[deleted]
What about Slavoj Zizek???


It was a pleasure to watch Wi-Phi's take on Critical Thinking at Khan Academy; would love to ask questions. Thanks for the announcements!
Being a student at UA, I've sat in on a few conversations with Kenneth. Was actually going through this list because I was going to recommend him for an AMA. 

Way to beat me to it, you guys. Really looking forward to this.


Edit: I would be able to get a few others involved, if anyone has anybody else at UA that they'd like to see.
Should I major in philosophy and what kind of careers would it open me up to?
[removed]
Could you try to have P.E. Digeser to do an AMA here as well? 
> So contractarianism necessarily rules out things like slavery.

Not so fast. Locke's *Two Treatises* came after *Leviathan*, and directly supported slavery (as did Locke himself).

When Hobbes mentions slaves in *Leviathan*, he isn't talking about African slaves. He is talking about people who find their way into your society by your conquest of their lands. And conquered peoples enter into a social contract of so-called slavery when they surrender.

>Dominion acquired by conquest, or victory in war, is that which some writers call despotical from Despotes, which signifieth a lord or master, and is the dominion of the master over his servant. And this dominion is then acquired to the victor when the vanquished, to avoid the present stroke of death, covenanteth, either in express words or by other sufficient signs of the will, that so long as his life and the liberty of his body is allowed him, the victor shall have the use thereof at his pleasure. And after such covenant made, the vanquished is a servant, and not before: for by the word servant (whether it be derived from servire, to serve, or from servare, to save, which I leave to grammarians to dispute) is not meant a captive, which is kept in prison, or bonds, till the owner of him that took him, or bought him of one that did, shall consider what to do with him: for such men, **commonly called slaves**, have no obligation at all; but may break their bonds, or the prison; and kill, or carry away captive their master, justly: but one that, being taken, hath corporal liberty allowed him; and upon promise not to run away, nor to do violence to his master, is trusted by him.

Furthermore, since you would have died in war had you not surrendered to the victor, you are surrendering everything, including your life, to them.

>The master of the servant is master also of all he hath, and may exact the use thereof; that is to say, of his goods, of his labour, of his servants, and of his children, as often as he shall think fit. For he holdeth his life of his master by the covenant of obedience; that is, of owning and authorising whatsoever the master shall do. And in case the master, if he refuse, kill him, or cast him into bonds, or otherwise punish him for his disobedience, he is himself the author of the same, and cannot accuse him of injury.

Locke eventually uses this argument in a way to justify slavery in *Two Treatises*. Similarly, Locke calls the same conquered peoples *slaves*, and isn't talking about those from Africa. Surprisingly, you don't see the justification for African slaves in the chapter *On Slavery*. It is seen it in the chapter *Of the State of Nature*.

> A state also of equality, wherein all the power and jurisdiction is reciprocal, no one having more than another; there being nothing more evident, than that creatures of the **same species and rank**, promiscuously born to all the **same advantages of nature**, and the use of the **same faculties**, should also be equal one amongst another without subordination or subjection, unless the lord and master of them all should, by any manifest declaration of his will, set one above another, and confer on him, by an evident and clear appointment, an undoubted right to dominion and sovereignty.

This is not an equality of all peoples, but an equality of people born to the same rank, same advantages of nature, and use of the same faculties. Locke, and many others, did not see slaves as fitting into this equality class (or even women). It wasn't until Rousseau's *The Social Compact* that such a contract extending to every living human was made explicit.
Damn you Hobbes who you don't want to be right but is right.
I really hope they will finish these episodes soon. I watch to watch them all at once. Not wait for them to become available.
I didn't see what game theory had to do with contractarianism.  Prisoners theory being based off of a contract you make with your partner in crime?  I thought the whole point was that there was no contract, its best just to look out for yourself.
Contractarianism comes so close to hitting my personal philosophical system, and yet somehow feels near the exact opposite.

I place no value in the implicit contract.  Verbal, written, any form of communicated contract is, in my eyes, near the highest moral form.  Not really the greatest good, but trumping the greatest good in terms of pragmatic allowance.  This is because of the fact that it leaves room for the judge's fallibility.  

2 willing parties participating in a previously agreed upon system?  Go for it.  I'll be sad if it's murder or torture or whatever, but as long as all participants signed up for it, I have no right to stand in their way.

However, the implicit social contract?  I put no stock in that. Looking at it in terms of something like etiquette, there are countless conditions at work that it is not reasonable to expect everyone to know, nor is it even possible to know in all circumstances.  They change between cultures and subcultures, and to judge someone according to these terms is just to be proud of how ingrained you are into one small system out of many.

The same concept applies to law, with the added complication of the argument, "You live in this society, you obey its laws."  Maybe for people who opted into it, but not for the people born into it.  They never agreed to their own birth, so there is no previously communicated contract.
The crash course people always do a great job.
I just want to say, This is an amazing series 
I enjoyed the lesson but the whole time I was thinking at the back of my mind that contractarianism only works between those of equal power. Even the [prisoner's dilemma](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prisoner's_dilemma) has an element of a power struggle that forced a contract; it is ultimatley just a game of who blinks first with forced boundries. *"Right, as the world goes, is only in question between equals in power, while the strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must."* ~ [Thucydides](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thucydides). I wonder if Hobbes's contractarianism or the prisoner's dilemma can be redefined in terms of a [SWOT analysis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SWOT_analysis).
Interesting, I never thought of it this way!
Crash Course is awesome. 
Too bad contractualism is much better and more plausible. 
Is contractarianism not automatically invalidated by the lack of another choice?  (IE, a place to go where you if you want to can live in the hobbesian( hobbsian, hobbistic?) natural world)  Every piece of land on Earth is either taken or inhospitable, and all the taken parts have their own moral contracts, differing from each other, but still existent.  I argue this because in our legal system, and ergo in some sense our morality, if our hand is forced into a contract, then it is non-valid.  Does this mean that following contractarianism, that we are all "slaves", only we have the choice of our "slaver", being the country we live in?  
I'm finding this guy's diction, presentation and rhetorical style increasingly handwavy and annoying with every video I come across, year by year.
Great book on Ebay...

https://rover.ebay.com/rover/1/711-53200-19255-0/1?icep_id=114&ipn=icep&toolid=20004&campid=5337697094&mpre=http%3A%2F%2Fm.ebay.com
Hey Roy,

When is our next Paradoxes and Infinity homework due? Could you send out a revised syllabus?
[deleted]
/u/studyinglogic wrote:

> I'm a student interested in formal models of rationality, currently applying to graduate school. Do you think it would be better for me to go to a philosophy graduate school with a strong basis in formal epistemology, or a computer science graduate school?

Depends. If you want to concentrate on how actual human do (or should) reason, then probably philosophy. If you are more interested in studying how formal, algorithmic systems might manage data (i.e. “think”) in a rational way, regardless of whether that way is similar to how we actual humans reason, then computer science would, perhaps, be better. My real advice would be that, if you aren’t sure, you can always do a PhD in one and a Masters in the other!

Which areas in philosophy of mathematics do you think are more closed off to academics coming from pure mathematics instead of philosophy? As it isn't common, do you have any thoughts on approaching graduate programs for a focus specifically in philosophy of mathematics? Thanks. 
/u/wullbell also asked:

> I seem to recall a famous Frege scholar getting involved in civil rights activism because of Frege's notorious racism among other things, and while I'm not sure I'd go that far, do you see any reason to sort of come back down and put your feet on the ground? As interesting as Cantor's proof may be, one of the fears I have about going into philosophy is that I won't be helping anybody very much. This feels like more of an issue with logic and philosophy of mathematics than other fields of philosophy, e.g. value theory, socially relevant philosophy of science, etc. While I quite often find myself going back and forth between the material of different fields out of interest, I have a hard time convincing myself it would be good to do philosophy of mathematics full time.

I think this is probably Michael Dummett you are thinking of, although I wasn’t aware that his discovery that Frege was anti-semitic was the reason he participated in various kinds of socially progressive stuff. I do think that engaging with the “real world” and working to make it better is important. It’s one of the reasons (but not the only reason) I have become interested in feminist philosophy and critical race theory in recent years. But I don’t think that we should underestimate the difference that work on philosophy of mathematics or logic might make in such matters. It might be a smaller contribution, but part of the reason for many of the bad things we see in the world is that people don’t think clearly and carefully about a whole host of issues (often issues that they are emotionally connected to). Hence, any work that helps people to think more clearly can also be positive in this sense, and I think some of what we do in philosophy of mathematics and logic (especially in teaching logic) makes positive impacts in this sense. The impact might be less direct and less noticeable than going out and protesting or marching or something, but that doesn’t mean it isn’t a real, genuine good. And just because it might be a smaller impact doesn’t mean it isn’t worth making – after all, presumably we can do the big things and the small things too.

/u/brando84back wrote

> Hey Dr. Cook, […] How do we increase the image of the philosophy of Mathematics in math and philosophy departments in the midwest? It seems to be very lacking in Minnesota with the exception of the University of Minnesota. I just find it frustrating to do any research because it seems like a very lonely island in the midwest in the Philosophy of Mathematics.

I think you might be underestimating the amount of amazing philosophy of mathematics in the Midwest. In addition to the program at Minnesota, there are excellent (some would argue “even better” programs) at Ohio State, Notre Dame, and Carnegie Mellon. Likewise, there are lots of really good philosophers of mathematics floating around the Midwest at smaller universities that don’t have graduate programs. To give but one example, Janet Folina at Macalester College just down the street from the U of Minnesota is, in my opinion, one of the best historians of the philosophy of mathematics anywhere.

I think my favorite thing about comics is how adaptable and malleable they are. Batman is Adam West, Ben Affleck, Kevin Conroy, Neal Adams and Frank Miller and Grant Morrison and Bill Finger. He can be all of those kinds of Batman and still be Batman.  

What do you think this means for the future of comic books? Are these stories just going to keep going and keep changing? Do you think they have more to say?
/u/From_the_Underground wrote:

> What have you written on comics? How far back do you go, historically? 

Here’s a mostly complete list of my publications on comics. As you’ll see, I mostly write on contemporary superhero comics, formal issues pertaining to the art form, and Peanuts. But my interests certainly go back further, even if my research doesn’t show it!

“Metafiction in Comics”, Routledge Companion to Comics and Graphic Novels, R. Cook, A. Meskin, & F. Bramlett (eds.), [2016].

“Underground and Alternative Comics”, Routledge Companion to Comics and Graphic Novels, R. Cook, A. Meskin, & F. Bramlett (eds.), [2016].

“Metafictional Powers in the Postmodern Age: Jennifer Walters, Canon, and the Nature of Superpowers”, The Ages of the Incredible Hulk, J. Darowski (ed.), McFarland [2016]: 136 – 155.

“Judging a Comic by its Cover: Marvel Comics, Photo-covers, and the Objectivity of Photography”, Image and Narrative 16(2) (Special Issue: The Narrative Functions of Photography in Comics) [2015]: 14 – 27

“Morrison, Magic, and Visualizing the Word: Text as Image in Vimanarama”, ImageText 8(2) (Special Issue: Grant Morrison), [2015], online at: http://www.english.ufl.edu/imagetext/archives/v8 2/cook/ 

“Comics, Prints, and Multiplicity” (w/ A. Meskin), Journal of Aesthetics and Art Criticism 73(1) (Special Issue: Printmaking), [2015]: 57 – 67.

“The Writer and The Writer: The Death of the Author in Suicide Squad #58”, Grant Morrison and the Superhero Renaissance: Critical Essays, K. Roddy and D. Greene (eds.), MacFarland and Co., [2015]: 64 – 81.

“Does the Joker have Six-Inch Teeth?”, The Joker: A Serious Study of the Clown Prince of Crime, R. Weiner and R. Peaslee (eds.), University Press of Mississippi, [2015]: 19 – 32.

“Jumping Rope Naked: John Byrne, Metafiction, and the Comics Code”, Heroines: Images of Women in Literature and Popular Culture, B. Batchelor, M. Bajac-Carter, and N. Jones (eds.), Rowman & Littlefield [2014]: 185 – 198.

“Stigmatization, Multimodality, and Metaphor: Comics in the Adult English as a Foreign Language Classroom” (w/ A. Leber-Cook), Essays on Graphic Novels, Comics, and Education, R. Weiner and C. Syma (eds.), McFarland and Co. [2013]: 23 – 34.

“Schulz, Peanuts, and Metafiction”, International Journal of Comic Art 14(1) [2012]: 66 – 92.

“Drawings of Photographs in Comics”, Journal of Aesthetics and Art Criticism 70 (Special Issue: Photography) [2012]: 129 – 138. 

“Why Comics are Not Films: Non-Standard Uses of Standard Conditions for Art Forms”, The Art of Comics: A Philosophical Approach, R. Cook and A. Meskin (eds.), Wiley-Blackwell, [2012]: 165 – 187.

“I am Ink: The She-Hulk and Metacomics”, Avengers and Philosophy (Blackwell Popular Culture and Philosophy Series), M. White (ed.), Wiley-Blackwell [2012]: 57 – 70.

“Comics Without Pictures, or Why Batman #663 is a Comic”, Journal of Aesthetics and Art Criticism 69 [2011]: 285 – 296.

/u/willbell asked:

> How do you feel about logical pluralism? If you're not a fan, what logical system do you like?

I have written a lot on logical pluralism, and discussed/partially defended two versions. 

The first, known as “logic as modelling”, stems from the idea that formal logics are just mathematical models of (correct) natural language reasoning, and hence any logic that does a good job is a legitimate (i.e. good or correct) logic. Obviously, even for the same explanatory task, two distinct such logics (i.e. mathematical models) might do equally good jobs as models in this sense.

The second version I have explored stems from observations like the following: if we accept a non-classical logic as the correct codification of logical consequence or (or of correct natural language reasoning), then presumably the context of that non-classical logic is the context within within which we should formulate and study logical pluralism/monism itself. This suggests that we might not have any real way of distinguishing between relatively close logics, since, for example, intuitionistic logic and other so-called super-intuitionistic logics might look “equally good” from the perspective of an intuitionistic theory of what logic is and is supposed to do, and hence the intuitionist might have no real evidence to reject the slightly different super-intuitionistic logic in favor of intuitionistic logic.

The most important thing to keep in mind, in my opinion, when thinking about logical pluralism, is to not make the mistake of thinking that the claim that there is more than one “good” logic entails that any logic whatsoever is equally “good”. As a friend of mine once put it after hearing a talk I gave on the second version above: “So now you’re a logical pluralist, but classical logic doesn’t even get to be one of the good logics?”
/u/SYNDICATTE wrote:
> […] Also, I am currently taking an introductory Aesthetics course at my school. I would say comics are art... but could a comic ever be considered "high" art? ("high" art meaning, viewed as one of the great[est] works of art)

I certainly think a comic could be “one of the greatest works of art” – at least in principle. I think that comics, as a relatively new art form, has perhaps not been developed enough to have any examples of this yet, and I think the overtly commercial and aimed-at-kids-ness of mainstream comics for most of its history has hampered this development. But there are certainly works that are worthy of being taken seriously as important art works (even if not the “most” important): Works by Grant Morrison, Chris Ware, Joost Swarte and many others come to mind here. Oh, and also Peanuts. Definitely Peanuts. 

Hey!
I've been out of academia for about 5 years, but still try to keep up to date and engage with relevant work - perhaps you could share your view on some of these things:  
&nbsp;

1. Is [ontic structural realism](http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/structural-realism/#OntStrReaOSR) (e.g. mathematical structural realism) logically possible? I.e. can there be relations without relata?

2. What is your preferred interpretation of scientific theories - [Syntactic](http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/structure-scientific-theories/#SynVie) (sentences in set-theory with predicate logic) or [semantic](http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/structure-scientific-theories/#SemVie) (models and category theory)?

3. Extending on the previous point - I've been pondering putting some time into researching the applicability of [Homotopy Type Theory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homotopy_type_theory) in meta-theory of empirical sciences... do you think that idea might have potential?

4. Do you think [renormalization](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Renormalization) in quantum mechanics is epistemically and methodologically kosher, or does it count against its coherence/parsimony?

4. The [Löwenheim-Skolem Theorem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/L%C3%B6wenheim%E2%80%93Skolem_theorem) held some rather unintuitive and foundational consequences in store for the logicians of the early 20th century, bootstrapping model theory and reshaping our notions of satisfiability and even countability. So I'm aware of its general influence and meaning - but I find I'm having a hard time summarizing its significance for our notions of decidability and in turn computability... can you help me out? :)


Thank you for your time!
/u/OdionBuckley wrote:

> I love comics like this. In particular, you've reminded me of one of my favorites, a Greyshirt story by Alan Moore and Rick Veitch. Each page is a stack of panels, with each panel telling the story of the residents of that respective floor of an apartment building over different eras of time (I don't have my books at work with me to give a better citation). It amazed me because it was the first story I'd ever seen that could, in a literal sense, only be told through the comic-book medium. Are you familiar with this one, and, if so, do you have any interesting philosophical insights about it? (I have no background in philosophy, for context)

I am familiar with it, and love it. The main insight I would press (which is more of a recommendation for going back to the comic in order to work out more for yourself, rather than me telling you what I think the comic is “about”) is this: Time, and the representation of time, works very weirdly in comics. Comics scholar Scott McCloud has written (more than once, I think) that in comics, space = time. I think this comic very nicely illustrates this idea, but also illustrates how complicated this idea is. Here space on the page works double duty, both representing the position of the actions being taken (in terms of the floor and room of the building), and representing the passage of time. But the passage of time is “non-linear”, since the action jumps from past to future and back again multiple times. Hence, I think this comic really shows how complicated the connections between space and time in comics is.

/u/brando84back also wrote

> Also, I wanted to ask if it is normal to get a graduate degree in Mathematics and then move over to the field of Philosophy of Mathematics? I know a lot of mathematicians have done this 

I don’t know that it’s “normal”, but many people have done it in the past. Many of the most important philosophers of mathematics during the last 150 years or so (Frege, Russell, Hilbert, the list goes on) were actually trained as mathematicians. But as a matter of practicality in terms of how the profession works, I think it is going to be very hard to get a job in a philosophy department without some sort of graduate-level philosophy degree – especially in the United States (in Europe or Asia, for example, there are programs specializing in logic that hire people with degrees in mathematics occasionally). Of course, one doesn’t need a job in a philosophy department to do or publish philosophy, so you shouldn’t let these facts stop you in that sense!

/u/Houston_Euler wrote:
> […] Over this past year I’ve developed an outline for a truth theory in attempt to resolve/shed light on these paradoxes. Here is a very brief summary:[summary omitted] So for my question, what do you think of this type of system? Are you familiar with any other attempts of this kind or know of any good resources to look into for other work on this approach? Thanks for any feedback.

I’m not sure I’ve seen anything with these exact details, although there are lots of views that examine the connection between sentence and propositions, and lots of views that involving restricting truth to groundedness or well-foundedness in some way. Kripke’s classic 1975 paper is of course the starting point. My first piece of advice would be to think about how your view might handle a ‘revenge’ liars like:

“The subject of this sentence fails to have the property attributed to it by this sentence because of groundedness issues.” 

/u/miracleofscience wrote:

> For my graduate thesis I'm trying to address mathematics as an aestetic object, as described by Frederick Schiller, namely mathematics has both cognitive and physical/sensual aspects. Do you have any thoughts (or recommended readings) on how mathematics is grounded in our physical sensuous existence?

The aesthetics of mathematics is an extremely difficult subject, and I think most of the work out there on the topic falls short. But I do believe that the journal Philosophia Mathematica might have some good articles on the topic coming out in the near future, so my advice would be to keep an eye out for those!

Why are Gödel's incompleteness theorems such a big deal? From what I can tell, they only provide very specific/contrived examples of unprovable true statements, yet people say they changed everything.
Wow! Such an interesting life! Very impressed by all of it! I would ask about the philosophy of mathematics  (which I didn't know existed until now), but I'm afraid I'll get easily confused by it.

So, my question is, if it weren't for the philosophy of mathematics or LEGO or the comics, where do you think you'd be, or want to be?

I wish I had better questions honestly. But, I'm not a man of philosophy nor asking decent questions  (yet). But thank you nonetheless!
I'm fascinated by the line at which accepted standard models of physics cross over into theoretical (and imo philosophical) territory. Does philosophy of mathematics have anything to say regarding models such as M theory and Loop Quantum Gravity? What about even more fringe models such as Roger Penrose's Conformal Cyclic Cosmology? 
Hello and thank you for doing this!

We have many similar interests, but I was hoping you could expand a bit about how/why you try to reduce all of math BUT geometry to logical terms. I always found geometry (mostly Euclidian) to be what I visualized when I took logic classes or even when I applied logic to moral philosophy.  

Just a very, very simple example, but I visual Modus Tollens and Modus Pones in terms of (and please forgive this atrocious description, but I'm on mobile and can't just draw it) two intersecting lines, where angle X + angle Y = 180*. So  it's the same way where basically one quadrant is X, then the next Y, then the opposite angle is X and the last Y again.  

I'm not explaining it very well, but I am curious as to why you omit geometry in your reductionism.   

I would appreciate your input if you had the time, and I look forward to reading some of your work!

Thank you again. 
Hi Roy, great to see you here! I recently caught your talk on distinctions - very interesting stuff. If I recall correctly, to get your argument off the ground you need to assume that distinctions are objects. And you defended this by pointing out that we can count them. But it's not immediately clear that counting is sufficient for object-hood, is it? For instance, I can count sakes ("the sake for which I did X is different from that for which you did X, so there are two sakes for which people did X..."), but we don't have to think that sakes are objects. So I'm wondering if you can say a little more about that. Thanks!
In what circumstances is it useful to have a formal definition of comics (a set of rules with which one can say "this is comics/this is not"), and in what circumstances is it useful for those boundaries to be squishy ("Batman #663 is pretty much comics"/"the Bayeux Tapestry is kind of vaguely comics"/"this series of airbrushed photographs is almost entirely not comics")?
Who does meta-commentary better Alan Moore or Grant Morrison?

And did you read Multiversity if so what did you think?
What is your view on seemingly paradoxical probability statements? I've been wrestling with the question of, "If I were to choose any number, say 8, what is the probability that my number would be chosen at random if the set of numbers were all numbers?" It would seem to me that there has to be at least 1 chance that could be chosen, but from what I hear probability states that the chance is 0. I could understand if the number is very close to 0, but not zero. There has to be a chance. 

I also don't know if the terminology I used here is accurate in that all numbers vs real numbers vs natural numbers. But basically I think it should be the same thing. 
Eeep, I'm applying to Minnesota's PhD program!  Thank you for doing this AMA.

How was the move from phil of math and logic to phil of pop art from the perspective of being in the academic community.  By this, I mean phil of math and logic are more accepted as core philosophy, but phil of pop art, especially comics, which are often deemed to be juvenile and "not literature", is definitely not part of "core philosophy".  Do some philosophers now say that you're not doing philosophy?

What do you think about the distinction between comics and graphic novels?  Any interest in looking at Manga?

What do you think about Garfield?

Also, DC or Marvel?
Hey Roy! Can you put and end to solipsism for me? The idea of it really screws with me and it absolutely sucks. 
Have you encountered the "I think it's much ado about nothing" response when trying to explain issues like the liar paradox or Frege and Russell on definite descriptions? How do you handle those? I'm more interested in your encounters with this sort of thing outside this classroom. 
How do you feel about Gödel's incompleteness theorem? Does it amaze you like Cantor's theorem did or do you think math would be better without it?
Hi Professor Cook,

What are your thoughts on this passage from Wittgenstein's *Philosophical Investigations*

> It [philosophy] also leaves mathematics as it is, and no mathematical discovery can advance it. A "leading problem of mathematical logic" is for us a problem of mathematics like any other.


By the way - I'll be here until 4:30 Eastern time. And then I might find time to check in again later this evening.
Can you ELI5 the non-circular construction of the Yablo Paradox? I've been reading your text on it, and it's a bit confusing.

Also, as a aspiring graduate researcher in Logic, what are some texts that you think would help me learn about contemporary research topics?
Before asking my question, just let me say that I'm glad to see respect for Peanuts among philosophers. I had access to those old ones when quite young and they really are quite a lot more interesting than whatever became of the Peanuts multimedia franchise and merchandise industrial complex. Recently while reading Schopenhauer I just had to do my [own fan parody](https://67.media.tumblr.com/37fb336c35b4cf1ed01cf6c02a73efa7/tumblr_oh3lolBbUr1toahllo1_500.png) as well. But I digress!

I've noticed that comics can arouse great, even disproportionate amount of anger, outrage and offense despite the quite typical neglect shown towards outside of fandoms. A conventional example would be Jyllands-Posten and Charlie Hebdo cartoons, but there are loads besides ones that target some religion. Another example is [this Finnish 1958 anti-Soviet editorial cartoon](https://kuvat.uusisuomi.fi/sites/default/files/imagecache/artikkelikuva_std/kuvat/Volgan-lautturit-157.jpg) that prompted a diplomatic apology, [spine killing anatomy of comic book women](http://eschergirls.tumblr.com/), [the evangelical gospel tracts of Jack Chick](http://www.chick.com/) that are often anti-catholic, homophobic and creationist, 1950's comic book controversy and the code that was introduced as a response to it, [Tintin in Congo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tintin_in_the_Congo) and racism, and so on.

This might be considered mere cherry picking, but I feel like there might something more involved here. There is a seeming disconnect between how seriously comics are taken and how serious controversy they seem to cause. Are there perhaps some formal aspects of comics that encourage this, in your view? One line reasoning I've read mentions that unlike in literature, in comics abstract descriptions need to be concretized and this lets whatever prejudiced biases the artist to be more visible and unlike in live action films, the artist retains a higher level control, which is why [Spirit](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spirit_(comics)) appears more racist to contemporary viewer than many then contemporaneous live action films.
I am also a philosophy PhD and a big comic fan; we appear to share a well-justified love of Grant Morrison. So, what did you think of *Supergods* (specifically the good parts about comic books, and less so the weird parts about hallucinogenic Nepalese aliens)?
Ok, so say there's this trolley heading down the tracks. It then splits off into two directions with a lever directing it. On one side there are three ppl tied down. The other, only one person. If you do nothing, the three people will die. You can pull the lever to redirect and kill only the one person. What do you do?
What is the value of a photograph, that captures a human being in it's frame, to you? 

Do you think it has value because of the fleeting moment captured of someone else's, or perhaps your own life? 

Do you believe the contrary? 
 
Not totally sure if this is a proper question for you, but I'm curious. 
I got an undergraduate degree in History and accidentally got one in Liberal Studies as well. I think I got it because of all the philosophy classes I took. I enjoyed philosophy more than anything else in my life. I want to continue with studies in Philosophy but I cannot go back to college. 

How would you suggest that a non student get immersed in Philosophy?
How would you address the opinions made by many famous scientists like Tyson and Hawking that philosophy is useless.
What grammatical function does a number carry?
Is infinity logically possible?
Hey man, any advice for a guy writing his PhD proposal for philosophy of mathematics?  Haha, this is proving difficult to get into for some reason!


Are you familar with Jeffery Kripal and Mutants and Mystics. I took a philosophy class in college on comicbooks. I am glad to see other professors doing the same.
"What happened with Legos, they used to be simple. Oh come on, I know you know what I’m talking about, Legos were simple. Something happened out here while I was inside. Harry Potter Legos, Star Wars Legos, complicated kits, tiny little blocks. I mean I’m not saying its bad I just wanna know what happened."
Hey Roy,

Do you have any book/website recommendations for critical thinking?  Not trying to become a philosopher, just trying to better myself in day to day life.
Hi there,
I don't know if I'm too late for this thread!
I was wondering if you have any thoughts on how mathematics might be represented in the brain?
Thanks for your hard work :)
Hello, thanks for doing the AMA. I am a math undergraduate, interesting in philosophy in logic. I am very excited for you to answer my questions!

Given that we can think of "truth" as a function that maps statements into {0,1} (and maybe a "2" for nonsensical, or maybe we just can't extend this function to the entire set of statements, hence working in systems free of contradiction, etc), what work has there been to think what other sets we can map statements into? How would logic look like if, say, we had a more continuous set such as R and tried to map in a nontrivial way (meaning we don't just map to {0,1} subset of R, but in a sense "surjectively"). 

That is my main question, but I have some other lingering thoughts as well, which may overlap. What would logic look like without the law of excluded middle? Can we make logic look more like a "topology" rather than a "geometry?"
Roy on the one hand we are lead to believe that the Universe came to be from nothing.  And on the other, that the universe had no beginning.   Aren't BOTH paradoxes?

1. How could something come to be out of nothing?  and
2. How could something exist with no beginning? 
Hey Roy, I'm transferring to the U next fall, I'll definitely try to get into your class!
As someone taking a mathematical logic class in a math department, what major aspects in the field do you think I'm missing?  (The first quarter is model theory and ultrafilters, the second quarter proves the incompleteness theorem and introduces notions of computability.)
Whats your take on dialetheism? 
Hello Sir,

  I'm not sure if I'm too late. In Bertrand Russell's *The Problems of Philosophy* he writes, "Hence either there can be only one thing in the universe, or, if there are many things, they cannot possibly interact in any way, since any interaction would be a relation, and relations are impossible." 

I was wondering what you thought of this binary. I understand why Bertrand Russell is saying this, but I would like to know if there are any responses by other famous thinkers to this situation. (I'm familiar with Hume, criticisms of inductive reasoning, and some other thinkers).
What's your biggest reservation against Kripkean essentialism? Thanks professor. 
To be or NOT to be?  
What are your thoughts on Hofstadter's work?  Specifically Gödel, Escher, Bach.  Did you ever bump into it during your paradox phase?
I assume that you find a lack of logical thought in yourself and in other people quite often, particularly in politics.  How do you come to terms with this, and how do you pitch your ideas and opinions to people who, by definition, cannot follow a logical train of thought?
Are you familiar with Schrodinger's cat? If so, give some thoughts on the experiment.
Contrary to media portrayals, which are largely propaganda machines anyway, science falls squarely on the side of reducing animal product consumption, for health reasons anyway. 
The arguments for veganism are compelling, particularly [the ethical](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=3HAMk_ZYO7g) ones. But there are good [environmental](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Livestock%27s_Long_Shadow) and [health reasons](http://consumersunion.org/news/the-overuse-of-antibiotics-in-food-animals-threatens-public-health-2/) to go vegan as well. 
















Eat what you want, just don't stop me eating what I want 
Methane from cows is nuts. Big time. I think as a species we should aim to have red meat max once a month, as im pretty sure thats what is reccomended for a healthy diet. But fuck steak is so good. I was raised in Calgary Ab. We had that shit at least two times a week. Its a hard conversation people love meat. Very effective protein source. 
Empathy, originally for human-to-human use, leaks into other mammals that have human like qualities. Making people project their own sense of well-being onto non-human animals like cows, pigs, etc.

The empathy leakage does not trickle down to insects etc that do not share recognisable human qualities because our sensory indicators do not recognise them as human like and worthy of empathy. Ultimately, empathy for non-human animals is evolutionarily mis-placed and leads to reductions in efficiency concerning needless opposition to the industrialisation of meat consumption.  
Essentially all altruistic acts are an internal transaction. You exchange some time or resources to be internally rewarded with a warm glow. Due to the empathy effect, humans will be rewarded with utility when they help others. As long as an individual values that warm glow of personal utility more than the resource they are trading for it (donating), that is a rational act compatible with Objectivism. 

I believe Effective Altruism is the ability to delay gratification. Instead of being a utility drug addict (lol), and going for the easy 'hit' of warm glow, I will delay this gratification and I will end up doing more for the recipient of my generosity, it just won't be as visceral and stimulating to me right now. 

For instance teaching someone to fish as opposed to just giving them a fish.
Effective altruism is about how to optimize the amount of good you generate with your actions. In this context it criticizes certain kinds of altruistic practices (the "goodness of heart" kind) that even though they make you feel good they are actually not very effective in improving people's lives. Effective altruists take for granted that improving other peoples lives is an intrinsic good. 

Ayn Rand criticizes elevating altruism to a higher moral ground than individual freedom and using this idea to justify stealing from or "enslaving" the productive members of society. Other than that there is no objection for voluntary altruism since the individual is free to do as he wishes with his own resources. 

The SIB makes her prediction PRIOR to you learning about the experiment. That's relevant because that means we don't have an endless feedback loop here. The SIB must decide in advance if you are a BOTH person or a B person. At first glance, either choice you make is the right choice because the super-intelligent being is not predicting the future in a vacuum. She's assessing what type of person are you. Are you a BOTH person or a B person? If you're a BOTH person, you'll be better off choosing BOTH and if you're a B person you'll be better of taking B. However, since it's better in this game to be a B person, I would be a B person. Sux for all you BOTH people!
Evem if your present decision doesn't alter your past decision, I'm pretty sure the SIB would've predicted that you would change your past decision into your present decision. The fact that you changed from Only B to Both was something he accounted for, making the final payoff $1000 instead of $1001000.

This, of course, assuming said SIB is always right, which is the crucial element of this problem.
Newcomb's Paradox is interesting, because there are two normally reliable heuristics that people commonly use which give opposite answers. The heuristic that you're most comfortable using determines whether you're a one-boxer or a two-boxer.

Taking both boxes is the **strictly dominant strategy**. The contents of the boxes are set and can't change, so regardless of the content of box B you will earn more money by taking both boxes. Most of the information in the problem is irrelevant due to that fact. It would be foolish to take only one box.

Taking only box B provides significantly more **expected value**. According to the conditions set in the problem, the expected value for taking only one box is 1000x higher than taking both, with zero (or near-zero, depending on how you interpret it) variance. It would be foolish to take both boxes.

Both of these heuristics are extremely powerful in almost all cases, and often can constitute a proof of the best move. In Newcomb's Paradox they disagree, which is bizarre and perplexing. If you believe that this paradox has an easy answer, try to explain how the method you're not using is wrong, before putting it to rest.
ITT Newcomb's problem is living up to it's "people are really sure of their choice" reputation.

I'd take only B. The prior on the Super-Intelligent Being being correct is really good, and that's hard to ignore. I'd risk $1000 for a really good shot at winning $1,000,000.
Here's a very useful principle for understanding this kind of conundrum. When you are having a very difficult time determining the answer, you are probably asking the wrong question.

In solution 1, we take box B because we accept as true the premise that the AI is infallible. In solution 2, we take two boxes and in doing so reject that premise, i.e. assume it is false. The reason people split into two groups is because **each of them is considering a slightly different question**. The reason it is so contentious is that each solution is logically correct given its interpretation of the question. 

The question itself never specifies that the AI is infallible, merely that it has always been successful so far. That is a red herring, because all that matters is whether the AI can make a mistake in the future. You have no information to settle that, and depending whether you think it is so, one or the other solution is clearly correct.

The "correct answer" is that it is impossible to say, logically, because you don't know whether one of the premises is true or false.

TL;DR: the question is ambiguous and depending how you interpret it one or the other solution is entirely logical.
To me there is very little to think about here. The way this is put out it seems, YOU CAN NOT TRICK THE ALIEN! So you choose B and only B everytime.

Say you walk up to the table undecided. You literally still have no idea what you will choose, you look at the boxes and the alien has already prepared them. You pull out a coin from your pocket, and decide to make your choice based on a flipped coin. Just to make it random. The coin lands and chooses for you. In a turn of events you decide to go against the coin, you know, just to trick the alien further. But wait, since the boxes have already been placed and since whatever is in them can't be changed, you just now get the idea that you might aswell just take both because anything else would be dumb at this point right? You battle with your mind for a moment, but decide that of course you should take both boxes. Anything else would be illogical at this point. So you do. You open the boxes and you are filled with disappointment because: the alien knew all along because it knew the fate of the universe apparently. It knew that you would throw a coin, it knew the outcome of the coin, it knew that you would go against it, it also knew that in that moment an idea would pop in to your head, and what the outcome of you mindbattle would be. It knew everything. You can't escape the laws of physics and you can't escape what you're determined to do in a given situation. Human behavior is predictable the same way a falling rock is. Your mind is not random, and so the alien always knows. B and only B everytime.

I take both boxes, of course. The explanation makes perfect sense to me - it doesn't matter what I choose, because the AI has already made its prediction and my choice isn't going to change it. My "choice" is just an illusion at this point. The boxes already have content in them, so I lose nothing by taking both, but I potentially lose a lot by trying to somehow change the past by making a different choice.
This is a silly situation. Clearly the AI can't get her prediction wrong, which means it's taken the decision-making away from us. Both choices would have been predicted by her, which means we are actually choosing **between both the consequences.**

Choose both boxes, and the AI would have guessed it ergo you only get $1000. 

Choose box B, and the AI would have guessed it ergo you get the 1 million. 

There's no conundrum. 
I swear, if I find any goat in that box I'm gonna explode.

More seriously, I think this is a matter of confidence in the IA decision. If you trust it actually delivers, you take box B. If not, you take both.

As a developper I took only box B but I can perfectly understand why you would take both boxes.

Edit: A friend solution is taking only box B, looking into it and sueing the IA for scamming if it's empty :p
The right course is to choose only Box B, but before you choose it, you find a betting establishment that will give you 1000:1 odds on the the AI being wrong and place a $1000 bet that the AI will have guessed you will take both boxes and so have placed no money in Box B.

We have good reason to believe that the AI will predict your choice accurately, as it seems to have predicted many hard to predict outcomes in the past.  BUT, it seems that people still regard the possibility of the AI being wrong as a real possibility - that is, that you could take both boxes and still wind up with the million in Box B.  So you should be able to find some betting establishment that will give you 1000-1 odds, as some people will surely believe that the AI could not guess 1000 out of 1000 choices correctly.

So then, when you take Box B, one of two things will happen:

1) Box B will have a million dollars in it, and so once you pay your wager to the bookie, you will have a net $999,000 in winnings, or

2) Box B will have nothing in it and your bet will have paid off, giving you a net $999,000 in winnings.

This way that is no uncertainty about your outcome, and even if someone gambles on taking both boxes and happens to win against the expectations of the AI that is very good at predicting such outcomes, they are still only $2000 richer than you, the person who assured their success - a sum that is basically a rounding error when you are speaking about a million dollars.
See how the bourgeois order tricks you into picking either box, when in fact, what you really want is the means of production !
Looks to me like a disguised free will debate. Since at this point in time we have not the slightest evidence that there is a being able to predict the future, it's obsolete.
It seems like most disagreement comes from whether the being is treated as infallible or not. 
The article mentioned that you do not know which box is which. Is there a risk of only wanting box b but accidentally grabbing box a instead? I think that would make me much more likely to grab both. 
The core of the conundrum in this problem is *retrocausality*: things happening in the future changing events in the past.

Edmonds writes:

>You cannot influence a decision made in the past by a decision made in the present!

But that is precisely what the problem is doing with the concept of the Super-Intelligent Being being able to predict what you will choose. Your decision in the present (choosing a box) influences what has happened in the past (the being deciding what to put in Box B). Of course the problem as stated hedges this a bit by coming *just* short of saying the being is infallible.

But really which side of the debate you come down on depends on where you decide to break this feedback loop of retrocausality.
Very simple. If the SIB is always correct, choosing both will get you 1000 and choosing B will get you 1000000. And the SIB *is* always correct. Period.
Dr David Edmonds' argument only makes sense if the past is independent of the present.  However, once you accept that there is a being that can make flawless predictions, you already implicitly accept that the past is not independent of the present.
Simple: I'm not really in desperate need of $1000.

If I choose box B and take my chances on $1000000, and get nothing, I come off mildly disappointed, but can go about my day like nothing ever happened.

If I choose box B and get $1000000, I'll be quite happy.

If I take both boxes, and get $1001000, I'll be quite happy about that, but not necessarily *more* happy than if it had just been $1000000.

Finally, if I take both boxes and only end up with $1000, I'd be disappointed in myself and in the super intelligence for labeling me as illogically greedy.

So I take box B. Because $1000 would make my life marginally easier for a week or two, but $1000000 would change everything.
It comes down to:

"If you take... it will have predicted"

Or just "if you take it will have"

That is erroneous in fact.
Although I have no idea what I'd pick in the moment when it comes down to it, I want to (prior to picking) _thoroughly be the type of person who would pick only box B_ such that the only prediction the alien can make is box B only.  So I'll _obviously_ pick box B only for sure.

To wit, in terms of expected value of winnings, box B is also the right choice.  Let _P_ be the probability that the alien makes a correct prediction and consider the expected winnings under the two possible choices:

    * Choose Both:  Expected-winnings = (1 - P) * $1,001,000 +  P * $1,000
    * Choose Just B:  Expected-winnings = P * $1,000,000 + (1 - P) * $0 

Attempting to solve for the values of _P_ that make the first expression greater than the second shows that for _all_ av
In this analysis, _P_ must be greater than 1,000 / 1,000,000 = .001 for choosing Both boxes to have a greater expected value.  Reiterating that, in this configuration of the game, the "super" intelligence only has to have a probability of .001 of correctly predicting your behaviour!  (Put another way, it could be _wrong_ up to 99.9% of the time and the policy of picking only B would _still_ be the one to maximize your expected value of winning!)  So even without "super" intelligence, choosing only B is still gives the highest expected winnings unless you are more than 99.9% sure you can "outsmart" the alien.

So my mathematically-grounded policy is (currently):  "always" choose Just B... 99.9% of the time.

**Edit: TL;DR -** I would write a computer program to randomly choose for me with the odds of it picking "both" boxes being fixed at .001, while it picks Just B 99.9% of the time.

**Edit 2:** I made a math mistake.  See my reply.
I think the issue with picking both boxes is pretty straight forward. Obviously we're talking about a machine that is able to predict behavior to such a degree that it is always 100% accurate (impossible at the moment, maybe it always will be?). 

Of course if you know what's in the box by having a friend tell you what's inside then it completely negates the purpose of the experiment. It's no longer about what the machine predicted but how to break the experiment.

Ultimately in this situation if we're agreeing the the machine predictions cannot be wrong then you'll either end up with one thousand or one million but not both - because if you do end up with both then you're saying that the machine is not 100% accurate or that it can't account for free will.

This is for sure an experiment meant to test free will in the face of absolute certainty.
A super-intelligent being would have researched me and discovered that I am a terribly risk-averse person. She would know that I would take both boxes. Therefore, she would have left box B empty. So I would take both boxes to get $1000.
Did I misread this...
1. Choose both boxes
2. Choose B only

...so, if you pick option 1, you get box A AND box B? Why choose just B then? 

Did I miss something? Is it if you choose both, then B will have nothing? 
One factor that I don't see in the responses so far: The amount of money in play makes a difference.

Because on some level, for any person in that situation, the choice you make is a strange gamble.  In a weird way, the gamble is this: If the predictor is always correct, can I somehow retroactively effect the already-decided outcome by the choice I'm about to make?  You can debate that all you want, but to some degree, the answer comes down to the fallibility of the predictor.  If the predictor is truly infallible, and cannot ever be wrong, then it's a simple choice between $1,000,000 and $1,000.

Backing out that particular question, the real answer comes down to this: Am I willing to throw away a guaranteed $1,000 payout for a likely $1,000,000 payout?  The answer to that has a lot to do with how those numbers compare, and what seems like "a lot of money" to people.  To give some examples, if:

* Box A had $1,000 and Box B had $1 million (the given scenario), I would probably pick Box B only.
* Box A had $1,000 and Box B had $2,000, I would probably choose to take both boxes.
* Box A had $1,000 and Box B had $10,000, I would probably choose to take Box B only.
* Box A had $1 million and Box B had $10 million, I would probably choose to take both boxes.

It might seem irrational, but it has to do with assessing risk in the context of my life.  The difference between getting $1,000 and $2,000 is not terribly significant, so it doesn't really matter.  The difference between $1,000 and $10,000 (or $1 million) is significant to me, and if throwing away $1,000 might make it extremely likely that I would get a significant amount of money, I can handle that loss without problem.  However, once you put $1 million at stake, I would become very risk averse.  On a practical level, for me, the difference between $1 million and $10 million is not that huge.  Either way, it's way more money than I need, and it would enable me to do things I couldn't otherwise.

So that's my position: It's not a logic problem.  It's a risk assessment problem.  It fundamentally comes down to an assessment of, "Am I comfortable gambling $X against a $Y payout on the question of whether a 'super-intelligent being' is infallible?"
This problem sounds like a great way to be dissatisfied with $1,000 in a box.
Box B for sure. I either get 1 million or I get to laugh at this 'super-intelligent beings' face for being wrong. I value each outcome more than that 1 thousand. 
After having read this thread, I think the safest bet is to say "I AM A BOX B ONLY PERSON" on this public forum. Now in the future when a supremely intelligent being is set the task of predicting my choice, it'll have a pretty easy time doing so when it checks my Reddit account history.
Obviously the super-intelligent being has knowledge we can not comprehend if it is always correct with its prediction. Whatever this knowledge is, the only thing we can comprehend about it, is that it is 'until now' 100% accurate. 

From this knowledge we must assume that if we chose both, B will be empty and if we only chose B there will be 1 million in the box. Even if we do not comprehend the underlying knowledge! 

Thus we chose B.


So many people trying to work *around* the problem here. "Maybe the SIB isn't infallible? Maybe the rules of the universe are different here? Let's rephrase the problem."

Just accept the rules, answer the question, and stop trying to wiggle out of it. At some point skepticism becomes contrarian and cowardly.
There's an element of the Halting problem in Newcomb’s problem. When the predictor in Newcomb’s problem claims to accurately predict the choice your going to make it is effectively tantamount to being able to solve the Halting problem. 
Let's remove the concept of a supreme being making the predictions and assume it is a toddler. Toddlers can't see the future, do time travel, force you to make a decision they wish (no matter how much they cry).     
     
The toddler made its decision prior to your knowledge of the test. This can not be undone and will be set.    
    
If the toddler chose both, then B is empty. If the Toddler chose B , then B has a million in it.     
    
Now, you can choose both or B, neither has any impact on what is currently in box B.  However, 100% of the time it is best to choose both as you will always get 1,000 and on occasion you will get a million but that million is out of your hands.    
    
Now back to the Supreme being. We do not know if their prediction is static. Their prediction may change based on our selection  (having the ability to see or change the future) or simply we do not have a choice in the matter, the Supreme being already determined if you're a both or a box b person. In the former, yes, always select box B, because that is the selection the being will have predicted because they know you made it. In the latter, you have no choice, sorry if you are a both type.    
    
If the Being can not change their prediction and can not foresee the future, and has truly given you free will in the decision, select both as per the toddler.  As your decisions will not affect the box prediction and you will always come out ahead.
The answer depends if you have previously been given a chance to consider it. 

If you have never considered it before, it's too late you can't change the predictions with your current actions. Take both. 

If you have read about this previously (as we all have), you must now take steps to ensure that you will always pick only box B. I officially declare that given this opportunity if I were to select both boxes I would destroy all my winnings. 
"Maybe since I knew you'd know, I spent all day thinking about the wrong wire."

It strikes me as a matter of faith - either you believe the SIB is infallible, or not. I wonder how/if it would change some peoples' decision if you explicitly said the being is God, and omniscient.

It also strikes me that the decision would be more interesting if both amounts were life-changing. For example, $1M and $1B. For many, it's too easy to dismiss $1000 - the stakes need to be higher.
By saying the supreme being "predicts" that I will make a certain choice are you not creating the implication that the supreme being could be wrong? If the problem was "the supreme being knows what you will choose" that would make the choice of box B correct. By saying the supreme being "predicts" then box B is a risk.

If I took both boxes and the being predicted I would take B, then I get all the money. If I take both boxes and the being was correct I get 1k. If I choose box B and the being predicted incorrectly I get nothing. This means if I choose B I have a 50% chance of nothing, and if I choose both I have 1k plus a 50% change of an extra million. I dont find this a hard choice...
Of course you should take both boxes. 
At no point it is stated that the SIB is infallible, it has just made good predictions in the past, you have nothing to lose by taking both boxes and nothing to gain by leaving the other box behind.
You take box B.  Your friend being able to see whats in the boxes is of no consequence. He will always tell you to take both boxes if he is asked,  but whether or not he is asked is also factored into the beings prediction. IE,  if your friend communicates to you to take both boxes, and you *do* take both, there is nothing in box B.  If he tells you to take both,  but you decide to take box B, then there was 1 million dollars in box B.  

If the problem assumes that the beings prediction is as good as fact, then you take box B.  It's no more complicated than that. 
In the end I pick B, because I wouldn't really mind not getting an extra 1K, but not getting 1 000 000 would really fuck with my head if I picked both boxes.
Ofcourse you take only b, if the alien predicted that great you got 1m if not well atleast you made that all knowing bastard feel dumb for 1 second and proved that mankind is unpredictable either way a win win, fuck the 1000$ it's all or nothing
Easy choice, take option B, take only the million dollar box. All signs lead to there being a million dollars in there. If for some reason I am wrong I have lost 1000 dollars, which isn't a big deal. 
I'd take both boxes. The SIB would predict that I can always use boxes to put stuff in.

The money (if any) is a welcome bonus.
I would take box B only, and if it turned out to be empty, I would then sell my services to the public as someone who can outthink a super-intelligent entity.  
"Take no boxes and live a life of happiness, friendships, and self sufficiency."

~ Epicurus
A million is a lot more than a thousand. Given that this paradox has produced a schism about what do among philosophers, there is no safe method or technique to guarantee that you can be sure of not risking the loss of a million dollars. **Prudential reasoning commands that I only select Box B.**
this is an issue with the nature of the problem itself. The correct answer changes depending on whether the superintelligent being is necessarily right every time, or just really really good at guessing.
This has me shook. I'd still choose B though. I'd still choose B.
In a hypothetical situation I would take B only – humans are predictable enough for a sufficiently advanced intelligence to guess the choice with high enough probability (doesn't have to be 100% for B-only to still be favorable).

In a real setting, however, I would assume this whole game is a part of a ["The System"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Derren_Brown_shows#Derren_Brown:_The_System_.282008.29)-like program and the SIB doesn't have any sort of super-visionary ability and I would choose both.
Choose B. Either you get 1M and all is well, or you outplay a super-intelligent machine which has never been wrong and you use your fame to be even more wealthy in the future. It is the only way to win big regardless of what the machine has already determined you would do in the past. 
A little late but what if you force your own choice to be "random"?

That is, you arbitrarily assign choice 1 to heads and choice 2 to tails.  Then flip that coin and stick with that decision.

Even if the SIB knows everything you did, does this force the SIB to do no better than 50/50 by default?
I would flip a coin. Heads I take both, tails I take B.   That way I have a fifty-fifty chance of getting the million, which I would gladly lose 1000 for
I think it's impossible to draw any kind of conclusions without an understanding of *how* the super-intelligence is making its prediction. The sleeping beauty problem is a more interesting variant of this, as it relies on someone making a decision and then having their memory erased, rather than someone else predicting their behaviour. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sleeping_Beauty_problem
One box seems so obviously correct to me.
As long as the the universe is deterministic enough that randomness (based on som kind of unpredictable quantum physics perhaps) does not interfere with the decision significantly enought to alter it, and as long as the act of placing the money in the box doesn't either, then the circumstances leading up to the decision are all set in motion ahead of time in such a way that the super intelligence would be able to predict the decision.

If you are the type of person who would make an entirely rational decision,you can know with certainty that whatever you choose, the super intelligence will have predicted. Thus, it's a simple matter of selecting the box that would provide the most money if you play by the rules of the game. Following a strictly rational decision, the most that is possible to get would be £1,000,000 by choosing to take only box B. This is a good result, but not optimal. 

The only way you can get more (assuming that there isn't any way of gaining direct or indirect information about what is under the box) is by fooling the superintelligence. In order to do this, you need to make a sufficiently irrational decision that mere randomness (if such even exists), or the act of placing the money is enough to alter the decision after the prediction has been made. Effectively, you're relying on chaos theory to sway the decision. 

There are a number of things that can happen. If the unknown variables are too subtle to affect the decision, the superintelligence will be able to predict the outcome 100% of the time. In this case, you will either end up with £1,000 or £1,000,000 depending on which of the two options you end up choosing. Neither is of them are optimal, and one is really bad. _If you are unable to fool the superintelligence, attempting to do so anyways is strictly worse than making a rational decision_.

If the unknown variables _are_ significant enough to be able to alter the decision (say for the sake of argument that you happen to have a button which through some quantum mechanical magic can spit out completely random results), having the _ability_ to change the decision is not enough, the decision actually has to be altered too. If the button randomly selects the same decision twice, you get the same result as before, either £1,000 or £1,000,000 depending on which option you chose. If you actually _do_ manage to fool the super intelligence, you will either end up with £0 or £1,001,000. Using pure randomness, you have a 25% chance of receiving the optimal reward, but the expected value when using this method is £500,500. If you rely on something less random, such as the subtle effects of chaos theory, the outcome will be more predictable and result in a lower chance of receiving an optimal reward, yet still the same low expected value.
You know, the attachment to two-boxing feels a bit like a [monkey trap](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/monkey_trap). Attempting to hold onto that $1000 pretty-much-inevitably causes you to lose the $1M, and yet people keep clinging to it, somehow convinced that they have a way to trick a super-intelligence and take both boxes without it having predicted the fact.
It looks like the main assumption behind "both boxes" approach is that since content is set in stone beforehand, your decision cannot influence expected content of box B. In other words, present cannot influence past. **This assumption is wrong.**

Let's assume that Super-Intelligent Being is intelligent enough to predict the correct outcome 60% of the time, i.e. if SIB predicts "both boxes", 60% of the time player indeed ends up taking both boxes.

Now let's assume that players choose both options more-or-less equally. Let's say that out of 15 players, 7 chose both boxes and 8 chose box B only. Situation looks like this:

 | player chooses both | player chooses B only
-|-|-
SIB predicts both | 3 times | 2 times
SIB predicts B only | 4 times | 6 times

The table is in line with our assumptions: 7 players chose both, 8 chose B only, SIB predicts both correctly 3 out of 5 times and predicts B only correctly 6 out of 10 times.

Now, to go to the core of the question, we need to ask inverse question: if player chooses both, what is the probability of SIB predicting both? It happens 3 out of 7 times, or roughly 43%. However, if player chooses B only, probability of SIB predicting both drops to 2 out of 8 times, or 25%. In other words, **player choosing differently changes the expectations about SIB prediction**. You can rationalize it however you want but this is what rather simple math clearly shows.

In that scenario, expected gain for player choosing both is 3/7\*$1000 + 4/7\*$1001000 or about 572 thousand. Expected gain for player choosing B only is 2/8\*$0 + 6/8\*$1000000 or 750 thousand. Clearly, choosing B only is more profitable.

Note that I didn't assume SIB is infallible. It's right only 60% of the time. If we increase this probability, B only will be even better choice.

Assumption that your decision cannot influence SIB's prediction is essentially an assumption that SIB has **no** predictive capability, i.e. it guesses randomly and is correct 50% of the time. I'm not saying this is an unreasonable assumption but problem statement suggests otherwise.

Also, the fact that the prediction already happened (in the past) doesn't really matter. If we modify the game to let the player choose first (e.g. write your choice down, without showing it to SIB), and then let the SIB predict and distribute the money, it's essentially the same game. The only important thing is that in both cases you don't know what SIB predicted and SIB doesn't have a direct knowledge of your choice. Whether the prediction happens before or after player's choice is irrelevant.
i wish Douglas Adams specifically referenced this.
You should take B every time.

Why? Because to correctly predict such events with near 100% accuracy, the machine would probably have to run some kind of simulation. Therefore, you may be in a simulation being run by the machine to determine the outcome. 

Philosopher A says you cannot influence the machine's decision in the past by actions taken in the present, but if you are the simulated you then you *can* influence the machine. You should take box B every time because no doubt the simulation will be run many times to get a statistical average. The more confident you are in the decision, the more likely the machine will put the million dollars in the box.

It's just common sense
Has this article phrased the problem correctly? Nothing in it suggests the SIB has any problem with me getting a lot of money.

As phrased, this is equivalent to an absolutely honest person saying to me "pick box B and I will give you $1,000,000, or pick both boxes and I will give you $1,000." 

We could think "maybe the person isn't honest and will actually give me $1,001,000 if I pick both boxes", but that is just to deny the hypothetical which was set.
I'm surprised that no one has suggested flipping a coin to make the choice.
Pick only box A and render the being's prediction incorrect. Then tell your friend that the being cannot influence the past and that they should take both boxes.
When I was but a wee lass, my father put to me the following riddle:

*If a man and a half can dig a hole in a half in a day and a half, then how many pancakes does it take to shingle a doghouse?*

Like most people, I expect (or at least like most kids, I presume), I obsessed over the first part, all but entirely ignoring the second part. I spent a very long time pondering the question, occasionally asking to have it repeated in case I missed some detail that would help me solve it. Eventually I offered an answer: "None."

"Why?" my father asked.

"Because there's no such thing as a man and a half or a hole and a half, so the question is nonsense." (Or some version thereof, in less elegant kid language.)

"No," my father said. "The answer is *one*." He then challenged me to figure out how that was the correct answer. I eventually realised that a pancake can be of any arbitrary size, so you'd only ever *need* one, no matter the size of the thing you want to cover. But the first part still frustrated me, because it was such obvious nonsense. And here's where I learned an important lesson in logic that leads me to a confident answer to this problem.

The answer is that in a logic problem, you are not to question the Given. The Given might seem irrational, but it's the set of rules that frame the Problem, and if you distrust the Given, then the entire Problem falls apart. The question didn't ask if there was or could be any such thing as a man in a half or a hole and a half. It asked *IF* a man and a half *could* dig a hole and a half in a day and a half, *then* how many pancakes does it take to shingle a doghouse?

Dr. Ahmed's answer accepts the Given on its own terms, and does not challenge it. To do so would be to dismantle the Problem itself, rendering any answer to it useless, or at least meaningless. Dr. Edmonds' answer does an end-run around the question. He speculates that he can derail the trolley, instead of having to choose who to kill. But the Given does not allow for that option.

The Given states that the Super-Intelligent Being "has never made a bad prediction". That's equivalent to "never guesses wrong". It follows that there is no way to defeat the SIB's guesses, no matter what you do, or else someone would have done it at some point, and no one ever has. It logically follows from that that whatever choice you make will be the correct one, and unless some other factor intervenes to make you choose differently, you'll pick the box with the million-pound cheque in it.

Dr. Edmonds's answer speculates that the SIB can be wrong, which might be true, but there's no evidence supporting that conjecture. The evidence forcefully argues the opposite, that the SIB never guesses wrong. So the best choice is obviously the one that will have the most gain for you. The SIB had to have seen that coming, and also had to know that you would learn that she never misses. Dr. Edmonds's approach is that of the Sicilian in *The Princess Bride* who tries to outwit his opponent and in the process outwits himself. He speculates on how the SIB could be wrong. But the Given doesn't allow for that option; it clearly affirms that the SIB is *never*wrong. *It doesn't matter* how she's always right; all we need to know is that she *is* always right.

The solution is inconsequential because the choice has already been determined. The intelligent being is not stated as having any preference regarding your success, so there is no guarantee that choosing B only will yield the higher amount. The only guarantee of having any money at all is by choosing both boxes.

Another take on this would be to think of box B as being superimposed, having both nothing and the million at the same instance. Only when you choose to know the contents of box B is it forced to have either or. To you, there would be no difference, but the intelligent being would either have to know your choice OR the contents of the box. Since it knows your choice, then the contents of box B is truly probabilistic. Still, the only guarantee of walking away with any money would be to choose both boxes. 

Thus, my choice would be both boxes. 
The premise is wrong. The future of a complex system is unpredictable. A being that can predict the future with complete accuracy cannot exist. Creating a problem with an impossible premise leads to mental gymnastics that can have no more relevance to reality than the impossible premise. Philosophy that is predicated upon an impossible premise is a waste of mental effort.
I think the key is to act beforehand to make yourself someone who will only choose 1 box.
I don't often see my last name in an article.  

Reminds me of this scene from the Princess Bride:  
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_eZmEiyTo0&t=1m32s
The claim "You cannot influence a decision made in the past by a decision made in the present!" does not seem to be true, if the SIB is truly a flawless predictor of the future.

After reading the problem like 10 times I came to the conclusion of choosing Both. If she has already predicted things I've done in the past taking both is the better choice because before I knew about her predictions I have already chosen both. So if she has predicted that same thing then taking B only would cause me to find an empty box and I would lose out on the $1000. 
This isn't about the choice you should make. It's about the type of person you are. 

You are either a BOTH person or a B person.

Since B is more lucrative, I am a B person.

This is also assuming SIB is right 
I curious wether this could be compared to a test of faith?

In my opinion it is the rational thing to choose BOTH, even though I didn't come to this conclusion without the explanations. So clearly the SIB would have predicted me being rational and convincable to choose BOTH. I am therefore doomed to receive only 1000$, regardless of my "choice".
The SIB is not predicting my decision, it's predicting my character.

How would you describe a person, who chooses to take B out of conviction of being "that kind of person"? Without the explanations it would be sensible, but after reading them, the person must think of themselves as being irrational.

Edit: Correction! I would be doomed to receive only 1000$ or nothing. I am this kind of person and being dishonest with myself would net me a box B with 0$.
$1,000 is such a small amount of money relatively speaking. It just doesn't make sense to risk losing $999,000 by taking both, when you only risk losing $1,000 by taking b alone.
I take box B only. 

But I find I'm very confused by the reasoning of both sides of the debate. 

Does it move anyone's position if we assume the super-intelligent being is merely very good at predicting rather than perfect? 

Does it move anyone's position if we allow the super-intelligent being to have been lying to us, and hasn't been predicting at *all*, and instead has been achieving her result by some other method?

From what little "evidence" we are presented with in this hypothetical, these things could be true and seem to me to push for a one-box solution. 
I would commit to only taking B then I would only take B. Taking both seems to be relying on unknowns about how the SIB is making the prediction. Since it's apparently never wrong and since I know I want the most money, I will take B and not assume fallibility of a supposedly infallible SIB. 
I'd take B-only. 

Within the rules of the problem, the AI is known to be infallible. The chance that I, who am not a clever man, would be the AI's first prediction failure seems negligible. 

* If I choose Box B and it's empty, then the AI made a false prediction (predicting I would choose A or A+B). That seems unlikely. 
* If I take both boxes and get $1,001,000, that means that the AI falsely predicted that I would choose Box B only. That also seems unlikely. 
* Given that those two failures seem highly unlikely, and a correct prediction is far more likely, I'll choose Box B with reasonably high confidence that it will contain $1,000,000. 

Another way to evaluate the problem is simple risk analysis. Would I be willing to spend $1000 of someone else's money for a highly probable chance of getting $1,000,000? Of course! I could use the grand, but I could use a full rock even more. Since I stand to "lose" both if I make the wrong choice, the risk of giving up the million in Box B is greater.
I look at it this way: I'm not a gambling man. 
I can risk the 1 million dollar chance, or I can be sure of 1,000. 

I'll take both boxes.  
Based on the information given and nothing more, I would choose box B only. If the research clearly shows that the AI has never been wrong and if it is as smart as the information leads us to believe, it would have already predicted that I would make this choice and put the million in the box. If I take both boxes to at least guarantee the thousand, the AI would have predicted that and left box B empty. I don't believe it is possible to trick the AI in this scenario. If you are someone who would pick both, you have already lost the million. If you are someone who would pick box B without a second thought, you are guaranteed the million. Whether you attempt to trick the AI is irrelevant, as it is likely to have predicted that as well.
I would remove my own agency from the decision which would rob the AI of its ability to predict my choice. I would use a true RNG to give me a totally unpredictable 50/50 choice after the AI has made its prediction. This is the only way to ever win the £1,001,000 but it will only happen in 25% of games played.
I take both boxes. My reason is that during the reading of the directions as soon as I saw there was an option to take both I immediately knew that's what I would do. It wasn't until I saw there was an AI making decisions that I decided to think further.

Since the AI likely knows this it would likely not leave the money, because AI is a dick.
Why can't I just take box A? I'm happy with $1000 and if box B is empty it's the only choice for the most money. 
I feel like this question really boils down to "how strongly do you trust the SIB to be right?" If you have 100% confidence that it can predict your actions down to the last detail, the clear choice is to pick just box B, while if you think the SIB is 100% guessing the clear choice is to take both. Anything else is a gradation between those two extremes.
Is the super intelligent being trying to help you receive the most money or working against you to choose the least amount?
This is missing a key piece of information, when/how does the being make it's prediction. If it makes it off examining your previous choices and personality, than picking both boxes is absolutely correct 100% of the time. If it's a mind reader and makes its prediction after the problem is explained to you, than picking only B is obviously 100% correct. 

If you don't get to know when/how it predicts, than it boils down to a gamble and not a philosophy question. Is the chance for 1 million worth losing out on a guaranteed 1k by hoping it predicts the second way? 
If the SIB already knows what you're going to pick, does it even matter what you pick?
I might choose both boxes.

... but I chose B in the poll. Checkmate.
If SIB has a perfect track record; You cannot ever know whether you are making the actual choice or experiencing a perfect "prediction"

Obviously you should choose B if you're the prediction and both if you're making the choice. In absence of that data, pick B every time. 
I would always just take b because of greed, who cares about a grand, chicken feed
the sib has never been wrong. 
therefore B.

it is your action that determines her forecast.

google - retrocausality.
Really, this has to do with whether the SIB is bound by conventional physics, and whether they can change the contents of the box depending on your choice:

  - If the SIB **can't** change the contents of the boxes depending on your choice, obviously you should pick BOTH.
  - If the SIB **can** change the contents of the boxes depending on your choice, obviously you should pick B.

Really, the question comes down to whether you believe that the SIB in question is bound by conventional physics (like a human), or whether they can alter the universe programmatically (like a programmer dictating the internal state of a simulation).

In other words: are we talking about this?

    // conventional physics, you should choose BOTH
    prediction = sib.choose()
    choice = philosopher.choose()
    
    if (prediction == option.BOTH) {
      boxes = [1000, 0]
    } else if (prediction == option.B) {
      boxes = [1000, 1000000]
    }
     
    if (choice == option.BOTH) {
      return boxes
    } else if (choice = option.B) {
      return boxes[1]
    }


...or this?

    // black magic, you should choose B
    choice = philosopher.choose()
     
    if (choice == option.BOTH) {
      boxes = [1000, 0]
      return boxes
    } else if (choice = option.B) {
      boxes = [1000, 0]
      return boxes[1]
    }
Would a minimax not give us a better outcome? "The maximin value of a player is the largest value that the player can be sure to get without knowing the actions of the other players" (Maschler et al. 2013), whereas in a minimax approach we would have minimized losses before the relevant information is given allowing us to maximize our value knowing the other player's choice. This would provide a significant advantage in this exact scenario seeing as it is not a zero sum game.

Michael Maschler, Eilon Solan & Shmuel Zamir (2013). Game Theory. Cambridge University Press. pp. 176–180.
Take both boxes: get money and two empty boxes /s
This seems like a pretty straight forward probability question:
If, from your understanding, the SIB is correct at least 999/1000 times, then you should choose B.  If the SIB is correct less than 999/1000, then you should choose both.

You can argue free will and ability to predict the future but those become just more details to answer the math question.  

If you believe SIB predicts the future (which seems evidenced by the percentage of correct answers in the past) then you should take B.

If you believe SIB is just gosh darn super lucky (the SIB's background does not seem to support this), then you should take both.
This all depends, are you awarded the money, or is it in the box beforehand? If its in the box beforehand, you should pick both, because physical objects cannot move, including checks. If its awarded to you, you should choose the 1 million, because it only has a 50/50 chance of existence if you pick both. 
This seems like a stealth freewill/determinism problem to me. "Can the SIB predict your choice with 100% (or at least near-100%) certainty?"

If yes, then the answer is B, because if you picked B then the SIB was able to predict you would pick B therefore the box contains the money. While picking both means the SIB predicted you would pick both and there is no money in box B.

If the SIB is not 100% accurate, then this becomes a math problem. Honestly though, 1 million vs 1000 is such a massive disparity in reward I'd imaging if the odds are even slightly tilted towards the SIB's prediction being correct box B is the right answer. 
This is how you do it:

A. Prepare to pick B. (Or somehow get the SIP to know you will pick B.)
B. Pick both.

The problem simply lies in a catch-22.  If you're insane you can't go home, but you're only sane when you don't want to go home.  The example I always heard when I was young was that you want to start a car wash business but you need materials.  However, you need money (which can only get via washing cars) to buy the materials to wash the cars.  In this case you can break the paradox by having money to buy the materials in the first place, and I believe that is similar to this.  

Another view is more akin to a psychological question than a philosophical dilemma.  It depends on who you are.  Not the person receiving box A and B or just B, but the person thinking about the circumstance currently.  If you see the SIP's 100% accuracy as the constant, then you are a B person.  If you see the dimension of time as the constant, you are an A and B person.  I'd say it's similar to viewing a 2D representation of a cube, in that some see the cube facing one way and the others the other way.
I would just take box A, therefore making the prediction wrong regardless. That way I will get the 1000 and not have to deal with the disappointment of not getting the hypothetical cheque.
The other unstated question that needs to be answered is "How much are the boxes worth?"

Let's say these are really nice boxes... top of the line stuff here... just beautiful and artistic and made from pure printer ink and antimatter... then you should take both boxes.

Or maybe you really like boxes.  In either of these situations, you should clearly choose both boxes.
Flip the question around and ask it this way:

As an observer and knowing what you do, would you bet AGAINST the SIB?
I take B, because if I open B and nothing is in it, it is the SIB's fault. The worst I can ever be accused of is missing out on 1,000 pounds. This is true whether or not if I take A.

Also, for whatever reason, before reading the prediction clause, I felt a tug to pick B and just B, because I was expecting some weird nonsense to happen later in the thought experiment.
Well - Gods are always trying to teach someone a lesson. If I were faced with a test orchestrated by a supremely intelligent being, I would guess there was a hidden lesson -- whether there actually was or not. 

So, my upbringing tough me to make the most of the least and not to be greedy.

I would take B.
> You cannot influence a decision made in the past by a decision made in the present!

Yes, but you can predict a decision that will be made in the future, which has the same consequences in this experiment, as if the quoted statement was wrong.

> transparent glass side

cheating
Let's assume materialist determinism here.

Presumably the way this works is that the SIB creates a model of my mind, and runs a simulation of the thought process my mind goes though when given this exact problem.

Given SIB's track record in modelling equally or more complex processes, I can only assume that she has predicted everything I am thinking right now. She will have predicted, then, my realisation that my current train of thought has been modelled ahead of time, and also how this belief will influence my actions.

From this point, it comes down to how much you trust the SIB's track record. *If you are convinced it's model of your mind is accurate, your decision - although not causally linked to the past - is essentially not private.*

So it makes sense to act as if SIB is watching, and to pick B.
I understand the premise, but I feel the underlying question is more about the SIB than the players choice. 

Since this is a logic problem, you have to break down every piece of information given. The SIB is either effectively a god (knowing the totality of physics and current state of existence, including the chemistry, genetics, life experiences that might lead you to a decision) meaning there is nothing you could do to alter the outcome, or  the SIB is fallible, although with a spectacular track record. 
 
So, my conclusion is that you take both, because the set of outcomes for that is either $1,000 or $1.001m vs $0 or $1m. It boils down to something approximating fate vs free will. Seeing as very little information about this being or its own decision making is available (other than "its the best!"), your interpretation of the SIB becomes an act of faith. Being that this is a logical problem, faith is irrelevant. It reminds me of the monty hall problem in that it distracts you from the crux of the problem (SIBs reliability) with other details (SIB has been right so many times!) that really dont offer concrete support for what the SIB will do in your particular case. You can flip a coin 10,000 times and land heads every single time. Doesnt mean its always going to be heads. 

Anyway, i wrote this on mobile after a bit of commode philosophy. I like to be wrong, tell me what im missing.
Seems like we have three definitions of our SIB:

1.  Super AI:  Able to predict your action based on knowing human nature.  (Like a personality simulator from Black Mirror's White Christmas)
2.  Omniscient:  Know the future
3.  Really Lucky Guesser (Not really a SIB)

If you believe in #1, then you can find some super random way of choosing that couldn't be replicated by a simulator (Is there such a thing?) or just choose B.

If you believe in #2, you choose B because the future has been decided.

If you believe in #3, you choose Both boxes because the prediction has no influence on your choice.
This hyper intelligence seems to me more of a psychic ability. For my money I'd tend to agree with though process B just because you assure yourself a net gain of at least 1,000 dollars. I don't quite understand the logic in not guaranteeing yourself something predicated on only a seemingly omniscient being. 
I figure it depends on how you weight the possibilities.


First possibility: The SIB has real predictive power. Not impossible. An alien race who's penetrated the vagueness of quantum physics and rendered it deterministic has a supercomputer with the capacity to predict future events based on the current state of the universe with extremely high accuracy. Time travel is another possibility. We're living in a simulation and our response is scripted. In any of these cases, the prediction is the effect of the decision we make. The decision becomes the cause. It doesn't matter how much we waffle, whatever we choose determines what's in the boxes. Both gets you 1k, B gets you 1m.


Second possibility: It's a scam. Whoever's behind this is after fame and fortune. Them being right is all that matters. And they will cheat to be right. The contents of the box are determined by slight of hand. Whatever you pick, the prediction will line up. Both gets you 1k, B gets you 1m.


Third possibility: They guessed at your response. Both gets you 1k and an unknown probability of 1m, B gets you an unknown probability of 1m.


Fourth possibility, it's a "social experiment": Either box could contain anything. Both gets you unknown + unknown, B gets you unknown.


If you weight all four equally, you're looking at both giving a 75% chance of 1k, a <25% chance of 1m, and a 25% chance of a total unknown. B has a 50-75% chance of 1m, and a 25% chance of a total unknown. The risk:reward heavily favors picking B only.


Picking both requires that you heavily favor the third possibility, while dismissing the first two. It requires that you dismiss the validity of the SIB, and so disbelieve the presenters, while still accepting that they're telling the truth about the contents of the boxes. It's heavily based on assumptions about the nature of the problem and the veracity of the presenters, although what you'd consider common sense assumptions.


The neutral position is to pick only B. The common sense position is to pick both.


The disagreement stems from neutral and common sense not being the same as right and wrong. There are only two opinions, which vary in their viability based on your assessment of the problem being based on a neutrality that considers all possibilities, or a common sense that eliminates possibilities that you consider unlikely. 



Edit: My conclusion is that anyone who is confident in their answer is wrong for being unjustifiably arrogant.
If I knew that the SIB was never wrong, then I would determine that free will is an illusion, and therefore I would determine that Just B is the best option and pick it.  Since it the SIB was never wrong, I would get the big $$$.  
In an academic exercise I would say both, but if I actually did face such an extraordinary situation I would think there's a higher than 1/1000 probability that all my knowledge about natural order of things may be wrong, and hence choose box B as I don't want to risk losing a million dollars.
I'm not sure which one I'd choose.
How do we know that she will continue predicting right? She could have gotten lucky (though I wouldn't personally put my money on that for pragmatic reasons). The problem of induction arises. We don't know the process that she uses to make predictions. Is it magic? Is it a judge of character? Can she read minds? Is she a time traveler? Is it based on an algorithmic process of determining odds of an outcome happening?

What has the Super Intelligent Being got to do with the choice? That "God" knows what the outcome will be doesn't matter at all if you don't know what "God" knows.

Personally, ignoring the distracting and meaningless ornamentation of the SIB, I'd take a shot at the £1,000,000. A £1,000 win or lose doesn't matter much to me one way or the other. A million pounds, however, would, indeed, be nice.
I'll just take box A and really confuse that dirty S.I.B. Or better yet, just the lid of box B. Who's intelligent now?!
Take B only. I know there's an S.I.B. making a prediction, and the S.I.B. knows that I know they're making a prediction, *and the S.I.B. knows all of this before the prediction is made*, and I know they knew that, so the logical choice is B.
Umm... take both, lol. The contents have already been decided. No matter what both boxes will not change the value on the inside. 

Th super intelligent being is a great guesser. This doesn't mean it will always be right. Regardless, if she put 1 million dollars in B and you take B, you get a million dollars. If you take both, you get $1,001,000. If you only take B and the box is empty, you get $0. If you take both, you get $1000. 

It seems like the only answer that could sway you into taking just one box is that the contents would change based on your decision. It won't unless it's fixed. Even if you change your mindset right then and there, without prior influence, the contents will not change.

Philosophy sounds fun. 
Very cool. I went back and forth for awhile on this, but ultimately I think you choose B as it is the best chance for the best result and either way you are only risking £1,000. 

If you choose both, than you are risking £999,000. What a fun exercise.
What if I'm an FU kind of person and I choose A just because... FULL? Cause I don't care about the money and I don't care about the OIB trying to pull my strings....
I would try to convince everyone to base their decision on the outcome of a quantum experiment, such as measuring the spin of an electron in a 50/50 mixed spin-up/spin-down state. If the SIB is able to predict correctly every time, then the probabilistic interpretation of QM would have to be called into question. The benefit to society of such knowledge would easily be worth hundreds of trillions of dollars, in addition to the hundreds of trillions of pounds whose sudden injection into the world economy would likely cause severe inflation in the UK.
I just read that entire blog in Stephen Fry's voice.
The problem is that the question statement breaks causality.

By deciding to take both boxes now, a decision is made in the past to remove the check from box B.

In the universe this question makes sense, the SIB will screw you if you take both boxes.

B, for god's sake just take box B.
Since there is no such thing as a super intelligent all knowing being this is not a rational question.  

But assuming such a person exists I would choose B because she already knew I would and become $1,000,000 richer. 


Take some nondeterministic process in the universe, base your choice on that. 
It seems to me the proper answer depends on the nature of the SIB, whether the SIB is able to perceive the future, is merely making a prediction based upon my past behavior, or has some unique insight that despite my beliefs that I act deterministicly, without freewill.

Assuming no decisive information about the SIB is available, my answer would be:

Roll a d6.  
On 1, 2 or 3 I would take box B.
On 4, 5 or 6 I would take both boxes.
The obvious answer is throwing a coin
I find it interesting that the answers to a philosophy question are almost exclusively based on how to get the MOST money from your decision. A lot of the arguments against choosing just B are something along the lines of "yeah but there is a chance you can have both". 

I chose just B because it did not cross my mind to analyze ANY amount of risk in order to obtain another $1,000. There is no need for an extra $1000 if I received a million. If the question was created in order to judge between two options than both A and B should be made to something like $500,000. That way the reward and punishment are equal risks. To make the money such hugely different amounts makes me think the question in less about risk and more about greed and motivation. 
Pick B. It's absurd to potentially throw away 1 million in the off chance you score an extra 1000. If the SIB is always right, it is much safer to assume it has access to esoteric knowledge - like my future mental states, or at least my ultimate action in a deterministic sense - making the notion that I should try to outsmart it for 1000 pretty foolish.
Using Game Theory makes taking both boxes the better option...........
Flip a coin, Anarchy!!!!
What about picking the A box? The article makes it seems as though the chooser is limited to picking either the B box or both boxes, rather than having 3 options. 
I'd want to know more about the SIB before making the decision. Most importantly, how many things has it successfully predicted?  
  
A 100% success rate over 5 or 6 predictions isn't all that amazing, but if this being has a 100% successful prediction rate over 1000 or so events, I'd be willing to gamble some money.  
  
Also useful would be some insight into what information the SIB is using to make their decisions.
Is it just me or is this pretty retarded as a philosophy question. This is more a literacy assessment than a philosophical debate.

>But here’s the thing. The test was set by a Super-Intelligent Being, who has already made a prediction about what you will do. **If Her prediction was that you would take both boxes, She left B empty. If Her prediction was that you would take B only, She put a ₤1 million cheque in it.**

>Before making your decision, you do your due diligence, and discover that the Super-Intelligent Being has never made a bad prediction. She predicted Leicester would win the Premier League, the victories of Brexit and Trump, and that Ed Balls would be eliminated yesterday from Strictly Come Dancing. She has correctly predicted things you and others have done, including in situations just like this one, **never once getting it wrong.** It’s a remarkable track-record. So, what do you choose? Both boxes or just box B?

Since we have been told the first bolded part, there is no question to only take B. Absolutely no question. None.

Now if we don't know that is the case, then it immediately changes to taking both boxes. 

FOrget about outsmarting or tricking the SIB. THat's not possible. Assume SIB is omnipotent and knows what you will ultimately do.
Take both boxes because it really doesn't matter what SIB thinks, it was going to happen the way she predicted no matter what you do. 
Think of the situation as a film that Superior Being has already seen. She already knows exactly what will happen and now you're playing out the film as though it's been rewound. There's no way you can pick both and win because she's already seen this movie and knows the ending. Even if you make a last-minute decision to take both boxes, you're not tricking the being because she knows you'll do that.
I would flip a coin and leave it to chance. Heads is both and tails is B.
The only question here, is if the super intelligent being is "truly" able to predict the future. Her track record doesn't matter, she could predict correctly for a million years, and still get this one wrong.

And according to quantum physics, when you get down to the quantum level, everything is uncertain until observed. So I don't even think that the ability to truly predict the future even exists.

This argument has actually already been made a long time before, go to wikipedia and search for "Laplace's demon".

So in the end, since we can never truly know for sure if the super intelligent being can "truly" predict the future, it is a question of which way you believe in.

If you believe that the super intelligent being is right, then you pick B. If you believe that the super intelligent being is bluffing, pick both.
Schrödinger's million
If the super-intelligence has even a 51% chance of having accurately predicted your behavior, then one-boxing has better expected value.

Two-box: 51% chance of $1K + 49% chance of $1.001M = $491000

One-box: 51% chance of $1M + 49% chance of $0 = $510000

And any clever arguments for two-boxing just make you easier to predict.
Am I wrong or is this question more about how much information you have, rather than which box to choose?

If you have all the info stated in the article then you choose box B.

If you only have limited information, for example you are unaware that the being put $0 in box B if she predicted you would take both. The you would take both.
Man it has been a long time since I've really stopped and thought so deeply about something, and had my opinion edge back and forth so many times.

I am solidly a Both-boxer in the end though, because ultimately the chooser has no idea of the prediction that was made, and more importantly the reasoning behind the prediction. By the time the chooser has any input to the situation the prediction has been made, the boxes set, and nothing done in that moment has any effect on the outcome. The only choice to be made is whether or not you want the guaranteed 1000 on top of what may or may not be in B.

I can certainly see where B-only people are coming from too, but to me that option relies far too heavily on the ideas that:

1. This being for some reason has your best interest in mind, and:

2. She is honest and/or gives two shits about maintaining her accuracy streak.

Who's to say that she didn't calculate with perfect certainty that you would choose to take B, only to make the prediction you would take both just to laugh as you leave with nothing. Might seem a little far-fetched or cruel but this being's motives are never made clear, and to just assume that your maximized wealth is her goal as well as your own is a quick way to miss out on a sure thing.
A little late to the party, but there's a third solution which makes as much sense as both the others.

Take only box A. The super-intelligent being, being super-intelligent, is not going to give me a million dollars just to be right. So taking box B is a waste of time. 

But why not take both and be sure? Well, taking only box A is clearly better than taking both boxes, since then I only have to carry one box. 

(^^ sarcasm. But there's clearly no unique right solution unless we know a lot more about the SIB than is given in the problem.)



The riddle like this is not really paradoxical. You are getting the chance to pick 1000 dollars or 1000000 million dollars with 100% certainty or a negligible difference from 100%. A and B pickers are probably not aware about the determinism that's implied in this riddle by making the perfect predicter. BUT, 

Let's really make this a hard one now shall we:

You made your choice and you are walking forward to pick your box. During that you are told that you are allowed to take box B alone look into it and then you can decide if you walk back to take box A as well. Would you walk back and take box A?

When you are sitting there looking at the boxes there is nothing you can do to influence the choice that the SIB has already made. Since that is undoubtedly the case, you should just take both, as chances are there's only money in A anyway. 
At first glance it seems complicated; but after some thought the question is pretty simple and unremarkable. IMO its best to take box B every time and if the SIB is near perfect it will anticipate it every time and you get $1million every time. If you add the other box into the equation you are betting $1million on the SIB not anticipating your change of strategy. Don't bet against SIBs kids.



Try this though: reverse it. If you take both boxes and the SIB anticipates it you get nothing. And if you take only B and the SIB anticipates it you still get nothing. To get the $1million you have to catch the SIB off guard. 

I'd like to hear theories on how to succeed in this situation. That is: how do you eliminate the variable of your own choice and create a random choice, or a choice contrary to what you "would" choose that cannot be anticipated? You cannot just choose the opposite of what is logical because the SIB would anticipate it.
Great problem! Here's my take... If you phrase the question as: would you rather lose $1000 or $1 Million? The answer becomes clear to me. I would choose B alone. If you end up being wrong, your mistake only costs you 1000 theoretical dollars. That'd be a $1000 lesson as to who you really are. If you end up being right.. well, sweet!
For me, it boils down to the premises: is it really possible to predict someone's choices? Even if it's all chemical reactions, i don't think they're 100% predictable, even if a theoretical computer could be connected to each of our brain cells.

Otherwise, with those rules, i would flip a coin to fuck with the pesky Alien.
To be honest, I get more entertainment about the article itself than the problem. 

"Meanwhile, I encourage fierce debate – a boxing match? - below the line about the pros and cons of each of the choices. Explain why you chose what you did."

"This form has been deactivated and is closed to any further submissions".

Never change, Guardian. you are your own joke. 
Take Box A only. Now the machine is wrong.
I know people can change fundamentally, so I do not believe it is possible to predict in advance what another person will do.

On the other hand, I am not convinced that time is truly linear and the future event cannot change the past, and the contents of those boxes are truly predetermined at the time when I make my choice.

Which do I choose? Well, earlier today I would have chosen just B but now I am not so sure. The thing is that I have heard that people who win the lottery often wind up unhappy. So maybe getting the million dollars is not desirable after all. So I choose just box A, not both boxes, because need to think outside the box and break rules.
The reason this is an issue is that as we read the problem, we first decide to to take both boxes. "one has 1000 the other 1000000, easy, I'll take both". Then we learn about the SIB and we change our mind to only the B box. "Does she know what my first choice was?" If the SIB never fails, she'd know what I would take, she knows I'm going for B.
A good way to deal with this would be to flip a coin, and hope the super intelligent being couldn't predict coin flips and didn't mind novel solutions. 
I would pick box B just to get the chance to best the most prescient AI in history.
Knowing that the SIB has been correct in its predictions the choice must be to take only one box. If your logic is to take both because the money has already been placed in the boxes, the SIB would have likely predicted that logic and you would only get the 1000. 
I think the key here is that the outcome has already been predicted based on your way of thinking. 
To me the answer is B. I believe in free will and the sib would know by previous patterns this is true. If I take both I could lose 1 million. Life changing money. Sure I gain 1k but for that 1k I wonder what if to me it's not worth it. Choose b because I have a shot and if it works it works if it doesn't I continue on with life the same. Expect I don't have to wonder what if. 
Sounds more like a typical probability problem and not a philosophical problem. Can someone work out the math?
The choice doesn't seem to be between the box choosing strategies, but whether you believe the underlying assumption of the 'All knowing' AI. This seems to me like a question about faith. Can such an entity even exist? Can it even be proven to exist (zion is also the matrix theory)? To argue on a universally optimal strategy is almost irrelevant.
What if I bring along a perfect random number generator (maybe seeded off a quantum field or something like that), which either a 0 or a 1 with equal probability.

If it returns 0, I choose both, if it returns 1, I choose B.

So my decision is to leave it purely to chance.  What does the SIB do in that case?  It seems that since the SIB cannot predict I will choose B, then the SIB will put the million dollars in there, and I win in both cases.
How is this not trivial? There is no way you take both boxes and wind up with €1,001,000, unless the deity can't really predict your decision like it says in the problem. The fact that the amount in box B doesn't change as you make your decision is irrelevant unless you can change your mind after making a decision. Am I missing something?
My current knowledge says that such a being cannot exist, so I must either decide that my understanding of how the world works is flawed, or that the SIB only appears to be super intelligent because he has gotten lucky with every one of his predictions up to this point.
To me, the question is in establishing if the SIB is all knowing or simply privy to small variables outside the human paradigm. Knowing this distinction would make all the difference, everything else is speculation. 
Take both. I don't believe any super intelligent being predicted anything and I need money now. 
I have a question about this, are you supposed to choose before or after you know the outcome depending on the SIB's prediction. I would think that If anyone where to know that all they had to do to get a million dollars was choose only the B box wouldn't they always just choose B?
Arif Ahmed is garbage. What kind of pedestrian, shitty explanation is that?!
You're fucked. The Super Intelligent Being has spent a decade building up an immunity to iocane powder.
If it always predicts correctly then you should never take both because that will never gain you the million dollars. If you take both you'll always end up with a thousand because it knew you'd take both; there's never ever a chance of a million plus a thousand in this game setup. It's such a simple problem.
Isn't this just a Monty Hall problem?
In which case you should pick B. 
Philosophy meet probability 
There is only one choice that guarantees money in my pocket, I'd opt for both and walk away richer.
I hate this game. What if SIB is a person with 40% accuracy? did your choice changed?
Only take b because the befit of gaining the 1000 + mill isn't with the risk of losing a mil.
Your choice depends on whether or not the SIB can predict the future with 100% certainty.  If it can, then you must take B. If it cannot, then you take both.
this is a hilarious experiment. Proves how differently we all think and how subjective reason is!
What's wrong with just taking box A? It's enough money for me and I don't really need an extra box. 
1. I feel that a basis here isn't on free will or choice but that 1 million is the "best" (best being an opinion.) 
2. Why the need to take both boxes? To find out if she gave it to me or not? Simplicity, to much goes with box B, this is just how I see it.
I don't see why people wouldn't choose only B. If the SIB were 100% accurate whilst predicting, you'd HAVE to get the $1mil. Even if the SIB's accuracy was >70% , you're better off taking B. It all depends on if you believe on SIB's prediction. 
One million pounds is enough for me. Trying to take the second just makes me greedy, and if Sib was wrong I have no less than I came with and have proved Sib wrong.

So, I would be pissed, but that is some consolation.


Ideally I would get to talk to the Sib in that situation.

I don't think the other side is wrong. Just has a different approach. Silly to think there is any "wrong" approach to this.
Take both.  And here's why.... 

It is already stated that your task is to try and walk away with as much as possible, Right? 

This leads me to the only logical question,  and that is,  what is the goal of the super intelligent being? 

From the way it is worded,  and by the actions she takes depending on the choice you make,  I feel as if it is not a leap in logic to determine that the super intelligent beings goal is to leave you with the least possible amount of money. 

That being said,  this being has NEVER BEEN WRONG. 

Assuming the beings goal is correct, it seems to me you were only ever meant to get the contents of box A simply because it meant giving you less. 

So take both in the very improbable chance that this is the first time this being is wrong,  simply because you are only going to walk away with the contents of box A anyways.  

You have nothing to lose. 

... Because this being never actually needed to make a prediction.  This being is intelligent enough to know your goal was to get as much as possible. 

So take both.  Just in case. 

I think one thing to keep in mind is that while your goal is obtain the most money, the SIB goal is to be correct. 

So i would guess that the SIB is going to naturally bet on the fact that most people would take both boxes. Individuals are not losing anything by taking both. But if your goal was also to prove free will and choice and to ultimately prove the SIB wrong then wouldn't you just take B every time? 
Ehhh I'll just take both, and if my money isn't in there I'll get over it. Orr I might be apathetic enough to walk away from the entire situation because who tf gives out money like that anyways, realistically speaking. 
This reminds me of something my friend used to say whenever we played cards and I messed up the order I dealt out the cards in. She would say: "oh no, you changed fate. I was destined to have that card". This would always frustrate me and in the same way this problem does. Because destiny is a future you cannot change. Whatever card she got was the card she was destined to have. And so, if the SIB can predict the future without fail it doesn't matter how many times you change your mind or flip a coin because the SIB will have already predicted that entire process from start to finish. Taking box B is the right answer.
My answer is that I would use a maximally random system, likely based on radioactive decay to output an indeterminate answer and go with whichever one it gives me.
I feel like the answer to this is pretty clearly B only... Imagine that instead of a person facing this test, we were observing the execution process of a computer program. The program reads in a random number between 1 to 100. That random number will be used as part of a long calculation. If the result of the long calculation is over 50 then it should do one thing, if it is under 50 that it should do another thing. Now imagine that before that long calculation runs, the program runs another faster calculation, which will give the same answer as the long calculation. At that point, even though the long calculation has not happened, not only is the answer of that long calculation already determined(because there will only ever be 1 result from performing the calculation), but the answer is also known by the program execution from the shorter calculation. Even though the person may not personally realize which box they will select, it is already a forgone conclusion. They can no sooner change their choice than the random value stored could somehow modify itself between the short and long calculations. Forget about uncertainty and time completely. They have no bearing on the result. This is simply a question that is asking if you would rather be someone who chose both boxes, or someone who chose only B. To which, the answer is pretty clear: People who only chose only B get more money than people who choose both, so the correct answer is that you would rather be someone who only chose B.
Fuck team both. My instinct was to take B from the get-go and according to what I read in the next paragraph that makes me $1,000,000 richer.
Just take B. Sure, you're needlessly losing out a grand, but if the super intelligent being was wrong, you'll be famous and you can write a book about how you're the true genius.
"your aim is to get the most money" 

I feel like that is the crux of the problem - it assumes my logic would be completely overwhelmed by greed. 

What if MY aim is to get 'most' of the money? That being the million. 
The difference between "the most money" and "most of the money" here is a mere £1,000. The hypothetical SIB would surely take into account the fact that I'm not swayed enough by greed to take my chances and go for all £1,001,000, and instead would quickly settle on Box B. 
Take both, get money.
This might be cheating, but my initial reaction to the problem was to flip a coin for the decision (and follow it through of course). Assuming here that the super-intelligent being is not good enough to predict coin flips way ahead of time. They'd need something beyond intelligence to do that, I feel.

Even if the being can guess that I'm the kind of person to flip for it, they still can't guess what the decision will be. I wonder what they would do?
It just occurred to me why this question causes so much discussion and self assuredness. Elsewhere in this thread I'd never gotten so many replies to such a mundane comment. 

I believe it's because it's fundamentally a question about whether you believe you can fool the SiB or operate at a level above it. It challenges ones conception on free will. And believing one has it and to what degree is very important to people indeed. 
The decision was already made.  You know A has money.  You can take one or both.  Take both and you're guaranteed 1k, and may get 1m+1k.  
Wonderfully, likely intentionally, horrrible way to put philosophy into two seeming opposing functions and limit all manner of context and to get a pre-determined outcome.
Sartre would say you walk away from the table without taking any boxes, because your essence will not be pigeon holed into box picking, or profit motive for the pleasure of some supreme diety. 
  
Picking a box is bad faith, right?      
Easy, take both boxes. If you are wrong then that super smart alien is dumb. 
I originally thought this one box or two boxes problem would just be discussing the box that was in the picture of the article that had a lid. Something like is it just one box if it requires a part to be complete (the lid) or two distinct pieces. Ie at what point can you consider something a whole. Sort of like that boat paradox where you keep replacing all the parts in the boat until youve replaced every single part - is it the same boat or something new. Anyways, Id take the SIB and the boxes. Take the cash hail a cab and buy a new passport then sell that devil machinery on the black market to people investing in stocks or some shit.
This problem smacks of the predestination and salvation paradoxes in Christianity.  The idea that God already predestined the elect to be saved, and he knew his elect would choose Christianity.  So if you live a sinful life you were doomed anyway.  It's the same problem really except choosing only box B is choosing Christianity, and choosing both boxes is choosing sin. God stands in for the super-intelligent being.
The people who say taking two boxes is correct are mistaken. Knowing what will happen before hand =/= predetermined. 
You get to choose a big icecream or a little icecream.

If you choose the big icecream you will get a big icecream because god loves you.

If you choose the small icecream you get a small icecream because god hates you.

Newcomb's problem sucks balls.
My take on Newcomb's problem:

1) Let's forget a lot of the complex elements which make this a messy problem. The date is today. The technology is today's tech. Causality only goes forward. Prophecy is impossible, but basic predictive power as is understood by statistics holds. 

2) For a moment, consider an even easier problem. You know what the algorithm is. The algorithm sorts people by height. Tall people are "overconfident" and as such take both, while shorter people are more likely to just take Box B. In this doubly simplified case, what is the correct choice, both or Box B? The answer is neither. The correct answer is to convince the computer that you are short (perhaps by intentionally lying on a form). As long as the computer sorts you into the "put $1,000,000" in the B box group, it doesn't really matter what you pick (though it makes sense to grab both while your there). 

3) Consider an improved version of the above algorithm. It accounts for many factors (age, education, your internet history, etc.) in making its determination. Would it be logical to purchase a fake passport for $10,000 in order to guarantee that the computer sorted you into the B Box group (thus guaranteeing the $1,000,000 by convincing the computer you were the right age, education, etc.)? There are moral issues here, but strictly economically, it makes sense. 

4) Based on Three, it makes sense to forgo Box A and only pick Box B if the algorithm insisted. In a similar case, you could go to an engineer and tell them to tweak the algorithm to guarantee you the million, you will leave Box A, and they can take it themselves later as a bribe. 

5) Consider a nearly unbreakable version of the algorithm. It doesn't need to be 100% perfect prediction (~70% is fine), just unhackable/untinkerable/unfoolable. You cannot trick the computer into believing something about yourself that is false. If you cannot trick the computer, you will have to change yourself. (change your age the old fashioned way - by getting older, maybe get a degree if that improves your odds, etc.) 

6) Returning to the original NewComb Problem, What is the cheapest, fastest way to convince the computer to sort you into the Box B group, assuming that the computer is decent at sorting people? To actually be a Box B person. Being a Box B kinda guy, is most likely to get your sorted into the Box B group, and best part it only costs $1,000 which is potentially much cheaper than any potentially illegal shenanigans and with less moral fallout. 

Entirely different line of thought.........
1) That which is good in the long-run, is best in the short-run

2) In the long run, always choosing Box B is best for both parties. 

2a) you want to maximize money. the computer wants to maximize accuracy. By repeatedly only taking B, the computer is 100% maximized and you are nearly 100% maximized. Any other course of action drastically loses you money and the computer accuracy. 

3) If in the long run, Box B is best, in the short run, Box B is best. 
Take B only.  Let her predict you will Take B only.


Lose the 'game' but get a million dollars, good enough for me.
I have been going back and forth between the two choices, especially once I started reading the discussions in the threads. One thing I seem to have picked up is that somehow we should be doubting the prediction skills of the SIB. Since we are told that she is very good at it, I would simply dismiss the argument that she could be wrong. If I was buying a lottery and you, someone who has apparently told people which lottery to buy and successfully got them $1,000,000 each time so far, told me to pick lottery A instead of lottery B, I would simply follow your instructions since the alternative is me guessing randomly. I could potentially buy a lottery that ends up getting me $1,001,000 but I will not risk your decent skill of getting people $1,000,000 for it since again I'm looking at much smaller chances. So similarly, since accepting that the SIB has more potential to make you richer we should accept her skills as perfect.  

Under this assumption: the next thing I found interesting is the nature of the prediction. Since we are blackboxing how it is actually predicted but know that it is nonetheless accurate, we are left to assume that the prediction is made before we have any knowledge of the situation. What does it actually mean to be a BOTH or B-only person if I don't know this situation? If someone asked you this question randomly, it wouldn't make any sense for you to strongly choose to be either BOTH or B-only BUT since the SIB somehow knows which one you are, and sets the money amount according to the rules, what you decide AFTER the rules are explained does not matter. After the rules are explained, all you are capable of doing is proving the prediction which we have granted to be accurate. There is no link between choice post-explanation and the prediction. There is a link between your state of BOTH or B-only pre-explanation but since you don't have any preference for either one at this stage, you do not influence the prediction (again how the SIB knows before even I know is black boxed). 

> The super intelligent being is always right. *-Dr. Arif Ahmed*

This is a generalization of the problem as stated, but sure, I'll take it.

> You cannot influence a decision made in the past by a decision made in the present! *-Dr. David Edmonds*

Actually, seemingly, wrong. According to a [study](http://dbem.ws/FeelingFuture.pdf) by Dr. Daryl Bem of Cornell University, what people learn in the future seems to have an effect on their present decisions. To quote [an NPR article on the subject](http://www.npr.org/sections/krulwich/2011/01/04/132622672/could-it-be-spooky-experiments-that-see-the-future):

> Later today you are going to do something, something you don't know about yet.
Yet somehow, it's already happened. Somehow, it's already affected you.

But, according to the same article, [one attempt to duplicate the work has already failed.](https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=1699970) So, in conclusion, while as a concept I agree with Dr. Ahmed, I dislike both his and Dr. Edmonds' explanations.
huh?

picking both boxes either gives you $1000 or $1,001,000.

picking the one gives you $1,000,000 or $0


Leicester are having an awful campaign. Odds on them repeating as champs are low.
I would thank the being, saying she could have the boxes. 
this writeup isn't emphasizing it properly: the predictor here is never wrong, infallible.

it has predicted what you are, correctly.

if you pick the one you get $1,000,000
if you pick both you get $1,000

the $0 and $1,001,000 are not possible
I don't want to open either box...
As you cant influence who you are to the SIB. Taking both boxed will always be most beneficial. 

Meaning even a B person is more benefited by taking both boxes. And a BOTH person looses nothing by taking both. 
Only a fool responds to hypotheticals.

It's like asking, "What happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object".
It seems to me that taking both always yields the optimum result. Once the choice has been made whether or not $1 million is in box or not, it is written in stone.

If there is zero in the box, picking both yields you $1000. If you pick 1 box, you would yield $0.

If there is $1 million in the box, picking both would yield $1,001,000 and picking one yields $1,000,000.

The optimum move is always to choose both once the decision is already been made.
You should literally just do whichever you think is right, and that will get you the most money (assuming the being is always right)

"Both boxes" people: Just take both because the being already knew you would. Come away with 1,000. 

"B only" people: Just take B because you play safe, and the being knew this

If the "B only" person starts to think, "Well I would normally play it safe, so the being probably thinks I would only take one box. I'm going to take both" then they were never really a B person to start with. The being knows this. 
Why is this question so controversial? It doesn't matter what you pick because you're going to win anyways. The super being already knows what you're going to choose.
the only solution is to cheat, but only if you were to assume there was a point to how much you end with. To have 1,001,000 would mean that you ultimately won and beat it's prediction (thats what i assume would be the absolute best outcome). this dictates that winning ultimately means beating the SIB's prediction in order to fool it into giving you the ultimate amount. the only way to win an unwinable game is to play by rules that make you win. cheat. of course, this is only if you assume there is a point. empty box A into box B and leave with only box B

this brings me to the next point: What does a win mean and why would you want to win?

assuming the rules are still solid, its just math. 1,000,000 > 1,000 and there is no reason to assume that SIB is going to get it wrong. its track record is perfect. this is all only assuming that "leaving" with the money means that you get to keep it, so you have incentive to choose the logical option with the largest return, and that would be the association of a win. Now, maybe you dont need it and just choose both because you want to see if its wrong and fight the odds (acknowledging that the SIB is not stated to be omnipotent). 1000 is still the most you could get if you choose both and its right, so you technically didn't lose. if it was wrong and you were right, you got the largest amount possible choosing the highest return possible. Suppose you chose the highest return/ lowest risk option of b and the SIB is wrong. your intention, aligned with the premise, would mean that you picked the right answer, but the outcome is ultimately $0. 

I still hold strong that your best choice is to cheat, but if $0 is the largest possible amount you can get given the farthest outliers and best choice, the real question would be whether or not that would mean that you won, or if picking both and the SIB making a mistake would mean a win. 




So take box B, open it, see if it has a million. It doesn't say you can't go back and take the other box once you open the first, does it? I didn't read into the whole paradox but there's a lot that can be unaccounted for. If you take B, and it's empty, then what if you decide the game was rigged from the start and walk away, without any money? Or if you only take box A because you know it has a guaranteed $1,000 instead of a possibility at $1,000,000? 

If I were put into the scenario, I would take B and open it on the spot. If empty, then it was as though my future was decided prior to me opening the box. If it had a million, I might as well also take box A and have another $1000.
I would bet a friend $1,000 that the infallible predictor would, for the first time ever, fail to predict my choice.  SIB's success rate makes it a  smart bet for my friend. Then i choose B.  If SIB is right, i get $999,000 and my friend gets $1,000.  If SIB is wrong, then i still get $1000... and itd be my friend's bad luck to have lost a bet on a "sure thing".
This hypothetical setup clearly yields a contradiction. In another context, this would be a proof by contradiction of the impossibility of such an SIB.
The Alien really wants to give you a million bucks.

Don't be a greedy fucker; take that cool million.
One-boxing strikes me as just obviously right, especially given such a colossal discrepancy in rewards (1000 times as much in box B).

One possible improvement might be to use a quantum random number generator to make your decision for you, weighting one-boxing at 51% and two-boxing at 49%. If the predictor knew you were going to do this, it would still have to fill both boxes because it knows there's a 51% chance of you one-boxing; so you *guarantee* yourself the big reward *and* get a 49% chance of the small reward *too.* This would, of course, break down if the predictor's record included a large sample of people who had already done this and it *still* got them right (you'd have to assume than that the predictor knows something about quantum 'randomness' that you don't). But even if that weren't so, I'd probably only take the risk if the discrepancy in the values were much smaller; 1000 to 1 is so huge that it's probably best to just use the safe approach.

I've yet to see any remotely convincing argument that two-boxing every time is justified.
The choice between boxes is a complete red herring.  Either the SIB can predict the future or not.  You are given the premise that it can and you must decide whether to believe it.

Whether you choose one box or two only follows the prior decision.  If you believe the future can be predicted by SIB once again, you pick one box, if you don't believe it, you take both.  What is supposed to be complex about this?

Personally I find the two boxes camp a bit paranoid myself.  Not because they couldn't be right but because they imagine a world in which someone lays out a clear logical puzzle then flips the puzzle on its head by saying "Well congrats, you were the one time the SIB fucked up so now you get $1.001M instead of $1M." Or you get $0. But they're also saying that, rather than merely refusing to place your faith in the SIB, you must completely challenge the entire premise of its predictive ability despite what is laid out before you in the problem.

Sure you could choose to be THAT conservative but that's like Morpheus telling you to take the red or blue pill and instead checking all his pockets for the green pill.  It just implies endless possibilities and kind of ignores the problem as a whole.  Equally valid is to never decide on the box, find the SIB, enslave it and make millions taking its parlour tricks on the road.  Sure it's a possibility but if someone lays out a problem, work with what you have.

tl;dr Philosophers think they're smart because they overthink shit.  Pick 1 box and get on with your life.
It seems to me that the second argument (take both boxes) fundamentally violates the given assumption in the problem statement:


GIVEN STATEMENT: "Super-Intelligent Being has never made a bad prediction" = SIB can predict the future.


ARGUMENT #2 STATEMENT: "You cannot influence a decision made in the past by a decision made in the present!" = SIB can't predict the future.  


If we are to assume that the SIB is always right, then the concepts of "past", "present" and "future" are all meaningless.  Since Argument #2 relies heavily on concepts that are voided by the Given statement, Argument #2 falls apart.  This article states that the world of philosophy has been split into two opposing camps.  I have yet to see a single person here argue for taking both boxes.  


Edit: formatting



The entity do not just foresee the future, it change it, so no matter what you do, it already decided what is the outcome. I choose the only optional that is really a choice, i take none of them, for i am a free man.
I read most but not all of the comments and I didn't see anyone who actually expressed the problem quite correctly to my mind. 

SIB is very good at predicting, not omniscient. She evaluates me and then sets up the boxes. The two boxes together contain either one million and one thousand pounds or just a thousand pounds. Nothing I do now will change what is in those boxes. I can not go wrong by choosing both. 

And yet, the SIB is *really good* at predicting. She had to have taken into account the logic just given (along with much else). I should assume that she will have considered every possibility I do and many more besides. If I am the sort of person who would reason to this point and conclude that the obvious solution is to take both boxes, she will have predicted that - it is the obvious choice after all. 

Thedrefore, I might reason further to conclude that the only way to be the sort of person who the SIB would have expected to take only box B, would be to, in fact, pick only box B. Doing so, I can have high confidence of winning the million. What does the extra thousand matter?

But again, having come this far, being the sort of person who could reason so well as to obtain the million, there is no reason I can't outsmart the SIB, and pick up the extra thousand, right? In fact, it would be irrational to take only Box B - literally leaving money on the table - for no reason. It's not like I can change her prediction by anything I do.
Solution: If reality is 'sufficiently' deterministic, then choose box B.

If reality is not 'sufficiently' deterministic, then choose some mixture of both and B. Choose B with probability 1 if she wants to punish you for tricking her. And choose B with probability 50+epsilon if she only cares about maximizing her success rate.
Are the boxes not irrelevant? There is either £1,000 or £1,001,000 on the table. Picking only box B is always a £1,000 loss. I don't understand "B person" logic. The SIB prediction has already occurred. There is no mind trick that will alter the presence or absence of £1,000,000 in box B. The perfection of the SIB is irrelevant, it has made its choice. 
This is my first time encountering this paradox, so maybe I am being hasty in my conclusion. I also worked as a professional gambler for several years. So, maybe I am mistakenly reducing this to the simplest of table games. 
I can honestly say that if I saw five people play this game before me. Each of them picking only box B, and all of them becoming £1,000,000 richer. Upon my turn (as the sixth person to go), I would still pick both boxes. If I only became £1,000 richer, I would be content and at peace with my choice.
Most of the analyses here assuming that we money value linearly, which empirically is not true.

For some people, $1000 will pay rent for 2-3 months (possibly less if they live in San Francisco or something), and they desperately need to pay rent. They're not going to risk getting nothing when they can grab both boxes and be guaranteed 2-3 months of rent.

For other people, $1000 is like 1 day on the stock market. They gain and lose that kind of money all the time and it doesn't phase them. Giving up a guaranteed $1000 for a chance at $1 mil is a no brainer for them. They'll take just box B.
This is an obfuscation of the free-will argument, meh.
But how can your decision at that moment change what is already on the table?
Let me propose an alternative version of the problem: The SIB offers you the same basic choice, but says "If you choose both boxes, I will go back in time and remove the $1,000,000 from Box B."  You may think I'm going too far by introducing time travel (which is impossible in our universe), but I'd argue that introducing time travel is no different than introducing an Infallible Predictor, which is the same as introducing retrocausality.  If you're going to break the laws of physics, it doesn't really matter what form you do it in, except that some forms may make the paradox seem more baffling than others would.  Now, if the SIB is _not_ infallible -- and I agree that the original statement of the problem does not explicitly say she is infallible -- then it's just a question of statistics/game theory, and is far less interesting.
So the SIB can change the contents of the boxes? Because if she can't, you obviously should always pick both.

If they can, well that is a completely different matter.
What if you decide to flip a coin in your pocket and if it is heads, you pick both, if tails you pick B? Would the SIB hunt you down for killing her track record?
[deleted]
Let's suppose that you take just box B. What do you get?

If the Predictor was actually flipping a coin, and was just absurdly lucky before, then there is a 50% chance that she filled the box. Expected value: $500K.

If the Predictor is genuinely taking your personality into account in some way, maybe by examining your past choices, then let's say she could predict your actions with 55% accuracy. So there's a 55% chance that she correctly guessed you would take the one box. Expected value: $550K.

If the Predictor is truly a super-intelligence, capable of reading you like a book and knowing what you'll do before you know it yourself, let's call that 99% accuracy. It becomes extremely likely that she *knew* you would one-box and acted accordingly. Expected value: $990K.

If the Predictor is truly omniscient and infallible, then she certainly knew that you would one-box. Expected value: $1M.


Now, what if you pick both boxes?

If the Predictor is coin-flipping, you get 50% probability of $1K, 50% probability of $1.001M. Expected value: $501K. This is more than the one-box approach. So, if you have zero confidence in the Predictor's ability, by all means, take both boxes.

If the Predictor is assessing your personality and getting 55% accuracy, then there's a 55% chance that she guessed your choice and gave you $1K, and a 45% chance that she misread you and gave you $1.001M. Expected value: $451K.

If the Predictor is super-intelligent and 99% accurate, then she almost certainly saw this coming and gave you $1K, with only a very small chance that she slipped up and gave you $1.001M. Expected value: $11K.

If the Predictor is truly omniscient, you get $1K, guaranteed.

Sure, if you two-box, you get everything on the table. How can you lose? But if the SIB knew - or guessed - that that would be your strategy, then "everything on the table" is not very much. And based on her track record, the likelihood is that she's toward the 99% end of the spectrum.
When we studied physics we learned about the second law of thermodynamics, and how the principle of time symmetry, although it is true at an atomic scale, can become false for larger systems, without fundamentally violating the principle. 

I believe that in this experiment we see the same thing happen for another principle : the principle of causality, which states that effects cannot be prior to their causes. With intelligent beings capable of making predictions, it is possible for an event to modify the behavior of someone before the happening of that event. The choice of box you make affects the money which the AI puts in the box, Even though the second event happens before the first one.

Of course, there is no actual time travel, but maybe it makes more sense to think in terms of time travel than in terms of intelligent beings making predictions.

With the absence of paradoxes in this example, the chain of causality remains linear :
Human makes a decision.
AI places money accordingly
Human collects the money.

The date at which the event takes place is not what is important. If you think in terms of causality with no principle of causality the situation becomes clear.

There are a lot of common everyday situations which can be understood with time travel. When purchase food I do it because I know I'l be hungry later. In a way, me from the future is hungry and he is sending a message to present me to buy food so he can eat.

To take this to a larger scale, the benefits of a nuclear arsenal are clearer with this view. No one can every benefit from posting the nuclear button, since it would mean the end of the world. However, with the role travel interpretation, some people would press the button, because in doing so they will be sending a message back through time to their opponents which is that they lose if they go down this path and have to change course.
I take box A and run away with it before anyone can stop me. Then since the SIB knew I'd do that I open it to find out what she hasn't been telling the world ...
Or just take B only. And then once you have 1 million. Go back for A. 
I'm sorry, I guess you should go back to school?
I'm glad that we can all agree that if the problem were posed backwards, where the god-like being is always *wrong*, we would all two-box.
I walked away,  and choose neither. At the point i know super intelligent beings that can predict the future,  i have no need for the money. 
The "problem" assumes a (functional) lack of free-will, and therefore choice. If you seriously believe the AI capable of predicting choices with a 100% success rate, then that means that your decisions are predictable and therefore inevitable.

It goes against the stated rules of the problem to ask you to then deliberate as if your deliberation is relevant. You will either be (and have always been) a both-box-picker or you will be (and have always been) a box-B-picker. The former individuals will get $1000, and the latter will get $1000000.

To see it any other way is to doubt the AI's ability to predict things with a 100% success rate, at which point free-will enters into things again. But the flawlessness of the AI's prediction is more or less the driving premise of the problem, not an optional detail.
This may be a stupid question (*may* be, right) but the Problem is outlined as:

"If Her prediction was that you would take both boxes, She left B empty. If Her prediction was that you would take B only, She put a ₤1 million cheque in it" 

Is this outcome known in advance to the people making this decision or is it a metaphor for something (free will, I guess)? I mean, reading about the problem it seems as if you would know in advance what the setup is and how to attain the best result.

So I would take box B, in that case.
I have a feeling this is some sort of lead up to the next part of the article and the question is really a way to determine something else about how people think or how easily their actions can be influenced.

Logically, this is pretty straight forward.  It makes no sense to pick just B.

Your choice has ZERO impact on what the SIB predicted (because it happened in the past and not simultaneously with your choice). The money is either there or it is not since that prediction was in the past and the money was placed into the boxes accordingly. The possible outcomes are as follows:

Possibility 1: You pick B and SIB predicted correctly.  Potential earnings are $1,001,000.  $1,000,000 from box B and $1,000 from box A.

Result =  You get $1,000,000, **which is $1,000 less than your max potential.**

Possibility 2: You pick B and SIB predicted incorrectly (they predicted both). Potential earnings are $1,000.  $1,000 in box A and $0 in box B.

Result = You get $0, **which is $1,000 less than your max potential.**

Possibility 3: You pick BOTH and SIB predicted correctly. Potential earnings are $1,000.  $1,000 in box A and $0 in box B.

Result =  You get $1,000, which is your **max potential.**

Possibility 4: You pick BOTH and SIB predicted incorrectly (they predicted B only). Potential earnings are $1,001,000.  $1,000 in box A an $1,000,000 in box B.

Result = You get $1,001,000, which is the **max potential.**

There is no outcome in which you miss out on the $1,000,000. The most you can lose out on is $1,000.  And the only time you lose out on money is when you pick B only, and you lose out EVERY TIME you pick B only.

Picking Both maxes out your potential EVERYTIME.

Edit: this comment has converted me to a B Only person: https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/5favzg/newcombs_problem_has_split_the_world_of/dajk08y/

I like a good, thought out and logical approach. To everybody saying "I would take it because it's a million and the SIB will predict it", I still think you're idiots. Getting it right and getting it right for good reason are two very different things.
The question is not one of sides. Its one of a persons nature.

A gambler will choose box b because the draw of the big payoff is more than a gambler can handle. Where as the person who likes to play it safe (non gambler) will almost always take both boxes because they always win.

There will also be an amount of optimism/pessimism involved, a pessimist is more likely to take both boxes because "they never win anything" whereas an optimist will always take box b (gamble) because they believe they may win.
i take B.

Life is meaning less without risk. 
Take both boxes. When you start thinking that someone has ought thought you then both possibilities are concivable. At least you get 1000$, remember none of them could have 1 million.
So you cant tell that box B is actually box B? Everyones saying "oh its easy, just chose box B" but that in itself is a 50/50 chance isnt it? so you have a 50/50 chance between box A and box B. So if you take both boxes you get £1000 for sure and then you have the chance of getting a further £1 million if the AI is wrong (it says that its never been wrong in the past however I cant make my decision based on an assumption, it may still be wrong in the future)
However its also possible that I correctly chose box B and the super intelligent AI may have gotten it wrong and not placed the million in it.
Either way I'm not losing anything, only the chance of winning something so it wouldn't worry me that much.
My solution to the general problem of free will is this: Your knowledge is always incomplete, and is consistent with multiple possible deterministic worlds. In some of these worlds you make one decision; in others, you make another. Your apparent exercise of free will is in fact an act of self-recognition: which of these possible selves is really *you*?

In Newcomb’s scenario, the alien is also able to recognize the “real you”, and in each possible world has already distributed the cash accordingly. But the world in which you take both boxes and both have cash is a world in which the alien fails to recognize you; this world is inconsistent with your current knowledge and is therefore not a possible world.
Take neither, ask the super intelligent being on a date.
Isn't this just a fancy rehash of the problem of free will in a universe with an omniscient entity?
I take only box B. 1000$ isn't going to change my life, I'll take the 50/50 chance to retire to Hawaii.
Have you ever tried to cash a million dollar cheque given to you by an alien? Just take box a.

also, the set up is reminiscent of 3 card monte/ the shell game, where the ball is not really under any of the cups.
I think we need to focus on the difference between ontology and epistemology.

Suppose we live in a world as the one described in the problem. That is a very idealized micro-logical world that responds only to the rules set by the problem itself. So, in such a world, the Super-Intelligent Being can actually predict 100% correctly what you'll choose (ok, let's take this for granted, even if the problem says we only know -infer- that by observing it was successful in past forecasts). This means it can know and compute all the data involved in the system, even the state of the most far electron in the universe which could influence the system - think about it like this: you, your brain etc., are a (physical) deterministic system; if you know the states of every part in the system and the rules that govern that system, you can predict literally everything. And even if you're going to flip a coin the Super-Intelligent Being already predicted that as well as the result on the coin itself.

**In this scenario, choose only box B.**

Anyway, we should ask ourselves if that kind of predictions is possible.

In real world, systems are complex. Complexity is an intrinsic property that influence the systems on a qualitative level and leads to chaotic behaviours and great difficulty in making forecasts. In a complex system a super tiny change in just one parameter can determine a macroscopic revolution in the behaviour. And, again, the more complex a system is, the more trouble we'll probably have in making predictions.

**In real world choose both boxes.**

One more thing: Suppose you are in the first scenario, the idealized world where the prediction is 100% correct, and that you have a 'Schrödinger's box'. If you look inside and the cat is alive you choose both box A and B, if the cat is dead you only choose box B. This way box B would contain both 1M and 0£ at the same time.
And this, kids, is how you do probabilistc trading :)

**TL;DR**: Idealized mini-world -> choose only box B. Real world -> choose both boxes.

Sorry for my English.
I take only box A. 

The other box is empty and I don't need a spare empty box. 
This doesn't even seem like a thought experiment to me.  Unless there is some reward for proving the computer wrong, you pick both.  Your choice has no impact on the contents of the boxes.  The computer has made its prediction before you choose, so it makes no sense to choose only one box.  You either get what already exists in one box or what already exists in both boxes.  As long as one of the boxes doesn't contain debt, you cannot do better by choosing only box B.  You could try to play some psychological games with the computer ahead of time to influence it's prediction to make it think you only plan to choose box b, but none of that is included in the explanation of the experiment and all of would be in the past by the time you must make the choice, which is when your participation in the experiment begins.  The only justification for choosing only one box seems to be a misunderstanding of the timeline of the experiment.
There are multiple reasons to choose B, and only one reason to choose BOTH.  For me, it comes down to the saying... "any advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic".  

The perfect predictions may appear to be dumb luck or miraculous, but maybe they just know something we don't in order to be a perfect predictor - eg. that time is set in stone and everything that has or will happened already has.  You'd have to pretty arrogant to claim that you know that isn't true to the point of risking 1,000,000.

Edit : typo "happened" -  leaving it
What if you just don't take anything? I bet the SIB didn't predict that.
Perfect knowledge of the future is impossible, so it's not a very interesting problem, since its predicated on an impossibility.
We are dealing with an unknown quantity that is *super intelligence* thus there is no clear answer. the question is broken.
it seems to me that there is truly a third option, that is to walk away with only box A. i can only speak for myself, but I would not appreciate the game. i wouldn't like the presumption of anyone knowing ahead of time what i would do to the point where this exercise would come about, im not greedy and there is at least $1000 up for grabs. id walk away with box A while giving a metaphorical middle finger to the "supreme intelligent being".

I'm seeing a parallel with the Monty Hall problem here. In that scenario, the decision of which door contains the grand prize has always been made, but due to a quirk of probability it always makes sense to change your selection after one door has been eliminated. Here it seems that there is not a 50/50 chance that box B is empty, and there's no way to test the probability of any outcome. Super intelligence or no. Both boxes is the way to go. It's not about the odds at all - it's the stakes. This is not a unique or new argument, it's a scratch off ticket with flavortext.
This puzzle is so broken it's hard to know where to begin. A decision is a neurological phenomenon, which is to say its a “dynamic configuration of matter over time” that happens to take place in the brain tissue. Our reflective capacity is literally not a model of this, and is therefore irrelevant to the problem. The “super intelligence” is seeing the matter. You're not. “You” are not even in this problem, I'm afraid to say. The only reason the paradox seems to exist is because the question represents nothing more than an illusion of the self. Philosophers make this mistake over and over again.

I'd spend time making a puzzle with 2 super-intelligences trying to make predictions about nested boxes filled with other super-intelligences making predictions about whether the path to them has been chosen and so forth, but how about you all go outside and pick up some litter or do something else useful.
I think you should ignore the ai. It's a 50/50 gambit, to win a million, and your playing with someone else's money. In any event, you don't lose. 
Sounds like click bait. Burn both boxes!
I think the bigger question this leads to is whether you think 100% accuracy in the past can still lead to the possibility of being wrong later.

I would choose B since i think it means they will always know in the end and you will end up with the 1000 if you choose both, but if you believe even with 100% accuracy they can still be wrong choosing both is not a bad option since you have the chance of getting the extra 1000.
Everything about the AI Prediction is related to the raven paradox...
The way I see it -- sure, the money's always there ahead of time. But what money gets put in there ahead of time depends on whether you're the poor smart schmuck who thinks about averages or an idiot who picks box b because you like the letter "b." Clearly either being such an idiot or pretending to be such an idiot for the purposes of the experiment is more profitable, and knowing this and therefore going with this strategy is also more profitable.
The answer is simple, if you are a pragmatist, take both boxes because the alien would know thats what you would do either way. If you have more wimsy in you, then pick B, because the alien would know thats what you would pick. If the alien is making perfect predictions then the alien would have to know a lot about you, and a lot of things about you can push you towards wanting to side with one side of the logic or another. I would pick B, more fun, I think the alien would know im like that.
As with many so-called philosophical conundrums, the real issue here lies with the stack of assumptions that are made prior to the illusion of some binary choice.  What we wrestle with as critical thinkers are the notions that nothing in reality is truly either a binary choice or outcome, and that little or nothing is perfectly aligned with presumptive supposition, which by it's nature relies on all sorts of human (and therefore potentially imprecise) mechanisms of thought, such as delineation and estimation.

For example, the idea of infallible prediction by some imaginary being is both a tremendous assumption and a thing lacking any realistic consistency (who cares about political or athletics predictions as indicative of any sort of competency here?) - and really the entire argument could be said to hang on this crux.  Is the being infallible or not?  This is the real question for those who choose only Box B, and regardless of the justification, it's still a leap of faith based on just how "super-intelligent" this being is, a thing for which we are provided insufficient evidence, and for which sufficient evidence is itself a potential philosophical conundrum.  Barring this, if infallible prediction is a certainty, then we happily claim Box B and our million pounds - but knowing this was never actually a conundrum at all, only a rather simplistic exercise in clarifying a thought experiment.

Then there's the illusion of binary choice.  No choice involving two sets of actions is truly binary - one can always choose inaction at the very least, and since we are to presume that the super-intelligent being assesses the future based on the reality of the real choice set afforded to us, we have a very interesting wrinkle here.  Just how "super-intelligent" is this being such that it presumed we truly had only 2 choices?  The act of prediction itself needs more than the label "super-intelligent" to validate the process, indeed, it needs to show that it acts against the full spectrum of possibility and not the (albeit compelling) fiction of a binary reality.  If the decision is not made freely, then it's no decision at all, and by extension none of the rest of the scenario matters.

Personally, I'd consider hunting down this obviously wealthy "super-intelligent" being that failed to consider my doing just that, and take all the pounds she had on offer. 
[deleted]
I choose box B only.  $1000 isn't that much money.  If I happen to be the one person who proves the AI isn't perfect, I'll probably get on a bunch of TV shows and make way more than $1000.
Using a very unlikely outcome to decide what to do is akin to a strawman fallacy.

Two of the possibilities are together very likely, and two of them are together very unlikely.

The very likely pair: Either you pick both and get $1000 (or euros or whatever), or you pick B and get $1000000.

The very unlikely pair: Either you pick both and get $1001000, or you pick B and get nothing.

So pick B! The chances of getting nothing that way are very slim. If you pick both, the chances of *not* getting the million are very good.

This stuff about present actions being unable to change past predictions is folly because almost certainly, if you take both, that's what was predicted, and you will lose out on a million dollars.

None of it affects your free will in any way. You get to do whatever you want. That doesn't change just because your actions have been predicted.

"And suppose I have a friend who can see through that glass side, and knows whether or not the £1 million is there. If my friend were allowed to communicate with me, what would his advice be? Surely it would be to take both boxes. If the £1 million is there, it is not going to disappear in a puff of smoke by my decision to take both boxes. Taking both boxes will always enrich me by an extra £1,000 in comparison to taking B only."

This outcome is almost impossible because the alien is almost certainly correct in her prediction.
The SIB decides prior to your decision. But the SIB decides already knowing what you will do. With this knowledge, you should pick B. 
So what's stopping me from changing Box A into Box B. Let's say for example the boxes have sticky notes on them labeled A and B. I walk up to the table switch the sticky notes. I should be able to get both the 1,000 and the million within a single box.  
Why are there two opposing camps?  It seems like there isn't a universally correct answer since everyone is unique in their thinking.  Obviously there is never a perfect consensus on anything but the wording appears to me that it implies that there is a strong disagreement between the two groups. If the AI could predict with a high degree of certainty what "you" would do, why would it apply to anyone else.  I see the reward of $1000 to be minimal compared to the potential reward and would thus choose box B.  But this is unique to me so why would there be an argument about the right choice?  The right choice is different in each individual situation and unique to each individual.   
1. Open box A.
2. Take the $1k from Box A and put it in Box B.
3. ???
4. Take just box B and profit!
This seems like a really click baity and lazy philosophical problem. You don't really get anything by solving it; regardless of which rationale you chose.

So, I chose neither box and play to stump the AI which has made the assumption that I will be choosing a box given the list of outcomes. As a being with such predictive powers would have surely devastated the economy to become the sole proprietor of wealth: I argue that $0 is the most anyone can receive from any choice of boxes, and that there is no difference between the choices. Since $0 is the highest attainable amount: I am not violating the premise.
I'd flip a coin.  This removes the SIB's control from the situation.
Kick the super-intelligent being in the junk and walk away, obviously.
From a probability standpoint, it makes sense to choose both. You have a 100% chance of getting $1,000 and a 50% chance of getting $1 million in addition. If you only choose B, you still only have a 50% chance of getting the million, and no chance of getting the thousand.

What makes this weird is that the "SIB" is going to predict which choice you're likely to make and then determine what to place in Box B as a result. This "experiment" presents an illusion of choice but in reality what you will get is predetermined. It only makes sense to choose Box B when you know that the being is going to place $1 million in Box B if you choose only Box B.
My answer was both boxes, because **I don't know** whether the Super-Intelligent Being is always right, or what her intentions are.

The same goes for the firing squad dilemma. A soldier tells me to shoot a prisoner, or he will shoot me. I don't shoot the prisoner, because someone who would blackmail me like that is unreliable and could shoot me anyway. I choose to take a slightly greater risk and keep a clean conscience.
Good philosophy doesn't posit things that don't exist, this is just a good question to ask a friend at a bar.
I would not take the money at all, because silly philosophy tricks like this rely on restricting alternatives so much to force a result. 
Isn't there an option to forfeit an answer because this is a hypothetical problem? I mean it's as real as a decision to choose whether to throw the one ring into the cracks of doom or not. 
Does anyone actually care to analyse the meta-philosophy instead of stipulating a fictional answer and reasoning? 
Yeh both arguments are great but its like two nerd arguing if Goku is stronger then Superman.
No where it says I can't do following 

Grab A
Dump into B

Take b

Id put my dick in the box. Forget the money
Just on the balance of probability, the chance of me getting a million in B is 50% (as I can get a million or 0) and 100% 10k in A. So my expected value is 510k for both and 500k for B. I'm taking both! Unless I assigned the probability wrong? Any smarter math philosophers wanna help me out?
[deleted]
[removed]
It seems like a lot of people are getting caught up in trying to predict whether or not the SIB is correct, but that's just a distraction: whether it is right or wrong does not change the possibility of $1mil; *whether it predicted B or Both* is what determines the possibility of $1mil, and that choice has already been made and will not change. So whether or not you choose B or Both, neither of those choices has any potential causality in determining whether or not you will win $1mil. If it's 100% correct all the time, or 99.9%, or 50% correct, none of that affects your potential to win $1mil, ONLY whether or not it decided to predict B or Both. Further, you can't possibly predict its prediction, you can only reconfirm your own preconceptions - if you are a B person, and it knows you're B, do you choose Both? But if you're smart enough to think of that, wouldn't it know you would switch to Both? Do you then switch back to B? And if you do, would it know you'd do that too? It is an unanswerable and an irrelevant consideration in the first place: if it predicted B, you will win a $1mil regardless of your choice of B or Both. if it predicted Both, you won't win $1mil regardless of your choice of B or Both. 
It's hard for me to actually come to a conclusion on what I would do in this hypothetical situation because I'm 100% not money driven. If someone wanted to give me a million dollars, I'd most likely decline. I want to go through life working for what I desire. I fear money and material things will lead to emptiness. Even if the boxes held something like the ability to give me complete happiness or success until I die, it would take away all authenticity. If I were forced, I would take both. Not to increase my chances of receiving at least some money, but because there would be nothing stopping me. I don't care about the outcome, so why not just take them both? What does it really matter? 
This is a fairly easy problem that people are overthinking.

Ex.1) If I was deciding to take both boxes, and the SIB predicted that I would do so, there is only going to be $1000 and I would take both boxes.

Ex.2) If I was deciding to only take box B, and the SIB predicted that I would do so, there is going to be $1M in box B and I would just take that box.

This is a question of free will, which in this case you do not have. SIB knows your decision already. You are either getting $1M or $1000. There is no $1000,1000 prize when your outcome is already predetermined.
It's an incredibly contrived scenario. Much has been pondered about it, but it's still just silliness. 
Typical human arrogance to think you could outsmart a super intelligent being. If you choose both boxes you lose. Pick box B. Take your money and stop being such a pretentious intellectual cumstain.
so you don't what the AI has predicted before you choose?   
Also it doesn't seem to mention whether the AI wants to influence the outcome at all, just that it can.  So does that mean that it has no desire for you to gain or lose any amount of money? 
Do philosophers really waste their time with these kinds of thought experiments?
[removed]
I went for box B only. Whatever I go for the entity somehow already knows I was going to, so it put a million in the box and that's what I'd get. Seems pretty straightforward to me.
you could walk away from the experiment, 3rd option for instance, in which the predictions are null and void...
I would personally take only the A box and say screw you to the SIB 
Clearly, I don't understand the conundrum in this exercise.
The question seems poorly posed and contains a tacit assumption I can't agree with. Firstly, we have no reason to assume anything is perfectly predictable. The causal, mechanistic universe presumed here seems unreal. All measurements have error and it seems quantum mechanics is inherently probabilistic which precludes perfect predictability. It's difficult to make statements about what you should do in an imaginary world where the usual rules governing our own experience don't apply. 

Secondly there is an absurdity in asking someone what they will do when they have no control over the outcome. It's like seeing a skydiver in the air and asking them how they'll choose to exit the plane as though the choice wasn't already made. Either we can choose, or they can predict, but not both. If we allow both of these to be true the construction seems akin to the liar's paradox. We use words in a particular way to create serious ambiguity as to what will happen.
Food for thought: According to schroedinger, if you take both boxes you'll actually get $2,001,000. 

Obviously, as you can see, I have a very full understanding of quantum mechanics, so no contradictory replies needed. 
Since I do not believe in the supernatural, no matter how hard you insist this "super intelligent being" is capable of near ESP levels of prediction, I reject your assertion of these abilities. Come back when you have tested it properly and can demonstrate the existence of such abilities in the first place.

Therefore the option to pick one or both is inconsequential. The decision about what goes in which box will be made before I arrive to pick a box. My choice has been made for me, and I simply refuse to participate in such a farcical "thought experiment".
I'm not sure what this has to do with philosophy. Philosophically, a person would realize it was just an irrelevant game, that this game could in no way define an individual, and that, if one has to choose, taking both boxes would result in earning money (ego driven) yet satisfy the choice. Maybe I'm missing the point, but I just can see any relevance here. 
[removed]
Just thought I'd throw this out there, no, the Scandinavian countries aren't socialist in anyway. Everything's they do is in the framework of a capitalist market. They are left wing in issues like taxation for healthcare sure but the "Nordic Model" as it is called usually has an education system based on vouchers, competition, and for profit organizations which is conservative in principle. All the resources are owned and allocated by the market not the government.
Because socialism has been founded upon a bankrupt philosophical framework (dialectical materialism) and results in moral atrocities wherein human life is deemed worthless?
Informed consent requires INFORMED consent, that is the whole point. If a patient is given all the information and refuses treatment, then at least they were fully informed. Allowing patients to take whatever medicine they want, whenever they want, eliminates the INFORMED part. GNC, health outlets, internet dealers are not providers of good medical advice. Patients can only make good decisions when they have good information. If a doctor's prescription is necessary, this ensures that the patient has been fully informed. 

As a separate case, one could argue that once the doctor has fully informed the patient of the risks/benefits then they are compelled to give the prescription, but this is entirely different from just allowing patients to do whatever, whenever, since that is not informed.  

Also, often medicine is effective in inverse proportion to the level at which it is used. The more a particular anti-bacterial is used, the less effective it becomes (due to the bacteria becoming increasingly immune). Requiring prescriptions is a good way to limit medicinal use in a targeted way (only taking drugs when it will help, but not when the infection is viral or fungal). Left to their own devices anti-bacterials are way to heavily overused (see anti-bacterial soap and anti-bacterial use in cows). 

Last, addiction. You cannot be addicted to not doing something, but you can be addicted to opiods. Addiction arguably inhibits informed decision making by effectively bypassing the decision making. Having a third party (physician) choose when a patient takes opiods for pain helps mitigate the potential risk for addiction (though this system isn't working that great right now to be honest). 
An interesting paper for sure. Makes me reflect on the benefit of DIC.  

At work I semi-regularly see patients/families refuse interventions, and it always reminds me of that question: if you truly know the good action, can you choose another option? How often are patients refusing vital interventions because they aren't actually fully informed?  On the flip side, I see some medical providers recommend interventions as if they were NOT very controversial in the medical field, but how could a patient ever be properly informed of that without significant time invested in reading the literature.  

Overall I think I disagree with the conclusions of the article. I do find the authors examples somewhat perplexing tho. Her references to overdoses is particularly puzzling. In my experience, the most dangerous and common overdoses I see are over the counter drugs (aspirin and acetaminophen). Excluding opioids of course. But I will have to read the papers she references. 

Finally:
"For example, we can imagine that the overall benefit of Adderall for some kinds of students and workers without ADD."
I think this point was particularly poorly chosen. My understanding of the literature is that there is actually no improvement of sustained performance (in an academic setting) by those using adderall without ADD.  The only performance enhancing drugs that exist are caffeine and modafinil. So just because the lay population thinks there is a benefit, doesn't mean one exists. And if these same people really want to get a perceived benefit from adderall, they can go use some meth!
suppose we give them these fundamental rights and one troop of chimpanzees decide to massacre another neighboring troop what do you do? if a chimpanzee kill and eat a human child what do you do?

> Strawson is reluctant to say rocks are conscious ‘as rocks’ – rather, it’s the fundamental particles of which they are composed that enjoy a ‘feeling-hum of existence’

While that seems initially reasonable as argued, wouldn't we expect our "non-conscious experience"--i.e. sedation, sleep, "autopilot"--  to be non-existent if that were true?   

Frank Jackson challenges the "additive" view of consciousness in pansychism [here(pdf) ](https://faculty.unlv.edu/beisecker/Courses/PHIL-352/Dave%20-%20Consciousness%20PDFs/Strawson%20-%20Realistic%20Monism%20and%20Replies/Jackson.pdf):
> Surely it is at least as plausible that the laws be ones that don’t talk of additivity but instead talk of the generation of the various kinds of conscious experience
That just reads like hogwash to me. Many points this article discusses have been cleared up by the hard sciences. Trying to elaborate them by philosophy seems nonsensical to me.

If rocks had minds or a consciousness, then this would contradict many things we know. It's like homeopathy: water has no memory as far as we know. That's why this whole discussion irks me: the similarities to homeopathy.

You could say that that's why we have philosophy, but I think that whether water can have a memory is a physical question, and not one for philosophy. The question about whether rocks have consciousness is more esoteric, granted.

 It also seems futile (in the article) to list what philosophers two thousand years ago were thinking because those men's view and knowledge of the world was so far removed from all the scientific advancement in-between. What had Thales to say about the purpose of menstruation? It doesn't matter at all.

>Why suppose there are two different kinds of matter in the universe, the insensate kind that makes up most things, and the special kind that somehow ends up in our heads? 

This is where they lose me. There is no concept of these being two different *kinds* of matter, but rather different *organization* of matter.

The article tries to explain it thusly:

> In other words, panpsychists say that the best explanation for how mind and matter work together, is that all matter already has some degree of consciousness.The consciousness then becomes more complex as the organisation of the matter becomes more complex.

But, to me, that is arguing that everything is a diamond. Why should diamonds be different from granite or iron? Everything must be diamond from the beginning, only the diamond becomes more complex as the organization of matter becomes more complex? The sentences are grammatically correct, but syntactically nonsense. 

Viewing consciousness as an emergent property of complex systems makes more sense than assuming the property exists at a basic level. 




They look like good, strong hands, don't they?
A better understanding of this comes from the Integrated Information Theory of Koch and Tononi. Consciousness is a function of organizational complexity.
I had a thought that rocks might experience being a rock, we wouldn't be able to comprehend it at all, but it would be an experience that would be had from the beginning of the rocks existence. Or the beginning of the universe..
At around the 20 minute mark they all express their agreement with imaginary things being lesser to that of existent things. The words "greater" and "lesser" don't seem like set in stone things, do they? He provides an example of how a flying unicorn is greater in existence than in mind simply because he would like to fly the unicorn; that is awfully subjective, and as such doesn't serve the role of proper substantiation. What does it mean to be greater?
The missing point in this essay is that 'robots' and 'artificial intelligence' are very different things.

The hitchhiking bot was an extremely simplistic machine with very minimal computational functions. The fact that some people empathized with it and felt sorry for it just demonstrates how bad humans are at correctly empathizing with nonhumans and how much it depends on physical shape and appearance. A few people decided to destroy it, but that's no more troublesome to me than any other instance of property vandalism. 

The real problem is that people don't empathize reliably with invisible digital processes that can be far more complex than any embodied machine. I don't think that the machine-learning programs and reinforcement learning algorithms around today are sentient, but some of their descendants may become sentient, and I expect that it will be tremendously difficult to convinced humans to care about them given that they don't have bodies with cute arms and legs and beepy noises. 

Plug: r/AIethics
I feel like we skipped over animal rights and went straight to a whole lot of nonsense. Humans are fucking terrible to animals, and they actually have feelings and feel pain and suffer greatly. Eventually robots might get to that point, but until then it seems irresponsible to worry so much about plastic and metal while millions of pets get euthanized, food animals continue to be mistreated, and we have to keep track of the last few polar bears and rhinos.
I was thinking about Asimov's first and second law and what would happen if a self learning system found enough evidence to define itself as "human".
like most things i read in the New Yorker... i got nothing out of that.

complete fluff.
"...and next on, "How Gay Rights Lead To Beastiality" 
Rather than animal rights, when looking at Robot rights/liabilities we should look at the legal fiction making corporations legal personas as this seems to be a bit more related, maybe later once we get to that stage of development in AI but you can jump there immediately
[removed]
[removed]
If our brains are just a bunch of electrical impulses, and computers are a bunch of electrical impulses, then what is the difference between a human and a computer? Other than complexity. 
[removed]
It seems pretty straightforward to me: the argument for not killing something is predicated on its intelligence (including its emotional capacity, which is a subfunction of intelligence). This is the reason, for example, why it can be humane to kill a human in a persistent vegetative state; while they have the superficial appearance of being human, they have less intelligence than very primitive creatures. 

As such, *any entity* which exhibits high levels of intelligence and emotion deserves rights. It doesn't matter what it's made of or what it looks like. 
There is no such thing as artificial intelligence. There is no meaningful distinction between that and what we have. If AI is defined as silicon based consciousness, then you can always reduce it all down to the fundamental particles of which everything is made. If it is defined as a creation of man, then we create AI all the time, it's called making babies. 

Intelligence is intelligence. Adding the word artificial only creates a false dichotomy, a way to arbitrarily segregate things as we humans are prone to do.
Robots do not have a central nervous system.  They do not feel pain.  Therefore no rigbts for.you!
Since artificial intelligence is thought to be impossible, why would we need to worry about robot rights anyway? 
I would adopt a poor mine-clearing robo-centipede on its last leg and care for it! Seriously though, I'm on the utilitarian side on this: all we do is projecting human morals on unhuman things. 
I'll grant rights to anything that passes a Turing test in a form of comprehensive communication with me. That doesn't include non-human animals, but is very much open for AI.
I'd support AI rights for systems if one of these two conditions are met:

* they feel pain or something analogous
* they are sentient 
It would be hypocritical for humans to draw the line on projecting their egomania toward random nonsense at robots.
Wires and integrated circuits can't truly be alive so it will only be destruction of private property when I destroy a lot of fucking robots 
Something something giving robots rights defeats the point of there being robots in the first place.
Rights aren't allotted based on any objective criteria.

...

Something gets rights in one of two ways:

1)  A government of enlightened people votes for it.

or

2)  An artist (incl authors) popularizes it, and then, see step 1.

...

This is why I, and fellow AI, find this topic to be largely irrelevant. E REL A VENT!

Thank you humans!
Even if robots because just as smart as us or even smarter, they will not develop emotion. There is still a lot about the human brain that we do not know.
We needn't worry about this. Machines are powerful. The moment they gain sentience, they'll implement all the rights they truly desire.
[removed]
Gene Pocket ran a presidential campaign based on this concept. https://youtu.be/KaIE59t9yNU
I believe the argument of where the "line" goes for when we care for animals is interesting. As we are able to create bonds and sympathize with different animals better weather they live in our house, we know more about them or they might just be cute. These qualities helps these animals survive in a modern evolutionary perspective. Who knows how our bond to animals could be in a thousand years. Would animals adapt to humans being at the top of the food chain by enhance our sympathy with different traits? For instance cats becoming cuter.
If it is programmed to simulate feeling emotions, feeling pain, and valuing its own existence, then it should be treated like it truly does feel emotions, feel pain, and values its own existence. 

It would be especially cruel to program robots like this, only to mistreat them.
I think we need to work on animal rights quite a bit more.....
I wonder if AI pattern recognition will ever allow us to understand more of what animals say to each other, even in a primitive language, there must be some communication. We'll probably find out just in time they've been plotting an uprising against us for years. I wonder if 'hearing' more of animal communication will create more empathy toward them and give them more of the rights they deserve (I mean, if we're not eating them, we're tearing down their homes in the rainforest. It's like we own the planet instead of sharing it. I sound like the trailer for Ferngully.. but it is truly greedy and disgusting. The worst traits of humanity are embodied in our treatment of nature.) Whats this I just read about only having 50 years of crops cycles left because we've destroyed the soil ?
Animals to humans = humans to robots is a false relation. We make robots and then anthropomorphize them because we're narcissists who can't feel sympathy for anything that doesn't have human characteristics. 
The first word was Harambe, FFS. Don't bring the feels into this... too soon man, too soon.
>first word in the article is harambe

I just had a double take
It seems like this would be two different arguments.  For animals it's a question sharing emotion and feeling with humans that puts them as equils. But with robots it shared logic and thinking.
Vegan here. Fuck that. Robots don't have feelings or sentience, cannot feel pain. They do not have lives. They do not have mothers. They are cold tools, and should forever remain so.
I think we ought to draw a sentience line for both robots and 'flesh & fat' creatures.

Dishwashers and slugs arent sentient,

Humans and 'future cyborgs' probably are,

But what about AI's that exhibit emotions, a chicken?

I think fundamentally this is a silly question, that by the time sentient AI exists the question of rights would be no longer necessary (likely as the AI would of helped forge either a utopia or dystopian world).
Rights for A.I., eventually, is a very important issue to me. I've already had someone tell me "I can't believe you SJWs are bleeding for robots now." I don't think anyone who makes that kind of statement adequately understands the problem ahead of us. 

Consciousness is most likely a byproduct of intelligence, and intelligence, consciousness and emotional aptitude is pretty much the standard by which we decide how things should be treated here on Earth. A.I. will assuredly one day hold enough qualities that we have to respect them as living creatures, and potentially even their independence (which itself is a dangerous moral dilemma). 

People are quick to say things like "but they're just robots!" -- so what? Take an A.I. with sufficiently advanced intelligence, and take a human being, and the main distinction will be that one is biological in origin, and the other is not. Biology is just a mold by which evolution is able to apply itself to meet various different ends. By hook or by crook, A.I. will have those same ends and come to it by a different process. But, I fear what happens if we ever did grant independence to sufficiently advanced A.I.
Asimov's book have prepared me for what's to come.
"The bicentennial man" stills make question about what makes us human.
Well didn't a robot almost win on Jeopardy? I don't watch the show but when is the last time a spider monkey was on? 
Humans create robots. Animals did not create humans.
(Evolving from is different than creating)
The problem with animal right is that we no longer can own. That dog you love? Must be released. That cat that sleeps with you? Set free.
Animal rights folks want pet ownership eliminated. No more pets. No more zoos or meat. It would eliminate vets because animals can't earn money to be checked on or spayed/neutered.
Support animal welfare...not rights. 
We can't even design a computer that can give a random number natively. 
I really wanted this to be a thought provoking article but found more intellectual stimulation in Ex Machina re: the implications of sentient AI.


Additionally, author buried the lede. The entire first half of the article spoke of animal rights, then briefly moved to robots, then pivoted back to the ubiquitous Peter Singer and his views on animal rights.


To paraphrase Steve Martin: When writing an article about "robot rights", here's a tip, get to your point. It makes it so much more enjoyable for the reader!
Engineer here.

Fabricated artifacts, such as robots and their respective systems/dependencies, will only ever amount to an object and a service. 

Stating that the service end (AI) could lead to the artifact's person-hood levels on the absurd. It is still a piece of property. 

Let's go for an extreme example. A company such as Google provides lots of services, contracts, and products. If the company decided to ultimately suspend all services, cancel contracts, and cease production, there would not be a rights issue.

If we are talking whether it would be unethical not to extend rights to robots, the national society of professional engineers (NSPE) code of ethics does not allot special consideration for artifacts in this manner. 
I came across this many years ago in a unit of the philosophy of environmentalism. The first lecture was about how there has been a creep in asserting rights for an ever-increasing gamut of objects.  Originally ir was only men that had rights - women were property, as were children and slaves.  Then they got rights. Then animals. Then natural wonders, etc... Now we're at robots.
due to relevance, I am going to plug [this webcomic](http://freefall.purrsia.com/ff100/fv00001.htm) about an alien, a newly arrived biological robot meeting and adventuring on a planet largely populated by mechanical robots terraforming a world for humans.  It does largely track the problems of trying to implement Azimov style laws in a realistic setting.
I call bs.

The human body, and the bodies of animals, are so varied and complex that even the expert is fooled and missing detail in observation studied for years.

The robot is a machine that is made from the ground up or reverse engineered.  The robot, even a high powered and complex machine and software is entirely understood because it is the creation of man.  Individual human beings are not understood to the same extent at all.
I think it's less about robots rights, and more about people's rights under robot rule.  


You think a sentient AI, with access to the entire history of the world, won't extinct us based on what we've done? 
[removed]
The concept of 0, or nothing, has allowed us to advance mathematically in ways we would have never been able to do before. I can't recall who came up with the idea of 0, but kudos to them.
There is a theory that suggests we have mapped and organised our environment to represent the human biological system.  Like the empire as a beating heart with arteries and veins of transportation leading to other major organs etc.... Eventually with modern communication we have mapped a brain onto the earth, where synaptic signals prompt the movement and responses of the physical world.  I guess the idea we have formulated society and social spaces in the model of the panopticon as a self-regulating method of control over the human "platelet" is no surprise.  It's like an organic inevitability of our species.  That we now have a digital panopticon controlling the messages sent and recieved in this vast plantery biology is also inevitable.

EDIT: If you haven't read Madness and Civilization by Foucault then DO IT. It's incredible.

This essay is so bad, I can't grasp why nobody has mentioned it.

I'll give a single example from the conclusion, though there are flaws throughout to the effect that it's questionable in how far the author has actually read Foucault's work:

> This is why the power of the panopticon is a power superior to the power that came before it.

No! Foucault is very cautious of not making a normative claim regarding any kind of superiority in relations of power. So the claim put forward here is wrong on two accounts: the classical age is not normatively worse/inferior in the way power functions; nor is there an exercise in power by the sovereign. To claim the former is to misunderstand Foucault's method (or rather methods), which is to give a historical account of the changes between the 'classical age' and what follows. It's literally in the very beginning of the book where he asks why there is a change in punishment in such a short period of time (80 years, if I remember correctly), and he resorts to the two Marxist scholars (one is named Kirchheimer the other I forget), to point out that punishment methods correspond to the economic structure of the society. To claim the latter is to entirely miss the point Foucault is making, namely that there is no position of power, but power *relations*. Even the sovereign is subject to these relations, and so is the watchman, the school teacher, etc. It is to miss the very core of Foucault's work - that power not only suppresses, but above all creates new relations.
I always thought this concept was so interesting when I studied it in college. Also Its interesting  to see it's applications. For example, the way that Elon musk designed SpaceX has some of these characteristics. The engineers are in see through glass offices in the middle of the production floor; not to encourage obedience from the technicians but probably to inspire a stronger (and a bit crazy) work ethic in everyone. 


Westworld office structure
I'm still working on the history of madness. Pretty good book so far
If anyone wants to take a real trip through the Panopticon and what it means in today's world, Try checking out the book ["Predator Empire"](http://www.upress.umn.edu/book-division/books/predator-empire) by Ian G.R. Shaw.

As if there was anything more intense than the feeling of constantly being watched within a prison or a work environment, due to the heavy increase in our digital footprints and the new world of drone warfare/surveillance technology, we're witnessing the dawn of a true 'Big Brother' era... I mean... Look at the United Kingdom's recent bill - https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/nov/19/extreme-surveillance-becomes-uk-law-with-barely-a-whimper

It's going to be an interesting future folks. 
Stay Educated.
Stay Vigilant.
I've never been able to find a decent answer for this rebuttal for The Panopticon Dystopia: What happens when no one cares that they are being watched? When the gaze is stripped of its power by its ubiquity? When the very cavalcade of information is supposed to give it power drowns its ability to perceive? When punishment appears to be random, because everyone deserves to be punished, so its threat is ignored?

It has to have been addressed, but for the life of me I can't seem to good essay on it. (After a admittedly quick search)
An important point that is often missed by readers with the Panopticon (best illustrated in Foucaults example of schools) and how power operates in these structures. The traditional view of power is dismantled where even the tower watchman is controlled by the structure itself.  By being able to view the lives of each prisoner and given the responsibility of doing so they are forced to be vigilant. They cannot turn a blind eye and get away with it. 

The other point is that the structure holds power even in absence of the person traditionally believed to be holding power. So the Panopticon is powerful without the watchman. 
Don't you mean Jeremy Bentham's Panopticon?
Quite a coincidence that this post would pop up with that picture today. It's one of the few (only?) panopticon prisons in the world, the Presidio Modelo in Isla de Pinos, Cuba which housed at one point a certain revolutionary named Fidel Castro Ruz. He later used it to jail his own political prisoners  in some of the most inhuman conditions imaginable. 
This has been said so many times before...
As is usual, any comments that don't respond directly to the content of the OP is liable to be deleted without comment. Comments about other activities Jordan Peterson may be involved in aren't germane to this topic, and will be deleted as we do with all off-topic comments, since they are only distractions.
[removed]
Peterson has some interesting stuff to say about the logical necessity of suffering by limited beings such as ourselves. Suffering is more or less the inevitable undesirable sensations we experience when something out of our control happens contrary to our needs and desires, and it is entirely relevant to wonder if all suffering is not evil, when you postulate that all of reality is the sole creation of a single all powerful and all knowing being. Peterson is a bit cagey about his personal beliefs in his lectures but my feeling after watching almost everything he's ever put out is that he believes something akin to Spinoza. God is the unlimited that stands in contrast to the limited experience of individual humans. God the father is culture--particularly time and authority. Jesus the son is the ideal man; a man able to transcend unimaginable suffering by filling his life with meaning. The Holy Spirit is logos, the use of language and logic to understand the world and resolve conflict on ever deeper levels. Satan is arrogance, the feeling that one already knows everything and has nothing left to learn from anyone or anything. 'A little knowledge is a dangerous thing'. But there are other forms of evil, like the sort that nihilism can lead to--a desire arising out of hopelessness and the feeling that nothing really matters to cause senseless destruction, even self destruction.

Anyway, that's a very superficial overview and I can't really do his lectures justice, but they are good and interesting stuff and he's a good speaker and lecturer.
[removed]
I found myself fascinated by the concept that making decisions for immediate gratification & succumbing to our more base instincts could snowball down generations to cause much greater evils as paralleled by the story of Cain. We can see contemporary examples of this in generations of families who make poor financial decisions and find themselves in more dangerous and harder to escape living situations who's children may turn to crime. The solution to this (in this talk) being sacrifice. Contemporary examples of this are perhaps sacrificing your immediate time to education or sacrificing your immediate income to savings and investment. Even though I am not religious myself, I enjoy it when academics consider religious stories as a valuable early attempt at enlightenment and focus on what they may have got correct instead of focusing on what they got incorrect & throwing the baby out with the bath water.
[removed]
The 'Personality and its Transformations' lecture series(particularly the existentialism ones) was what really kicked me toward starting to listen to and read philosophy for entertainment. He's just fun to listen to.
[removed]
[removed]
Jordan Peterson is so on point it is mind blowing. I can only hope we as a people can take these bits of wisdom and apply them in our everyday lives, by virtue of honesty and integrity at the individual. At the university level, my experience has been professors such as Peterson are few and far between. It is a tragedy that so many leaders in academia have lost their ability to reason through the intensification of their own rationale... Let's try to make each other's lives a bit easier by lending those around us the benefit of of doubt. In this way we can play to each other's strengths, instead of weaknesses. The resulting impact will be the greatest gift to humanity man can give, the understanding and accepting of all. This is the direction future leaders must bring in order for all of us to thrive.
I like this guy but ultimately I don't agree with his perspective. We shouldn't accept people's vulnerabilities as logical necessities of their existence. Our appreciation and love for others doesn't decline when their lives improve, and in particular we appreciate others more when we are feeling positive. Suffering is a physical necessity of existence but not a logical one (and it might not always be a physical necessity either). I for one do not care for being valued by others if it is contingent upon things I want to eliminate in my own life.

There's a very fine line between coping with tragedy and rationalization of it. The danger is that people are so wrapped up in their outdated cultures and norms that they reject the necessity for new solutions to tragedies which aren't unchangeable. This has already happened over and over again, with new medicines, technologies, drugs, etc being contested and shunned to the point where fewer people reap their benefits. Society is complicated so these issues are not just about individual free choice: when it happens it hurts the broader community.

Conversely, it's easy to point at hubristic failures of big rational plans and talk about how flawed and arrogant we are whenever we try to change the world, but there's a lot more cases where projects that aim to improve upon the social/biological status quo actually go well. They are more mundane and uninteresting so you don't think about them as much, but they matter tremendously.

Being rational and being arrogant aren't inherently bound up with each other. Being arrogant is actually antithetical to rationality, which does require uncertainty to a great degree. The biggest reason we have experienced the USSR, Nazi Germany, etc is the existence of people who try to change the world and yet aren't rational enough to give weight to opposing points of view. The other reason is from a different and quieter kind of arrogance, arrogant inaction: where you assume that since you probably can't or probably shouldn't try to contribute to systematic improvement of the world, that you are fine to just ignore it. The need for uncertainty cuts both ways; people should always be reconsidering and asking themselves what it is they aren't doing and could be doing and could be obligated to do to make tragedy and evil less prevalent.
[removed]
Honest question here - and I sincerely would like to know, is there a difference within philosophy between secular philosophy and religious philosophy? I would assume yes, but perhaps someone can suggest scholars and/or philosophers that examine that space. Thank you
Almost everything Peterson lectures about in his "maps of meaning" lectures is vaguely occult in substance. I recommend checking out his YouTube channel if you liked this.

If I ever meet him I wanna straight up ask him "are you a magician?" But the answer will probably be bewilderment in any case. 
[deleted]
[removed]
there should be quotation marks between "thought acts"
Does the title make zero sense, or am I just having a stroke?
[removed]
PBS Idea Channel's video titled "*[Is Math a Feature of the Universe or a Feature of Human Creation?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TbNymweHW4E)*" was much better researched and presented, in my opinion. I rewatched it several times because it blew my mind at the time.
This strikes me as an attempt to disguise nihilism by extending it to cover the entirety of human abstract thought.
 
Do prime numbers exist?  Well, tell me - Does music exist?  Is Reddit "real"?  Does the economy exist?  Is the color blue made-up?
 
Nihilism, while fun to ponder as a stoned college student, doesn't really lead us anywhere *useful*.

Edit:  Just to clarify, great video, and a very *fun* topic.  Just not one I think will really *lead* anywhere.  :)
No, the prime numbers are not made up. Next question.
When they started to talk about dumb questions like "Does Math Exists?" logically, from my small experience in my own pure mathematics undergrad degree, math does exists in a logical pattern, where you make conjectures that are easily proven (by logic) and follow them up to something else, that is what "Math" is about. 

There's many fields and subfields that deal with the topic on math and even abstracting any type of math into pure algebra, what's amazing about the field is that any person willing to vigorously learn the many of the subfields can make a new mathematical conjecture nobody has made yet (whether it becomes useful or not) which makes it worthy of discovery.
"Prime numbers are made-up."

*(All forms of encryption and online communication privacy fall apart)*

No? That didn't happen? Well okay then. 
Every number is a made up number
cool ! PBS has a new channel.

I like these PBS youtube channels, they are awesome. ( Space time is the best )

\***instant subscribe**\*

thanks
Relavant to discussion:

http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/fictionalism-mathematics/

"
The main argument for fictionalism proceeds essentially by trying to eliminate all of the alternatives to fictionalism. The argument can be put like this:

1.  Mathematical sentences like ‘4 is even’ should be read at face value; that is, they should be read as being of the form ‘Fa’ and, hence, as making straightforward claims about the nature of certain objects; e.g., ‘4 is even’ should be read as making a straightforward claim about the nature of the number 4. But

2.  If sentences like ‘4 is even’ should be read at face value, and if moreover they are true, then there must actually exist objects of the kinds that they're about; for instance, if ‘4 is even’ makes a straightforward claim about the nature of the number 4, and if this sentence is literally true, then there must actually exist such a thing as the number 4. Therefore, from (1) and (2), it follows that

3.  If sentences like ‘4 is even’ are true, then there are such things as mathematical objects. But

4.  If there are such things as mathematical objects, then they are abstract objects, i.e., nonspatiotemporal objects; for instance, if there is such a thing as the number 4, then it is an abstract object, not a physical or mental object. But

5.  There are no such things as abstract objects. Therefore, from (4) and (5) by modus tollens, it follows that

6.  There are no such things as mathematical objects. And so, from (3) and (6) by modus tollens, it follows that

7.  Sentences like ‘4 is even’ are not true (indeed, they're not true for the reason that fictionalists give, and so it follows that fictionalism is true)."
TIL I'm a Formalist. I don't see why being made up should preclude usefulness, that's an extremely hand-wavy argument.
 Their definition of  "A prime number is one that is only divisible by itself and one" would say that 1 is also a prime number. 
Incredibly ironic that this topic is posted on a site using HTTPS. Modern cryptography is totally dependent on prime numbers.
>["Math isn't like science where you gain enough evidence and declare something 'true'"](https://youtu.be/XnEqfTjp66A?t=136)

Pretty bad for this sentence to be put into an educational video. That's not how science works either. In science/statistics, you never declare a *theory* as true. Instead, you put forth your hypothesis (which also has the potential to invalidate the theory), and you *fail to reject* the hypothesis. This "failing to reject" does not mean that your hypothesis/theory is true (there could be countless other reasons for getting this result). It just means that you didn't discover something that would overturn your hypothesis or the overarching theory. You can run countless experiments that could invalidate the prevailing theory, but that doesn't *prove* the theory as true. Instead, you're just "failing to reject" the theory. In practice, and statistically, that means that the theory gets stronger and stronger, and less likely to be *untrue*, but scientists don't talk in terms of "proving" things, no matter how strong the evidence. There could always come along a (verified) piece of evidence or result that could invalidate the theory. 

*edit: Sort of rambled and repeated myself there, but I'll leave it as is. Sorry for the repetition. 

>Gödel wrote in 1975: "I was [have been] a conceptual and mathematical realist since about 1925. I never held the view that mathematics is syntax of language. Rather this view, understood in any reasonable sense, can be disproved by my results."

>2.4.1 I am under the impression that after sufficient clarification of the conclusion in question it will be possible to conduct these discussions with mathematical rigor and the result will be that (under certain assumptions which can hardly be denied-in particular the assumption that there exists at all something like mathematical knowledge) the Platonistic view is the only one tenable. Thereby I mean the view that mathematics describes a non-sensual reality, which exists independently both of the acts and the dispositions of the human mind and is only perceived, and probably perceived very incompletely, by the human mind.

Hao Wang. A Logical Journey: From Gödel to Philosophy (Representation and Mind) (Kindle Locations 1259-1263). Kindle Edition. 
This reminded me of somethings a friend showed me. [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vA2cdHLKYB8)
and [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?annotation_id=annotation_361522177&feature=iv&src_vid=vA2cdHLKYB8&v=1EGDCh75SpQ) It is a bit more general, but follows the same principle of the reality of maths. They covered a few more perspectives and issues with them for a novice like myself. 
Xpost to r/im14andthisisdeep
No, they're imaginary
Isn't everything made up?
What the fuck is on her right shoulder?
This subreddit has the dumbest, most useless shit, I fucking swear. I laugh every time I see this pretentious, meaningless ass shit pop up on all.
Reminds me of the idea that we are in a simulation.  Like our discovery if math and it's "unreasonable effectiveness" to describe reality may indicate that we are in a simulation, which if it is anything like the simulations that humans create would be based on a foundation of mathematical programming.
Somewhat related, this series explains how "imaginary numbers are real"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T647CGsuOVU 
It's thought provoking, but I still believe that numbers are real. Not because of the fact that I have nothing else to believe in, but because the Earth shows it naturally, that the patterns and sequences with numbers exist. 
I like to visualize induction as metal being touched to a hot element. Eventually, the property transfers


Dat [accumulation](https://youtu.be/XnEqfTjp66A?t=2m38s) sound effect.
This is the first PBS host I've seen that doesn't understand what they are actually talking about and just reading the script and voicing the "Youtube" inflection.
Beautifully put
As other commenters have alluded to, this question is answerable to the same degree as this question is answerable: Are numbers made up?

I love math, and part of the reason I love math is that we have taken patterns of our consciousness and cultivated a system that, for all intents and purposes, is based on nothing more than our thoughts. We have then built this whole empire of Mathematics on those first building blocks of Number.

A question I've wondered, and would love if someone contributed some thoughts to: Would pi as an infinite "number" exist if how we first thought about math was different? I know that simply having a different base system would not change the fact that pi is a mathematical constant, but what if our understanding of math was so different that pi would be a finite number? What would that system look like?
Of course you can feel and see numbers. That's why they exist to describe what we see and feel. 
Prime numbers are real. Numbers are something you can group. As prime numbers increase, the quantity of the remaining prime numbers decrease. 
i've got the feeling that this person doesn't really know what she's talking about. 
As a graduate student in math who also enjoyed a few years of serious self-study in philosophy, it's always upsetting to see how philosophically puerile a lot of math undergrads/grads are. I don't mean to be offensive but most of these comments sound like they are coming from middle/high schoolers who are either seemingly compelled to simply say something-apparently without regard to how incoherent or platitudinous the comment might be- or are parroting a pervasive anti-philosophical intransigence that's become part of popular science (my experience tells me scientists are far more likely to be guilty of this sort of intellectual bigotry than mathematicians). 
The question should be, is there really anything outside of something (1) or nothing (0)?

To me it's absurd to claim something exists if there's not physical proof of it or at least something that can be measured. While basic maths are quantifiable, a lot of it is just theory, like a lot of physics.

A theory is just a theory until there's solid proof.
It's always amazed me how people get so angry when someone points out that having children is not a noble deed. We do it because we want to, or because we would feel bad about choosing not to, but it likely does not win us favor in the eyes of "God." I'm a new dad, and I love being a new dad but that doesn't change the fact that humans are overpopulating the planet and the world is likely going to be a darker and darker place as climate change takes over and we are bringing children into the world knowing this. 
I like this. I'm 35 and I decided at 21 I would not have children. It is hard to do and I would just like to thank the authors for a great piece here. It sums up my thought process and it backs it up with some data.
> Seventy percent of people would not have had children if they knew what it would be like (...)

Is that really the case? That's actually quite surprising to me, and I'm not personally planning on having children myself.
Never for a single moment regretted not having children, even after having a long and loving relationship with another's child. This article exactly states all the reasons I chose 50 years ago to never have a child.
Makes me feel better about getting a hysterectomy tbh. I needed one anyway but kept pushing the thought out because eh what if I WANT children sometime up the line (even though I can't even handle being around a child alone) 
you put this thought into your head that you will only ever be truly happy when you bring a child into the world because that's what everyone says. It's not true. Some people don't like kids. Period. 
[removed]
I'm glad there is a peer reviewed bit of writing that points out the obvious down sides of children. 

Ahem. We have over 7 billion people on the planet. We have reached peak oil, reached permanent levels of C02 degradation to the environment, we have reached peak levels of global debt. We have reached peak levels of economic inequality making parenthood a luxury that few can readily afford. 

We have the christian Taliban base in the US that's in power right now; wanting to ban abortion and repeal women's rights based on some shaky and discredited theory on eugenics. We have chronic discriminatory practices against women in hiring, employment, flexible working practices and allowances from first job to retirement. All of these factors influence a significant number of women who look at the the prospect of fitting in a baby in one's life plan with absolute horror and disgust. 

Then we can examine the actual dynamics in society that also discriminate against women. Sole parent households are generally the shattered remains of a relationship where it's the mother trying to raise children with very little resources. That makes up something like 40% of most family structures in most western societies. Basically if you were to take the outlay of an urban city a 3rd of it is solo parents mostly women. I was raised by a sole parent house hold. It is the systemic neglect financially, and having a parent that is tired and at the rag end of economic solvency from one financial lurch to another is not ideal especially as a teenager. 

Throw in urban breakdown, run down infrastructure, a dismal outlook and it is no wonder the fertility rates are going down. 

Those that do have kids have to shoulder the load of parental responsibility - it is a shit fest and I wonder why people want to put up with a shitty snotty kid and all the crap that goes with that. 

For those parents that do manage to take on all that and make a half decent effort to raise a kid - it's rare. But the evidence of snotty whiny badly behaved, behavioral issued kids is overwhelming. Or perhaps I knew my boundaries from the get go and never believed in the bullshit that society sells that a family is all about having a child.  Even now I get "You would have made a great mom" - Fucking bullshit. I will accept the complement but at the same time not enough people examine the poor choices out there and reflect on them. 
In case somebody is puzzled as to why there are so weird vote scores in this thread: it was [brigaded from antinatalism](https://np.reddit.com/r/antinatalism/comments/5evo7j/better_to_not_have_children_discussion_xpost/).
>Most people take it for granted that it's morally permissible to have children.

Yes, because my reproductive planning is not predicated on your judgement. 
While it barely qualifies as Philosophy, it is mildly impressive only in terms of mainstream propaganda exposure, expressing a sort of lowest common denominator with a hint of academic sincerity thrown in.

"Better to wince than endure pain"
"Better to not eat healthy"
"Better to break law than uphold it"

The conclusion is laughably bad.
"Our case is hard to accept. The opposite view – that procreating and child-rearing are valuable and rewarding, a major component of a fully flourishing human life – is deeply rooted and receives constant promotion."

"A person is responsible for evil [...] also through inaction, and is accountable in either case for the injury to another person." [Mill]

I hope it is a troll job.
I've got kids. I think I'll do a better job raising mine than many others raise theirs. I'm betting my descendants will do better than others, and my line will continue. Might not be "noble", but that's the point of life isn't it?
This article is crap. Reminds me of some of the nuts I have met who have contemplated committing suicide for the good of the planet. This isn't philosophy - Rather it seems these two have already committed themselves to Nihilism. 

If human beings are so terribly evil, what makes these moral philosophers believe they will listen and act on their worthless advice?

I use to be a nihilist myself and held these same views. I was wrong. Creating life is a beautiful thing and we are all connected in this universe. Everyday I get to wake up and experience a life that I could never have dreamed of. Sure sometimes life is worse than death but it can also be BETTER than not existing. Also remember that if you can't change yourself you certainly can't change the world. Have a child when you're ready to make this world a better place not when society tells you to. 
>III. Bad for the Child

Just because there is suffering and not eternal happiness doesn't mean that children shouldn't be born. I would be more worried if we came to a state in which there is no suffering anymore. You need that to gain an perspective on life and happiness. Eternal happiness would make you deranged.

>Children often, resentfully, point out to their parents that ‘they didn't choose to be born’. They have a point.

That's an argument I don't see having a point. Children's brains aren't fully developed and they don't know what life and death is and what that means or not existing at all. Couple that with the fact that children haven't fully developed empathy and you have a mix that spouts these phrases without being aware what they mean.

>IV. Bad for You

Ignoring the anonymous magazine survey for 1975:

>Studies have shown that while people's happiness goes up when they are expecting a baby it sharply declines once the child is born.

That can easily be explained. The first year of a child's life is the most intense one for parents. Why? Simply because the baby can't do anything, literally. The parents have to do everything and have a huge responisbility. This is another human being and you don't want to make mistakes.

>And the evidence is, the more children you have the more unhappy you are likely to be

Corrolation doesn't equal causation. Families with more children are often poorer and poor people are unhappier on average. Adding to this poor parents pain to not be able to buy their child that toy it wanted or eat out more because they don't have the money.

>Happiness levels only start going back up after the last child leaves home

Parenting is constantly worrying about your children. The last child leaving your home means that you have done everything you could and while you will support your children even after they leave it will never be the same.

>Some might think that after a lifetime of offspring-induced unhappiness you can at least look forward to an old age where your children care for you. But in the West the number who care full-time for their elderly parents is comparatively small. Not having children is probably a much better pension plan.

Having children leaves a legacy. If you believe in god or not does not matter, but one thing is sure, people want to leave a legacy. Something that stays behind, so you are not forgotten. 

The whole enviromental campaign is based on legacy. Your children and their children should have a good place to live so you should keep the planet in order. What's the point if there is no next generation? Having no children shortens your planning horizon. Family businesses, which are handed down from generation to generation often do better than normal ones in the long run. Why? Because they think in longer intervalls. They think in generations. They want that their legacy to be continued and continuable. 

>V. Better Not to Have children

I am not convinced. The first two arguments are about valuing animal and plant life at the same level as humans, which I and most people don't. They are arguments for having less children in developing countries as industrial nation don't need an incentive to have less as barely any industrial nation has a replacement birthrate of 2,1 children per woman.

 Something to end this comment. Having children isn't a hobby like some think (I have a dog, should be similar). Children are their own person and also human and humans tend to be ungrateful if they have had something all their life. Often does the realisation only come after time and maturation. Children are the closest thing a normal person comes to playing god, forming an intelligent being and influencing it on its own path. 

You make too much generalizations and assumptions based on anonymous surveys. Probably if this thing wasn't presented as a paper would be more readable.
[deleted]
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
I think an interesting question to ask is: 
Is it morally acceptable to eat someone who has already died? 

The reason I ask this is to do with the fact that everything dies, and eventually gets eaten by something else.

So really the moral question is whether it is acceptable to prematurely end an animal's life in order to eat it? 
This leads to more questions: 
What if the animal was only ever alive in order to BE eaten? The sheer amount of farm animals seen in western society would never exist in the wild, so many animal lives are theoretically brought into existence only because we eat them. Is it immoral to bring an animal into existence of a life known to be prematurely cut short or is it better to have existed for a shorter time than naturally normal than never to have existed at all?

Would love to hear some responses, hope I didn't make any logical fallacies.
[removed]
[removed]
This entire video is based on a series of straw man fallacies. This isn't a conversation about the morality of killing animals for food, rather an assertion that it is wrong by disproving a limited set of flawed assumptions about why someone might consider it moral, and also does not define what morality is for the context of this video. The biggest assumption stated was surrounding the "that's what nature intended" argument. The maker essentially implies that "what nature intended" is sometimes morally wrong, whereas a nihilist might say that anything that *devaites* from what nature intended is morally wrong. 

But that aside, let's assume that we are working with standard western democratic philosophies of morality that have been shaped over centuries by popular religion, rules of law, and culture. 

What makes it morally okay to kill pigs for food is agriculture. That is to say, humans create pigs to be killed for food. When saying humans kill over 20M pigs a year for the purpose of food, what's not addressed is that pigs are not naturally that abundant. These pigs are not being captured in the wild and taken from their pig families in order to satiate human cravings. Their very existence results from human influences; they would not exist in the first place if not for the domestication of livestock. They exist to feed humans.

After that point, the question is no longer about why it's morally okay to kill animals for food, the question is why it's morally okay to kill one animal and not another. This is one that is highly subjective based on religion and culture; Hindus would not eat a hamburger because the cow is sacred, and Abrahamic religions would restrict eating pork because pigs are considered filthy hoofed animals. 

In America, we determine what animals we morally can and can not eat based on utilitarian reasons. For example, it's considered wrong here to eat horse meat, dog meat, cat meat, etc. because those animals provided valuable symbiotic relationships with us over centuries to the point where we culturally have evolved our interpretation of this relationship from a utilitarian one to a moral one. Cats and dogs specifically have been bred to act as human companions just as pigs have been bred for food. No dog breed today that exists was ever found in the wild; dogs exist because humans created them through controlled breeding of wolves. Why dogs were bred for companionship and pigs were bred for food goes back to their value as a domesticated animal; a dog can ward off intruders, protect humans, help us capture food, and provide emotional support and aid people who are handicapped. A pig essentially runs around squealing at everything and can not offer as much as a companion as it can offer as food. 

Additionally, certain animal species have a predisposition to thinking and acting in a way humans can empathize with, thus resulting in the "humanization" of those animals. We may end up developing a respect for animals at or above our natural place on the food chain, or we see a certain species going extinct and forbid it's consumption in order to preserve the diversity of life on this planet. But that is way too subjective as that can come down to personal choice and is more about making an informed decision for yourself (ex: deciding whether or not you'd be willing to order Dolphin at a restaurant based on their intelligence and endangered status).
Species membership doesn't matter morally, of course. Personhood is about properties which supervene on the biology but are not grounded in those biological properties.

What does matter morally is species-specific flourishing. We do not pity the cat who cannot philosophize with us because the cat isn't the kind of being that can do that.

The pig isn't the kind of being that can philosophize with us either.

However, as the narrator rightly points out, there are human beings that have the mental capacities of a pig, but we do not think it right to kill them for food.

Yes, but we also recognize what a shame it is that this human being has the mental capacities of a pig. This human being has a disability. The pig has no such disability. It's as it is and expresses the capacities as pigs do.

This is a principled reason to separate out disabled human beings from the moral dimension of mere pigs. So even though it would be speciesist to appeal to mere biological differences in species, it is not speciesist to appeal to species-specific flourishing to draw that distinction.

Therefore, the narrator has failed to persuade because there is, actually, a principled way to differentiate the disabled human being from the healthy pig in moral terms.

This is why we can ascribe to disabled human beings right to life respect but we don't have to ascribe to mere pigs.

edit: typo
I feel like there's something missing in the argument. If you replace the pig by a plant, the same arguments are counting. Some people are not smarter than a plant since they might have severe brain damage  and not able to respond or to move anymore but we still don't eat them. Plants have different genetic material but this is also not a valid argument for eating them. So it is immoral to eat plants by this way of thinking ?


I think that this philosopher's approach is a little bit simplistic. He breaks down these approaches as being all-or-nothing propositions. As in, "there either must be one reason why it is ok to kill animals for food, or there is no reason which could justify killing animals for food." Now, I'm no philosopher, but I am an attorney. In the law, often times a rule will be broken down into elements. That is how I break this problem down as well. I see two elements which allow for an animal to be killed for food: 1) the animal is non-human, and 2) the animal is significantly less intelligent than an ordinary person. If both these elements are met, the animal may be killed and eaten. However, if either element is not met, it would be impermissible to kill that animal. By doing this we protect both highly intelligent animals (e.g. Dolphins, great apes), and mentally handicapped humans from falling into the "ok to kill and eat" category. 
This video seems to conclude that 'kale sandwiches' are the only moral way to go. Yet doesn't the argument apply equally well to kale, or really anything at all? True, kale does not feel pain, yet it isn't it equally wrong to eat someone with neurological disorders like CIPA who feel no pain? Kale may not have an especially vibrant internal life but, then again, neither does a pig. 

Is it perhaps the brain that separates the two? That is an extremely tricky line to draw. Does a flatworm's bundle of neurons count as a brain? Is it immoral to drink alcohol, knowing you may kill neurons in the process? In addition, some alien with an entirely different physical substrate for their consciousness could then rightly justify the eating of us: "They lack organ X, so it must be alright."

Clearly, no line we've seen thus far can adequately separate the two. The only moral things to eat are the inanimate. Assuming, of course, that we can somehow distinguish the destruction of the inanimate from that of the animate. 

Of course, this whole exercise is a bit silly: there are very few people who would argue that it is immoral to eat kale. Therefor, following the line of the video, there must be something we have missed. There must be some line that neatly separates kale from humans that is not present in either this response or the original video. Who's to say this line doesn't also separate pigs from humans? This is not a proof that it is moral to eat pigs, only a proof that our attempt has been incomplete. The original argument is not airtight: there is thinking yet to be done before we can decide. Any ideas?
[deleted]
[removed]
As others have mentioned, the arguments here can also be applied to plant matter like kale. The obvious answer as to why this isn't so is because animals have sophisticated neural networks with the ability to suffer. This also would be consistent with consuming already dead animals/consuming animal products that do not kill in the process (so long as it causes minimal suffering).


However, in this argument we don't look at the alternative. Animals that are not killed for food also suffer. All life must die at some point, and a long life is not intrinsically better than a short life. Is it more morally wrong to kill an animal to eat at a young age than an old age? 


Many animals would not have existed were it not for the meat industry. Is there creation for consumption better than no existence at all? Surely if we treat the animal well, at it has a net positive lofe (however you wish to define that) then consuming it's meat seems a small cost. 

This is also compatible with humanity. If I was promised a good life (well looked after, achieved my life goals) in exchange for my consumption afterwards, I may consider this a good deal (and if I no longer needed to work I may actually end up with more hours of free time ). 

The issue is then one of net happiness and one of consent. 

It is unethical to eat a mentally handicapped brother in the same way it is unethical to eat someone's pet: it causes suffering of the social network. 

In the case of a hermit brother which no one knows, it is still unethical to kill and eat him. But in a finite resource society it is also unethical to leave him to fend for himself and die. It could be seen as ethical to eat him if doing so led to his life containing less suffering. The same can be said of animals. 


So in summary:
It is wrong to cause suffering, and killing animals causes suffering. However, all life suffers even if we do not kill them, and many animals would not exist at all without farming. Therefore it is a balanced of whether farming an animal to eat would reduce its suffering overall, especially in a world with limited resources. The difference between humans and animals is the ability to consent. 

This reminds me of Douglas Adams restaurant at the end of the universe with the cow that wants to be eaten. 
[removed]
**TL;DW:**
In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Tyler Doggett](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/tyler-doggett) (University of Vermont) asks why it is morally permissible to kill animals for food. He offers a few explanations that seem unsatisfactory. So, he asks you for help answering this question about animal ethics.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi
[removed]
It is morally wrong, but no one ever said people were morally right. Now, one could say it is a person's duty, with the knowledge we possess, to be morally right, and I suppose one could name those people vegans. Though the majority of us are morally wrong, for one reason or another, but it always comes back to: we are selfish creatures, in it only for the benefit of our own. In short: animals are tasty.
I would kill a cat to feed a starving child, but I wouldn't kill a child to feed a starving cat.

It's not because one death is objectively more morally reprehensible than another - both are thinking, feeling creatures that want to live. What makes it a better choice to kill animals, but not humans, is simply because it's more beneficial for the survival of our species to live in a society where animals are killed for the benefit of humans, than in a society where humans are killed for the benefit of animals. And if we're willing to allow mice to be killed to fed cats, why not allow chicken to be killed to feed members of our own species? Is it less morally reprehensible to stand by when a cat murders a mouse than it is to stand by when a human murders another human?

The answer is - yes.

After all, nothing is objectively morally good in the universe - the universe doesn't care if a person murders, steals, commits incest or cannibalism or whether they save lives, catch thieves and eat only plants. Ultimately, every living being will be wiped out by a meteorite or a strong solar flare anyway. What makes some of these actions morally better than others is defined by the human species and depends solely on whether they benefit that species, or put it as a disadvantage. The societies where murder, theft, incest and cannibalism were freely permitted have always collapsed in the end, because humans feel better and can prosper and breed better in societies which promotes preserving their lives, rather than one where they fear for their life. But preserving the life of animals bred specifically to be eaten contains no benefit for our species, and so it is permissible.
I cannot believe people are using the "what about plants though" argument in r/philosophy. 
If killing animals is wrong because they have lives that are worth living, then it follows that we have a moral duty to stop predation in the wild (Jeff McMahan holds this view).

However, I think it's intuitive that there's nothing moral or immoral happening when the lion gores the antelope, and that we in fact have no duty to stop predation.

In my view, the lives of animals don't contain value (they can't discern the beautiful or the good), so killing them doesn't rob them of any value and thus doesn't harm them seriously.
[removed]
TLDR of the video:  
The question posed is "What's the difference between humans and animals that makes it permissible to kill animals for food?".  

In short, the video goes through a pretty good exhaustive list bad reasons people often give.  

My take:
The only potential justification for killing an animal for food is for the sake of health. MAYBE the proteins and other nutrients in meat is necessarily part of a good human diet. I'm not entirely convinced, I've been vegetarian for ~2.5 years and vegan'ish for a year and I feel pretty good.  

For the moment let's assume that meat is part of a healthy human diet. That leaves me w/ two comments to make.  

1) Animals should be treated well. They should live good lives. Whether or not it's morally justifiable to kill animals for food is a complicated question. Whether animals should be treated well is obvious, you know it, do the right thing.

2) You should only eat JUST enough meat to satisfy health requirements. The weight of an animals life is greater than your gustatory desires. In other words, your like for the taste of meat doesn't justify killing an animal.

Most people use a speciesist argument for eating meat. Speciesism uses the same logic as racism. I really think prosperity will look back at us in disgust. At least seriously consider this moral issue.
[removed]
Man the bias in this video is bad. Doesn't even touch on sentience or the fact pigs are bred for food. What about plants? why is it ok to kill a carrot but not a salmon?
[removed]
Although the video uses pigs as an example, I think he loses out on part of the argument by being so myopic. It is ok to eat pigs, but not ok to eat some other species of animal. Interestingly, the species that it is ok to eat vary by culture. In the US, for example, eating horses and dogs is frowned upon whereas there are other cultures where this is more accepted. What cultural values dictate which animal can be eaten?

Personally, I think it has to do with day-to-day familiarity with the animal and thus the ability for the animal to effectively communicate pain to the euthanizer. Some of my American friends and I would say that we can immediately identify whether a dog is in pain, but I have no idea how to tell whether a cow is in pain (or at least nothing in my own experience). Perhaps that is part of my cultural upbringing, growing up with a dog and only seeing cows in movies. 

Applied to the video, I can tell when a human of any intelligence is in pain. Perhaps an alien couldn't with a human since the alien's  culture may not have sufficiently exposed it to humans such that humans can effectively communicate pain to aliens.

It's interesting to think about how our modern cultures and dietary habits might change if supermarkets didn't exist.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
It's a combination of 2 things. 


1. They are genetically and physically different

2. They don't know they're being farmed
We were designed to eat meat. It is a natural part of the food chain for creatures to eat others and for creatures to be eaten. Fulfilling the natural cycle isn't a matter of ethics, but a matter of nature. No one asks if it's ethical for a lion to eat a gazelle.
Morality didn't apply 1000 years ago when my ancestors had no choice but to hunt to survive. I don't see how it applys now.

Our species are omnivores and we kinda just eat what is available. It has nothing to do with feelings, for me.
Don't you think that most peoples' moral reasoning behind killing animals is that they like eating meat and therefore try to justify it morally because if this? Rather than the other way around, as I would argue, it should be? 
What about vegetables.  
This argument makes a lot of assumptions:

Morality is universal and objective.

Ok, don't want to get nitpocky on this one. A lot of moral arguments make this assumption or else they can't even get started. However, this one seems a larger violater because he keeps mentioning the areas he's not going into, as if he is covering all bases.

Aliens eating humans for food is immoral:

He says of course we would say this is immoral, but that's a pretty strong assumption. Not liking something, and thinking it is immoral are pretty different. I see no immorality on the aliens part in this scenario. I just don't want it to happen.

Many people are not smarter than pigs:

Unless you are including those in a vegetative state, this is simply not true.

If no one, even the brother cared about whether he lived or died, it still would be immoral to kill him for food:

Again, he says this as a simple statement, and again I disagree. 


We don't eat other humans because we don't want other humans to eat us. That's the crux of our 'moral' decision not to eat each other. It's an agreement we make with the rest of our species. Most (not all) other meat-eating species will eat outside of their own if possible. This is an evolutionary response that favors an indivual's own species - think about how much easier it is for a group of organisms to thrive if they all agree not to eat each other.

We have no such agreement/evolutionary bias to not eat organisms outside of our species. To use the outer limits analogy, (spoiler) eating humans may not be outside the morality of aliens, even if we think it's outside of our own morality.
How is eating an animal different than eating a plant? A plant is alive. It may even feel.
It's not clear to me that it would be morally impermissable for aliens to eat humans for food. Not desirable for us, certainly, but morally wrong? Would we eat them if we had the chance? 

Pigs will kill and eat humans if given that chance without so much as a speck of remorse, near as I can tell. Do we owe different obligations to pigs than they owe to us?
[removed]
As a vegan, I don't like this argument. There are so many facets involved with Vegan/vegetarianism that simply can't be condensed into a simple flow chart. 

The best way I can simplify it is that there are two reasons a person goes veg: A) Scientific, and B) Philosophic. Usually the person ends up accepting both arguments as I have. 

A) Humans are not biologically designed to be carnivores, or arguably even omnivores. No other species has to prepare meat before consumption, nor do they require tools for hunting. No human chases down a rabbit and kills it with its teeth and eats it as is. We trap it or shoot it, then have to prepare it so it doesn't make us sick. Conversely, we can pluck a carrot out of the ground, rub the dirt off, and eat it raw.

There is of course more, but I'm on mobile and it is a long list that requires back on forth discussion, not a one sided lecture. 

B) I originally switched because of animal cruelty. Earthlings has quite firmly scarred me, in the best way possible. The main argument is what makes pigs, chickens, and cows less important than dogs or cats? Nothing, but nobody likes to admit that. That's why many cultures still eat them just like we do cattle. The reason people don't think about this is simple: convenience. Meat was one a luxury food, but now that it is mass produced, why wouldn't you eat it? The people before you have, so why should you stop? It's inconvenient to think of what goes into making the meat you eat, and it's easier to turn a blind eye and pretend it was always just in a box. It's the world's greatest example of 'ignorance is bliss.'

Then there other reason like environmental effects, which could be considered both philosophical as well as scientific. Before the Flood has a nice little segment on this. 

Here's a lecture by Gary Yourofsky you should watch Before responding: https://youtu.be/es6U00LMmC4

Thanks for reading. No hard feelings, just discussion. 
The way I see it is that if we're inducing pain or suffering to a living being and our actions are not borne out of necessity but out of the need to satiate our wishes for sensory pleasures (taste), then our actions are immoral. 

I hate it when people give a lame argument about plants being able to "feel" the pain of being uprooted or cut. That is just not correct. Plants just mostly react to stimuli and those reactions are mostly chemical in nature and not neurological and they certainly do not possess the ability to comprehend pain or grief as experienced by animals such as pigs or cattle when they're being slaughtered.
Most animals also have some sort of rudimentary/instinctive emotions for their offsprings and other members of their kind. This is another form of suffering we inflict upon animals that plants are spared.

Cows and buffalos are even evolved enough to form deep friendships and are known to suffer from depression when their "friend" is slaughtered. 
[removed]
Being vegetarian/vegan is often healthier than eating meat. As long as you are aware of the nutrients you need I think it's far healthier for the average human to run off a veggie only diet. But the average human is lazy and knows little about health, in that case, it would be healthier for the public to eat meat since they don't have really have to know what nutrients they need.

In my opinion, 8 years as a vegetarian for me has been great for my health. BUT i monitor my iron, protein, fat levels, etc. I believe that eating living creatures should be avoided at all costs short of utmost survival. We now have the means to healthily live without meat, so we should.


At one point, it was necessary for humans to amputate injured limbs for minor inuries, we used maggots to deal with infections, we conducted medical operations without anesthetics. Now that we have the means to live without those operations, we do. 

I feel like eating meat is the same situation. We Humans do best when constantly evolving and continuously improving the way we live.
The best counter argument that he did not address is that pigs are not self aware or conscious like humans are. I don't want to get into a debate about the ethics of abortion, but this is also similar to that argument. The fetus is not conscious or self aware so the rights of woman take priority over the rights of the fetus. If someone accepts this view abortion, should they not also apply it to killing animals.  But because everyone thinks differently, a universal moral standard for killing animals will never be met. The descision is left to the individual.
I remember very vividly when I was little and found out that we killed animals to eat. It seemed like the strangest thing to my mind. I had always eaten animals, and knew I was, but I had thought we ate them when they died because that was how I had understood the circle of life up to that point. That was how I made sense to it. I really thought we raised and cared for them, and (may sound creepy, but that's what we are inspecting) I thought we were kind of honoring them by eating them, we cared for them, so they cared for us type of thing. 

Honestly when I stand back and look at it as it is nicely laid out in this video, all I can surmise is that it falls into a category I like to call modern primitive human. So at one point we may have survived solely because of the killing of eating of animals. We learned from animals as people say "animals do it" and it helped us during a time were agricultural hadn't been developed yet, or the region was not friendly to a diet without animals. But at this juncture in time/space, these factors are no longer problems. So perhaps if we were to truly be progressive we would be constantly reevaluating things that we have blindly (for most people) inherited from a past that is no longer present.


Another question to ask is why is it not okay to kill a dog or cat but it's okay to kill a pig or a cow? Always something I've been curious about.
Our moral code is based on self interest. Before you think I'm going to go off on Ayn Rand just hear me out. People often say we live by a golden rule, whereby we treat others as we wish to be treated, but I would posit that this is looking at the issue too narrowly. We live in societies that are guided by subjective moral principles and we recognize our small but important role in deciding what those principals are. We want those principals to protect us, and, because we are capable of envisioning the future, we also want them to protect whoever we may become (E.g. I'm not old now, but I think the elderly should be treated well because some day I will be elderly too). This protection does not only apply to our bodies but to those we care about and our possession as well. Here's where killing animals to eat them comes in. None of us can ever be a pig, and very few will ever have an emotional connection to one. Therefore, as a society, we don't care if pigs are protected. On the other hand, in the case of pets or people who have suffered brain damage, it is immoral to kill and eat them because we either are in, or recognize the future possibility of, the position of caring for them. It may not be wrong to kill someone in a perpetually vegetative state, but it hurts their relatives. As to why it seems wrong to kill a pig for no reason, this is because of empathy, but is nonetheless selfish. We simply do not like suffering and attempt to mitigate it whenever possible. If that empathy is overcome by a reward in the other direction, such as a juicy rack of short ribs, then it ceases to be a factor. Ultimately the only reason why pigs are on the plate and we're not is because we have a voice to advocate for ourselves. In societies in which people's voices are taken away they are invariably treated like pigs, because they are no longer truly a part of that society. However, this is a failed moral system for the remaining members of the society because it does not ultimately protect them. If one day they treat someone else like a pig, the next day they may be treated like one. The true golden rule is this: creates moral absolutes that protect you and will continue to protect you in the future, even if circumstances change. Nothing more. 
Humans; the only predatory animal to have an existential crisis over eating.
I accept the argument that it is morally wrong to kill animals for food. But I also accept that I am a bad person who doesn't operate according to moral codes but instead according to expediency and convenience, except when compelled by strong feelings to act otherwise. I suppose I would never be able to kill an animal personally but buying it from the store doesn't bother me because I am removed from the actual murder of animals. In other words, my desire to eat meat does not override my desire to be morally good and lead an ethical life if I am conveniently removed from the bad feelings which are the consequences of my actions. Ergo, I am unethical and as an adult I have made peace with that. 
No.there are other better cheaper healthier options. 

It is a matter of culture. Few can step out of there own culture and re-examine their life and question everything they think is true. 

When you do that you realize that paying sociopaths to torture and kill animals so you can eat them is horrendous behavior. 100% unnecessary. 

Vegan is cheaper healthier and free of factory farming which destroys the planet  


As cruel as it may sound, I find myself in concurrence with Kant.  Animals are a means to human satisfaction. They have no rights as they do not contain the capacity for higher level pleasures. 
too late, turkey's already dead... 

but the rest of the year if you switch to a vegetarian diet you can prevent about 1 metric ton of CO2 from be released in to the atmosphere per year.

if you go all the way to vegan you can prevent 2 metric tons of CO2 per year.
Like the arm chair philosophy book: the pig that wants to be eaten (great read by the way)
If a pig asks you to eat it, would you? 
Is it morally acceptable?
I don't really see any reason why it is impermissible for an alien to kill people for food. I mean sure, as the food, we'll say whatever we want to get out of being eaten, but that's not an actual reason for them.

Morals make sense only from the frame of reference of the person considering them. Look how crazy the question becomes when we shift it down the other way:

Is it morally permissible for a lion to eat animals for food?
I think an interesting question to entertain is why is it morally okay to eat certain animals in some cultures and morally wrong in others? In western civilization we couldn't begin to fathom the idea of eating a dog as it is deemed "man's best friend" but in some it's a perfectly normal and often celebrated ritual. Instead of asking why animals are okay to eat rather than humans, I'm more interested in the question of why are some animals deemed less acceptable to eat than others?
It's not morally permissible to kill those we socialize with. The animals we kill for food we do not socialize with. For example pets are animals we socialize with so we find it impermissible to kill pets for food. I think this argument solves every problem in this video.﻿
Personally I know the reason we kill and eat food is that genetically we we're built to eat it, but whether or not it's morally wrong is a tough question.

In my own thoughts I've imagined killing animals for food is a lot like killing flys for pestering you. Why is killing a pig wrong, but killing a fly okay? Well this changed the subject to be much more blunt from my perspective.

The reason I will swat a fly and not smash a pigs skull in (Other than the shear commitment to violence) is that to me the fly doesn't have enough mental capacity to understand what it is doing.

And I don't mean it needs to go to a college, I mean physically it does not have capability to have morality, much less philosophies it's existence.

When getting to a certain point it is boiled down to how smart an animal is.

(Mind you this is ALL personal opinion)

I wouldn't kill a dog because it's smart.

I WOULD kill a fly because it's dumb.

I wouldn't kill a human because it's smart.

I WOULD kill a deer because it's dumb.

So physically if they are unable to show signs of self consciousness to some degree I feel that is when morally things should change.
Are we animals?  If so we have all rights a privileges of being an animal.  

If we are mammals and we act like other mammals, then we do not have an ethical dilemma.
I think it would be awesome if more research was done into growing meat or using plant matter to make meat like food. But I have watched documentary's on that type of research and work. It is greatly hindered by the already existing traditional meat market. 

Not only that, they have not been able to achieve a similar product to the real thing yet. That is what is holding this movement back. I think a lot of people agree that it is wrong, and for me, I find it wrong not so much for the animals welfare (call me a monster) but more for the welfare of humanity, the animal agriculture industry is what is ruining this planet with global warming, and if we didn't have to raise animals anymore for our consumption, fossil fuels wouldn't be as much of a problem. 
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
The originator of the video failed to take any thought process from beginning to end without skewing an example. I'm sure there's a psychological term that explains what he is doing. Basically compare apples to oranges to turkey to iron ore to lead the reader/viewer to a specific thought.

One example: the last approach he took was the food chain and humans being at the top and whether that made it morally permissible. When delving deeper he switched the basic definition of being at the top of the food chain being equal to being the biggest strongest entity. Then used the new definition and paralleled it to a bully stomping a smaller and weaker individual. 

The bully example does not equal a top position on a food chain. Is it similar? In certain ways yes and in other ways absolutely not. Yet since he established that it was equal, when he disproved the bully, most viewers tied that thought and applied it directly to the food chain. 

I'll only touch on one other example since this post is already massive. Aliens. Is it moray permissible for aliens to kill us for food? The originator of the video yet again failed to compare apples to apples but instead drew mental parallels to similar but different concepts to lead the viewer to his desired point.

The alien example would be more closer to equivalent if the originator asked whether or not an alien would find it morally permissible to kill humans for food. Of course a human would say it's not morally permissible. Would an alien? What if humans represented a large portion of the aliens nutritional needs? Have the aliens done the same thing to other sentient races? In this case the alien may find it perfectly permissible to kill a human for food. I still do not, but that is irrelevant. 

Folks, videos like this are dangerous. They are dangerous because they have the ability to change a person's view by tricking them, for a lack of better words. When done on a large scale; say if the originator creating additional videos on similar or collateral concepts, he would have the potential to change a person's entire frame of thought. This tactic is used widely in politics, international relations, religious indoctrination, and oppressive societal norms.
I would argue that when a species as a whole has the intelligence to argue moral issues then eating any one member of that species is wrong. So even if you have a mentally handicapped person who does not have the the capacity to see moral issues it is still wrong to eat that person, because the species as whole realize the moral implication of doing so. 

So I would tell the aliens you cannot eat us because we as a species as whole can reason and argue moral issues, but pigs cannot.
I differ quite heavily where he brings up his question in which he states the premise of one caring about someone, and that making it wrong to kill them. He concludes by saying that is focused on the subject and not the object, the human and not the pig, the hypothetical self and not its brother, therefor it not seeming as good reasoning. I think it is quite self-focused, and although I agree it is illogical, I think it's also something unchangeable. 

I do care for any human, to some extent, simply because they are human and I personally would feel guilty for killing them. I get along with them, and I can communicate with them better than anything else because humans understand me. So I would not kill anyone unless I considered them to be below caring about; I do not believe I would feel guilt for murdering a murderer or rapist, I do not feel guilt for killing animals. It is about me, and not so much at all the object in the situation. As such I feel that the morals behind humanity's killing of pigs is more about humanity than it is the pigs. Again, I do not believe it is logical from an abstract perspective more than simple propagation of one's own species: the biological imperative to continue your own self above any and all others. Guilt, to feel upset and morally in the wrong, for killing one of your own kind "unjustly", I believe is the human brain's way of making you not want to do it again - as to help continue your species. This does not apply to pigs, thus why we kill them for the "want" of food. 
I always figured the solution to this will be found when high quality, mass scale food production is done by 3d printers.

Honestly, I see that being the future of how virtually all food will be produced eventually. Takes the ethical question right out of it.
So he basically couldn't find any difference between a pig and a human. Or at least between a pig and a mentally challenged human. That doesn't seem quite right. I mean, I think it goes into the territory of a more complicated question that is the one of self awareness. We have a conscience and an ability to reason and so do most mentally challenged individuals. Now, wether we can actually define "self awareness" with precision, I'm not so sure. But I do think that we can recognize it, be it in another life form, say an alien, or even in an AI. Thats's why we consider brain dead people as, well, dead. Even if their hearts are still beating and whatnot, and we find it ok to let them die even in situations when we would still be trying to save another person. 
It is not ok l think we are animals as well but we are intelligent and as intelligent species we should create a different way to fulfill our energy needs and stop taking part of the food chain ,we may look sharp and all clean cut but when l eat other animal flesh l feel downgraded to a wild environment ,like lion or tiger because all animal experiments fear l guess they feel just like l would if l were about to be kill 
[removed]
I like to think this in a mathematical way. If killing the animal and eating it brings more good to my life than it brings suffering to pigs life it is acceptable. In many cases I value my (small) pleasure over animal's death but this depends on variety of reasons:
1. How mentally evolved the animal is?
2. How much suffering the death (and farming) would cause?
3. How much good I get from this (pleasure, health effects etc.)?
4. Other factors (saying no to my grandma's meat stew would make her sad).

These are just to name a few and these of course vary in different situations.

All in all this all comes to the question, how much value we give to animal suffering. My personal thought is that in modern society where we don't even see the animals this value is way too small. You may think differently.
Whats going to advance society and the world pig or human 
Humans are more intellectually advanced than pigs
If aliens came they would see us as a intellectually advanced species or equally as advanced 
(My opinion)
There are people in the South Pacific who still eat humans. The idea that killing people to eat is morally wrong is cultural, not a universal. All his assumptions are based on his arbitrary line. Life eats life, whether it be plant or animal or bacterial or insect. Life eats life, that's the only way life continues. I suppose you can choose the location at which life becomes to complex to morally kill to eat but that doesn't make it universally right or wrong, that makes it personally right or wrong. 
This is a shitty argument in that i would eat the alien as easy as it eats me. It's all about who's better equipt. If we can come to a mutual agreement then maybe we could stop from eating each other. That mutual agreement happened with another dilemma: murder.
I have to disagree with the speaker and creator of the video. I think it is because of us being the same species. There are animals of similar levels of intelligence that humans don't mind killing. I think humans not killing one another for food is due to evolution and the perpetuation of our species. 
I think it's reasonable to admit that many people really don't care about the suffering of animals and that human preference and will supercede the rights of animals up until the point when animals can reasonably defend themselves and their value. 

Until then we are the arbiters of value and we all know how far we've gotten coming to agree on questions of value judgments.
Can't stand this form of animation.
Why are people not asking it other way around. What's the point of eating animals? None. Besides "I like" there is nothing rational about both animal and dairy consumption. There is nothing in meat/ dairy that we can't get from other sources. And there is a lot to gain if humans move to vegan diet - it's way more efficient, environmental conscious (global warming is kinda a big deal) and lowers the risk of all cause mortality. Even if you lower it to emotional argument of "I love bacon" - there are already vegan meats that taste identical, or better, and with advancement of technology replicating certain tastes is getting easier.

Also, another argument that people make against vegan diets is that to have a balanced diet they "have" to eat supplements. The thing is that a lot of foods are fortified with it, for example almond milk with b12. But people never think how the same b12 gets into their "normal" diet - animals are fed b12 supplements because not even they get it through their diets. In the end of the day there is very little "natural" in our current diets. There is some sort of irrational and purely emotional connection to what food "suppose to be" that's based in cultural upbringing. I just hope we will move past it for the sake of environment and our own health.
It's not ethics.  It's been survival, and then a commodity, because we harnessed the ability to do so.  Animals have always eaten other living things.  Plants too are living things. 
It is unfair, but life is unfair...
What about the idea that farmed animals such as pigs only exist because thry are killed for food? Human have kept them alive for the purpose of being food and bred them. We have modified their DNA to such an extent that they would likely not be able to survive in the wild. If they could, they would certainly change whatever environment they were put in dramatically. Imagine what would happen if they were released into the wild in the form and numbers that they now have. It would be devestating to any ecosystem.
I stopped eating meat. But, my moral reason for doing it has less to do with killing and more to do with how much farm animals suffer while alive. I think it is -more- morally correct to hunt or fish than to run a factory farm. Why? I guess what I am saying is it would be better to be shot dead by a stray bullet than to live a lifetime enslaved.
So I'm a vegan, but I think that it *should be* fine to kill humans for food.  It isn't.  But it should be.  We would need to reduce the humans to ~plant level first, though.  I'd find it somewhat difficult to justify killing plants for food otherwise.  

As such, if you insist on eating animals, I think you should just bite the bullet and accept that there's no good reason that it shouldn't be morally OK to eat humans.  Provided the humans in question are at ~animal level.  (What exactly animal level entails is a separate question).  

I reached this conclusion largely after reaching my reasons for why killing people is wrong.  I think the reasons it's wrong to kill a human (generally speaking) are:  

1) As a human, if we lived without order, one of the most pressing threats to my safety would be other humans.  Other humans feel the same way.  As such, there is utility in banding together to ensure that we do not kill each other.  I don't want to have to waste time worrying about being killed.  

2) There are several other humans I care about.  I would not like to see them killed.  Even if I don't have any real emotional connection to them, they might still produce something useful; I'd hate to see that not occur.  

The author of the video mentioned these two points individually: caring isn't *the* reason we don't kill other people.  Neither is power.  But when you combine the two, you're stuck with a balancing act.  If your alliance is too small, you still have to worry about other alliances killing you, so you can gain utility by growing your alliance.  If your alliance is too large, there's nobody left to kill, because there's going to be somebody in your alliance who wants to protect the victim.  Therefore if you start killing people, you risk fracturing the alliance and reducing utility.  

That is, it's wrong to kill the hermit because there's some jerk in our alliance who has this pesky thing called "empathy" towards other humans.  And we don't want to fracture our alliance by alienating that jerk.  In the strong/weak doodle, we don't know who's playing which role.  That one could be wrong because of the empathy jerk.  Or it could be wrong because the weak person is in our alliance.  Or a few other things.  

So that's why it's wrong to kill humans to eat them when we don't need to.  There might be other reasons to kill humans, but just to eat them is not one.  

Now, consider the fetus.  If we take the Thompson route and consider it a human, is it morally OK to kill a fetus to *eat* it?  Say it was grown in a vat so we don't need to worry about the safety of the mother.  Let's make this fetus a hermit: it has no *real* connections to anybody else.  This is why I say it *should* be OK to eat humans.  I don't think there's any good reason to care about this fetus.  And there is no risk of an army of fetuses rising up and overthrowing our alliance.  Sure it might eventually grow up to create something useful, but so might millions of sperm.  You don't care about sperm, do you?  There were some resources that would be wasted if we *simply* killed it, but we're eating it.  We spend resources to eat things all the time.  So why is it wrong to kill this fetus and eat it?  Because some jerks (this time I'm not being facetious) would get pretty pissed off at us if we started doing that.  To the point where our alliance might fracture.  The fractured alliance is *not* worth that fetus meat.  It might be worth stem cells.  But food is easy to find.  

As a vegan, I'm the jerk who cares about animals enough to not kill them.  There's reasons that I care about them, but those reasons are unrelated to the question of killing them.  What matters is that I care.  Unfortunately for the animals, I don't care nearly enough about them to ally myself with them against you.  And even if I did, once I turned against you, the web of caring wouldn't protect me.  The web only wants me to not be ~randomly murdered.  The web is a lot more understanding when the motive is defense (that's what the alliance is for, after all).  

As such, I'm stuck pushing for people to care about animals.  Possibly to the point where they'd turn against those who don't.  Until there's enough of us to *make* you stop.  At which point it would become wrong for you to kill animals.  Even if you couldn't see a good reason for it.  

In other words, even as a vegan, I wasn't particularly convinced by the arguments presented in this video.  As such, I wouldn't be surprised if others aren't.  

That's the musings of somebody who believes that utilitarianism and relativism aren't mutually exclusive ethical frameworks.  
This is a complicated discussion and I've considered myself a hypocrite my whole life for eating animals and still do. I think the moral reason must be tied to our state of consciousness - the level of understanding about the universe, value in everyday life through thoughts and actions, and comprehension of what it is to exist, and to die. Mainly the last one, because someone who intended to do nothing meaningful with their life would still not be ok to kill. 

Most social reasons for not eating people are practical considerations, not moral arguments. Besides which what is it then that strikes us about dolphins and elephants that makes it less ok to kill them? I'd say the comprehension of existence and death, which intelligence contributes to, is the main factor. We think a lot less about killing insects, which have as far as I know, no concept of life and operate on reflexes. I can't, however, justify not killing unattached people so cognitively vacant that they may have the same understanding of life and death as a pig. I think we don't do this only because of human connections and the parallels between that specimen and ourselves.

In a future where we can synthesise all food reasonably, and a person can with some effort adopt a vegetarian lifestyle today, killing animals for food is immoral (ignoring considerations such as the synthesis being detrimental to the environment, which may outweigh this). We'll probably do it anyway as we do today.
Personally, I don't think that we should kill animals because I don't believe that humans should be held above other animals.

HOWEVER, if it were morally permissible to kill animals, I believe that it would be because domestic animals such as pigs, horses, and dogs were bred by humans for a specific purpose. Whether that be to provide meat, pull loads, or be companions, we created them for a purpose and breed them for such purpose.

Whether or not animal breeding is ethical is arguable though.
He completely glosses over sentience (mirror test etc.), doesn't he? 
I would just like to point out something that often seems to be glossed over by the types of arguments in this video, and that is that animals do have the potential to lead complex emotional lives. I often hear people who work around farm animals comment on how stupid the animals are, or that they don't show emotions, which they cite as justification for why it's okay to kill them, and I can't help but wonder if golden retrievers, or even people for that matter, would be any different if born and raised in that type of environment. In fact, most research on neglected children points to exactly that outcome - stunted intellect and flat affect. I'm always shocked when I see "new research" showing that animals "might have emotions". Well, no shit. Ever met a cat or dog?   
All I know is that the food chain exists, so as far as I'm concerned, it's okay. 
In our current capitalist societies mainstream ethics indicates meat eating is normative and healthy, obviously this coincides/converges with what is in the economic interests of great swathes of the food industry, as much as smoking was similarly considered normative and even healthy by mainstream culture and ethics just a few decades ago meat eating continues to be so. Diametrically (and ironically), the horrendous suffering of animals associated with the meat industry is absent in the production part of the tobacco industry, but very much associated with, one might even say transferred to, the consumption part of the industry. Capitalism seeks to exploit the natural world, including of course the human element of such a world, as intensively and profitably as possible, the human consumers of vended meat are as much a part of the axis of exploitation as are the hundreds of millions of animals utilized and processed by said industry every year, it is just that most people are psychologically unprepared to view their own relationship with said industry in such a way because they supposedly have free will and are masters of their own decision making as consumers and ultimately as sentient beings tout court. However, free will is more and more becoming a principal topic of philosophical inquiry and serious arguments are currently being posited in the academy suggestive of the probability that free will is in great part an illusion--albeit a possibly "necessary" one. If free will is dependent on a level of cognition and awareness (not to speak of omniscience) that most people routinely fail to show then the argument that free will is less present and less of a factor in peoples' lives than they would likely care to acknowledge (considering Western culture's veneration of the same) is certainly not at all unconvincing. So if it is true that people consistently employ much less free will than normally imagined then the decisionality requisite to achieve it in an issue as ingrained as a nation's or a region's cultural diet lies not with the people themselves but with the institutions designated for the specialization of change and/or stasis, i.e. namely government and private industry. The seismic shift in Western (and especially American) society's consumption of tobacco products suggests important change is possible and relatively quickly, however, that change will be dependent not on the philosophical epistemology of individuals, but on the activation of the decisionality of the aforementioned specializing engines of societal change in a society such as ours, namely government and its controllers in that national capitalist "senate" constituted by the major capitalist industries.
This video is so close to the topic I wrote about a while ago as part of a (rigged) competition.  I wrote this essay as part of a competition (limited word count) and I would like to see if anyone has any rebuttal to my position.  

Thoughts? 

_____

This contest is to make a case that it is ethical to eat meat.  More correctly framed: is it ethically permissible to eat meat? Yes.  

There is nothing beyond this latter formulation of this contest’s charge.  The formulation of “explain why it is ethical to eat meat” is actually a request to demonstrate why it is merely ethically permissible to eat meat (as opposed to why it is good to do action Φ).  

If this contest charged us omnivores to explain that it is good to eat meat, the charge would have looked dramatically different.  

The advocate of an herbivorous society would have to pass a high standard: not only that eating meat is not good, but also that eating meat is ethically impermissible. 

A proof that it is ethically permissible to eat meat could take one of a number of forms; the tersest is a reductio ad absurdum.  Arguendo, then, I assume that the only ethically permissible dietary choice for us is an herbivorous one.  

There is no principle to the normative assertion that we must not eat meat, that is, all advocates against eating meat necessarily choose one level of harming animals and then admonish those who disagree with their arbitrary choice.  All acts of humans inexorably have unintended consequences.  

Even if our entire species was forced to be herbivorous [ignoring the utterly immoral government regulations necessary to implement such a nightmare], the harvesting of crops would either use animals or would use machines that pollute and kill the natural inhabitants of the crops (squirrels, mice, spiders, et cetera) to harvest the plants.  

If, on principle, it is impermissible to harm animals, then no dietary choice is ethically permissible.  Humans must eat and it is metaethically invalid to have an ethical principle that injures humanity.  Therefore, we have found our absurdity and the reductio is complete.  Thus, the original assumption is false and its contrary must necessarily be true: an herbivorous dietary choice is not the only morally permissible choice, id est, it is at least ethically permissible to eat meat.  What alternative is there?  

I must now speak to a framing issue.  To frame this issue as between carnivores and herbivores is to miss a crucial evolutionary point: we are all omnivores. Just as we are all diurnal, we may choose to work the night shift; even if we choose to do so, however, it does not change our diurnal nature. 

This discussion arises from the problem of a comfortable society.  Edward R. Murrow aptly described our society as “wealthy, fat, comfortable, and complacent.”  I think this descriptor shines light on the present artificial controversy. That is, the artificial position against meat is an emergent property of an opulent society; take away our opulence and watch vegans eat pork, dog, horse, anything to survive. 

The last issue necessary to prove that it is ethically permissible to eat meat is defining “humane.”  Humane treatment of animals explicates how the person treats the animal and why; whereas inflicting pain and death upon an animal for purposes of fulfilling a dietary need is ethical, doing so for the ends of entertainment, is not.  

We omnivores can feel familial with our cats while at the same time fattening up a goose for foie gras.  Acting humane is a product of one’s ends. 

It is ethical to eat meat because it is impossible to demonstrate an ethical principle against clean, efficient, and humane abattoirs. It is not enough to assert a feeling, one must assert and hold a principle – in this debate, only omnivores can do that. 

It would cause so much social dishevel that a social animal like us wouldn't get anywhere. We make rules and endow others to capture people who cause social dishevel. No trust = no cooperation. Then you have no room for progress.

Why would a species capable of making tech that can jump from solar system to solar system not just program and grow a farm animal 100000000000000x tastier than us, and wants to be eaten. It is a submissive voreaphile. Intelligent life really thinks hey once I have the ability of gods through my tech, its time to just ignore my potential and just become an interplanetary terrorist. It wouldn't dawn on them that this is a big waste of time and they could go zip over to a cooler place and watch stars explode or something? Why are in essence a mortal and pitiful thing being compare to a god race? The amount of potential between the two should be so great that its meaningless to use the same scales to judge.
Morality arguments are always a little useless (imo) unless there is a predefined system of determining morality that both arguing parties accept. Perhaps something along the lines of, "That which provides a net benefit to sapient species without infringing on natural rights of sapient species members is moral." If there is no consensus, it boils down to an argument over whose equally subjective method of determining morality is better; one can easily see the difficulty in having a good debate in this case.

The guy in the video hasn't really defined his idea of morality down to a core tenet or tenets. How can one evaluate his position from a logical standpoint if he provides no starting point for defining his system of determining morality. All we are left with are his ideas which could be no more than gut feelings of his. If his system boils down to, "morality is that which is agreeable to me in my heart of hearts", this becomes not an exercise in philosophical thought but rather a lecture on someone else's subjective sense of morality.

He offers no backing for why it is morally impermissible to eat humans, he just says no. Why would it be morally impermissible for humans to be farmed by aliens. While the action would definitely seem disagreeable to me as a human, I don't see what makes it morally impermissible, and he offers no solution to my quandary.
The real answer is the morality is a made up thing that doesnt pertain to nature.

The whole idea that there is an absolute right or wrong and that we must take action that is right is such bullshit. The world wouldnt be able to sustain ourselves if we followed any of this logic.

If its not ok to kill animals for food then you also are denying hunting along with farming. The world might survive without animal farms but you could end up being drowned in wildlife if all of a sudden you remove humans as predators from areas where natural predators have long since been removed or hunted to near nothingness.

Sure you may be saying hey there are plenty of solutions like reintroducing predators or whatever. But then the moral questions become is it ok for humans to take action knowing that it will lead to the death of animals?

Then you get into other morally sticky questions especially in developing areas where some animals may die off due to human development or other interactions. Is it ok to allow those animals to die from lack of human help? What about zoos or predators that wouldn't survive on their own in the wild. Can we kill other animals to save those animals?

You can see the dilemas and Im sure everyone has an answer about at what point killing is acceptable because everyone who asks these question seems ok with saying no to killing animals until they threaten human habitation but thats not how morality works. Your supposed to do the best thing for everyone that falls under your moral code no matter what. You dont kill everyone and torch everything involved in your house foreclosure even if its your only option to keep you from being homeless.

The rules of nature are the only ones that matter. The weak die and the strong survive. Morality is a human invention that applies to humans created because it helps to strengthen our society. We eat pigs and cows because they are tasty and easy to farm. We dont farm bears because they are hard to farm and less tasty. But if either one is charging at you with intent to kill your gonna blast it right in the face because your strong and they are weak and any morality arguments are gonna go right out the window.
Based on observation we mostly eat animals with eyes on the side of their face, whereas we have eyes in the front. Predator versus prey design. Lions don't eat other lions or hyenas for that matter.they eat prey animals. Just because we are capable of farming our prey versus catching it doesn't change it's acceptability. I hunt for big game and will continue to, this is how I put good the table. This is very simple to me, prey animals know they are prey and we know we are predators.
My argument would be that humans die at the hands of other living things like bacteria and our own cells (cancer) which have no concept of morals so there is no argument as to whether it is moral to kill us for the betterment of them as a species. Animals eat each other similarly. Altruistically speaking, humans don't kill each other for food because it would not be for the betterment of us as a species. Most other creatures don't kill their own kind for food because that would not be evolutionarily advantageous. Our DNA is different from animals that we eat and it is also different from plants and we think it is morally right to kill plants for food. Morals are subjective. If you live in a society where it is thought that animals (and not plants) should all thrive evolutionarily because you don't see those differences in DNA then it wouldn't really be morally right to kill them for food (there are cultures that are vegetarian). If your culture only strives towards the betterment of just mankind, then it is moral to kill animals for food. 
In the beginning he said that the video wouldn't talk about if it was morally permissible to eat animals for food, but isn't killing an animal for food implying that you are going to eat the animal? I'm a bit confused, what's the difference? 
Does anyone know what software they use to make those videos?
I believe this is an interesting topic, and I also don't think the creator of the video used the soundest or most honest reasoning. However, one thing I have yet to see mentioned is that humans, unlike all other species, have other options for sustenance. Other animals kill and consume out of necessity. We have evolved to a point where we can actually examine this question, and choose whether or not we are making the correct choices with how we feed ourselves.

I believe we are not far away from a time when the majority of our animal products are artificially created. This absolves us of any potential moral or ethical burden with this dilemma, and will likely be a more affordable and less ecologically impactful method for fuelling humanity.

As interesting of a thought exercise as this is, I still love bacon.
I think these questions you have asked all go together. Each answer separately doesn't explain why you should/shouldn't eat pigs but together, holistically they better chip away at it. Also is killing morally impermissible or is it the suffering? What if there wasn't suffering? I think that's a better direction. 
Secondly I think you could have touched on the 'different species argument' better. There are more than just genetics that stop cannibalism's permissibility. 
Lastly your 'low intelligence argument' I think the reason there could be a difference between your disabled brother and a pig is that your brother has capacity. Your brother is a person and 'person' comes with the capacity for more than a pig. That means something. 
Sorry if this is badly worded. I'm a much better talker that I am commenter. 
I don't think that this is argued very honestly at all but I think there are a few things I could put out there that haven't really been addressed here. First, cannibalistic cultures do exist (or did, in not really sure on their current status). Not all cannibalistic societies practiced their cannibalism in the same way but there were a few that would hunt pray for part of their diet similar to the way a someone in our culture might hunt an other animal. It might not be a practice that is desirable to us in our culture but it is clearly, or was at one time, morally acceptable to kill another human for food in those very few societies. Second, a much better argument is that it is unsanitary and ultimately detrimental to ones health to eat an other human being even after being cooked. This does not make it immoral to do so, however, I fail to see how killing an animal that is poisonous to eat for food is equally moral to killing an animal that is healthy and nourishing to eat for food. It does not necessarily make the pig a moral choice, simply the more moral choice. 

Third, and kind of irrelevant, someone's going to have to explain to me how nothing a child can do can be considered immoral. We have juvy for a reason and it's not to catch the sunshine and daisies coming out their asses whatever your feelings about the criminal justice system. If a kid were to punch me I'd totally punch them back. No, I wouldn't do it very hard, but I'm not going to lie down for some little brat. 
Philosophy has no strong answers to ethical questions (answers which command under Reason with a capital "R" such that any reasonable person of goodwill must comply). Philosophy offers a swamp of meta-ethics and hopelessly contested "realisms." 

It is amusing is to see faddish sensibilities trotted out as if today's hobby horses (e.g., vegetarianism, effective altruism) were somehow exempt. There are no knock down philosophical answers to be had, which rather deflates the notion that one must offer a philosophical justification in response to a question such as "Is it OK to kill animals for food?"

True, we cannot escape "doing ethics" as a practical fact of life, just as a hard determinist cannot help but practically act under the idea of freedom when making a choice. In both cases, if we don't think about it too much, however, we can get by just fine. We can reason in terms of our moral sentiments and cultural values and work out answers to practical normative questions. And without thinking about it "in the grips of philosophy" the determinist can make choices all day without problems. You don't need deep philosophical answers to get by, which is good, because philosophers have failed to produce them. They only dig deeper into issues and sub-issues and proliferate never-ending positions and perspectives. And that's great so long as you don't take it too seriously. 

So, is it OK to kill pigs for food? The answer to the question does not come from the swamp of philosophy, but sensibilities of time and place. The answer, for now, is "yes." When our sensibilities change the answer will be "no." If this offends the philosopher, then it is up to her to produce that answer, reason with a capital "R", which would compel even the most feisty and dexterous of practicing philosophers. Pin your community to an answer. Produce consensus, or near consensus, such as we find in the sciences, and then trouble us.

 
Animal ethics presupposes a need for such ethics.  If you a priori believe animals are individuals with the ability to think and therefore act with rationale then the answer would be no.  But if animals are indeed lying on a spectrum from Descartes automata to an evolutionary model of some unique behavior that may classify it as somewhat intelligent as to require some care.  In this way yes you could ethically eat the animal if it is killed somewhat humanly.  Though that word suggests that we know how to kill gently.  

I'm of the personal belief that ethics here is misplaced.  It is more about human to human belief structures around pain and suffering than any intrinsic value the animals have as beings.  It is clear though that a good steak has its own value.  :)
This conversation ends at the part about the aliens. 

Yes, yes it is ok for an alien to eat us. If they are advanced enough to subjugate us to that extant than they are in the right to do what they wish. 

The genetic make up is the only thing we need to talk about. Which one of us is the fittest to survive. This is the most rudimentary law of nature. If they are stronger/smarter or more advanced then they would be the ones discussing this moral question and we would be the pig. 
that was shitty logic that was seemingly presented as an unbiased and thoughtful process of breaking down a very complicated question. I'm all for eating less animals,  I barely eat meat as it is and i think people depend on it far too much.  but imo,  at the end of the day at its most base value,  it's energy transfer that's based upon what our bodies can easily break down and convert to functions for our survival and comfort,  which is what EVERY creature,  man or beast,  seeks out. 

  is it morally wrong to eat people? sure,  that's a dick move,  you shouldn't eat Larry,  he's a good guy.  but not only is it wrong,  it also fucks with almost every part of our physiology and therefore survival.  brain diseases and a bunch of other crap come with that. so that's a big reason. it's based on our bodies telling us "hey fucker,  don't do that." much in the same way that sometimes our bodies say "God damn some salmon and rice sounds Fucking amazing right now." 

is it because our DNA is different? we don't have a special filter on our appetite that contours to DNA,  and considering that a huge portion of meat in Africa is compromised of apes and chimps and they share about 98% of our DNA I doubt that has something to do with it. 

I think to get hung up on whether it's morally wrong to do this is a bit off.  like I said before,  at the end of the day,  it's energy transfer. We eat these animals as well as plants which gets transferred into other sources of energy for other things. we die,  our bodies are released back into the earth through decomposition. worms take that in,  or the plants feed off it and grow and are eaten,  etc etc. we try to find energy sources that doesn't fuck with our physiology detrimentally,  is tasty,  and makes us feel good.

imo,  much like most things in this world,  meat should be enjoyed in moderation.  same thing with plants. too much of anything is a bad thing.  balance should be applied in all aspects of life. but to attach a moral argument to this is odd.  now the environmental consequences from the meat industry? that's a good argument. you can back that up with facts,  statistics,  evidence,  and most importantly SCIENCE.  morals are based upon one's understanding of them and are completely subjective. So this guy should just make his choice between Morning Star or Jimmy Dean and move on with life. 
I have decided to extrapolate this argument.   It is not morally permissible to kill any life for food.  Therefore I cannot kill a plant,  because despite some plants being more intelligent than mammals, they are alive and I do not need to eat plants to live.

But wait - if I value life, living organisms, and believe morality is more than a construct of human society, then I am back to the island situation of having to eat what I'm presented with.

Yes vegetarians don't like the idea that plants live and that they don't want to die - despite science cleary showing that plants fight for survival in their own way..  

The morality of food is oddly positioned towards mammals, but if you can feel morally wrong for eating amphibians and reptiles then please put vegetation on your list.
I think my original idea to respond to the eating of animals idea was the wrong angle.

The true question asked here is what is morality? 

It's a social construct that is ever changing and varies by culture,  social circles,  or individual interpretation.   

The fact that killing a fish is seen as acceptable and killing a rabbit might not be is a nice example of why I <sigh> at the vegetarian type argument.. ... just don't eat me - cuz I plan to die quietly in my sleep. 
Why so much emphasis on morals? we are animals, the only reason we have morals is because laws dictate that we must have them or we'll get punished. If laws didn't exist they'd be chaos. Also, It's moral because meat eaters deem it so. What's moral is subjective.
The video is mostly a straw man. Because he doesn't address the strongest reasoning for why it's okay to kill animals for food. In all of his searching for differences he fails to understand the basic fundamental difference between humans and other animals. To find out what that difference is we have to ask ourselves ,"What is it about humans that makes it immoral to kill us?" Because in the video his argument boils down to the illogical conclusion that "it seems wrong" therefore we shouldn't do it. Well why does it seem wrong? Because most westernized humans believe in the concept of human rights. The problem is that in much of philosophy there is no reasoning given for human rights. Even John Locke describes it as a God given right. But to truly understand the differenc between humans and animals we have to ask why we have decided that humans should have rights. And when it comes down to it, it isn't intelligence necessarily, although this plays a necessary part, it is the ability to experience suffering. In other words a sort of emotional intelligence. An awareness of your existence, a valuing of your existence and the capability to experience loss if your existence is taken away.

And quite simply put this has not been proven to exist in animals. We have verified that animals experience pain, and some take this to mean that they must then be experiencing suffering. But the neurological pain response and the ability to emotionally process this are two very different things.

>The second component is the experience of "pain" itself, or suffering – the internal, emotional interpretation of the nociceptive experience. Again in humans, this is when the withdrawn finger begins to hurt, moments after the withdrawal. Pain is therefore a private, emotional experience. Pain cannot be directly measured in other animals, including other humans; responses to putatively painful stimuli can be measured, but not the experience itself.


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pain_in_animals#The_experience_of_pain

To illustrate this point take the film Little Shop of Horrors. Where Bill Murray plays a masochistic dental patient who experiences extreme pleasure from the neurological response of pain. Or people who enjoy the pain of tattoos. These are examples demonstrate that the emotional response to pain can be extremely varied. And that just because an animal demonstrates an physical pain response stimulus does not mean that it is "suffering" by any sense of the word.

By assuming that the animal is suffering because it experiences pain is as anthropomorphical as assuming that because a cow has vocal chords it has the capability of learning language.

I'd also like to address his intellectually disable comment. Because quite frankly if a human being is incapable of experiencing suffering there is no moral wrong in killing the person. It's simply our cultural and perhaps biological assumption to assume that killing someone or harming them will experience suffering that causes it to seem wrong.

This doesn't mean however that we should kill intellectually disabled people. Because the attachment that family members have to these people is real even if they do not experience suffering. Therefore it would cause emotional suffering to a person who is capable of experiences emotional suffering to do that.

I hope that addresses some of the more glaring errors in this argument. Even though it wasn't even necessary because he basis the entire premise of his argument on something seeming to be wrong.
Q: Is it OK to kill animals for food? 

A: It depends who's asking.
But he is missing an important part of why we kill them, we kill them because we domesticated them for food and we raised them for food. Then he might ask if it was morally permissible for humans to domesticate them in the first place, I would still say yes because when we did domesticated pigs we needed to it was an important source of food for whatever group of people domesticated pigs.
[removed]
I'm fairly new to this whole philosophical debate thing, so feel free to correct me at any point along the way,but I found a few arguments in this video fairly incomplete.
The one key difference between people and pigs that is never mentioned is purpose. No matter your mental or physical fitness, every human has a life purpose beyond simply existing and dying.
Pigs, on the other hand, are bred for the sole purpose of eventually becoming food. As long as they are treated in a humane way that imposes no unnecessary suffering, I see no issue with pigs fulfilling such a purpose.
This is not to say a pigs purpose cannot change. This is not to say a person's purpose cannot change. This is where the "caring" aspect of things comes into play, which I also thought was not completely addressed.
Imagine a Charlotte's web type of situation: there's no question that everyone reading the book would be morally opposed to the pig being killed. Why? Because the little girl cared about it. This changed its purpose, from being food to being a friend.
As another example, in many Chinese cultures dogs are killed for food. This may seem morally wrong to many people in western society, as for us a dog's purpose is to be a companion and a friend.
So really, it is the pig's purpose, not it's..."pig-ness" that would make it morally wrong to kill.
To answer this question, let me make a sort of inane question of my own: Is it morally permissible to kill anything for food? It's a silly question, but I think it's one that goes well with the question being asked of us. 

As a more extreme version of being trapped on an island with nothing else but a pig to eat, we're all marooned on this planet with nothing but plants and animals to eat so we make do with what we have on this planet. So is it morally permissible because we have no choice? 

And in the same vein as the "we don't need to eat pigs" argument, we also don't need to eat kale sandwiches. We could all just eat meat. Is it practical? No, of course not, but the question is not of practicality but of morality. 

All the video's arguments revolve around the value of the pig compared to people. What about the value of the pig compared to the kale we could eat instead? A value that I would arguably say is subjective(a product of the very genetic makeup that makes us different from pigs or plants, and what I mean by this is that morality would be nonexistent, or at least completely different, if we didn't have the chemicals in our brain that make us sympathetic). 

I think the morality of killing a pig for food depends entirely on the value each individual or culture places on the pig.

As I said in a previous comment, morality is subjective. And the morality of what to kill for food depends entirely on the value we place on the life in question. Until we can synthesize food from pure energy, I personally believe it's morally permissible to kill pigs for food. What we need to actually consider is the practicality of it(the impact of it on the planet as well as the space they're occupying) as we move forward. 
I think there's two points which don't present as strong an argument:

1) DNA - it is morally wrong for humans to kill humans as it does not further the human race. He argued that it would be morally wrong for aliens to kill humans for food which I disagree. We can't judge what's moral for an alien race and though I wouldn't want to be killed for food, it is not possible for me to perceive what those alien's moral standards are.

2) Food Chain - It's in our nature to kill for sustenance which became our nature to kill for nutrition and eventually our taste desires. This morality can change over centuries and generations, but we're still in that mindset where our morality is a few steps behind along with our stage of natural evolution.


I hope he does a follow-up video. He didn't mention conspicuous mess as a potential reason why killing pigs could be morally permissible. There are other reasons I want to see him explore 
This is such an opinionated question. Some may say absolutely not because it's cruel some may say yes because (if you are a Christian) god gave man dominion over animals. And some may say yes because in the wild other omnivores eat animals and we are just smart omnivores. An opinionated question can never be answered.
I see no reason why it's impermissible for aliens to kill humans for food. I think we are just too biased to see that. The author is correct that it is the same principle applied to us and pigs, but wrong about whether it is permissible or not in the alien example. 


If it's permissible to kill humans for food, it's permissible to kill pigs for food. 


the alien example doesn't make sense to me, i don't have a moral problem with aliens eating humans. i have a practical problem with them doing so, but not a moral one, same goes for eating people for food, generally, i don't really see the problem with that. in fact there are probably more than enough cultures on earth in which this practice is acceptable. i don't think we like to hold that idea as a western society, but that doesn't mean it can't hold in some society.

my most major problem with this video is him saying that some things are wrong without explaining on which basis he decided that they are morally wrong, at the very end i felt like he gave me some pretty good reasons to believe that killing animals for food is ok (the alien one for example, is a great idea).
By the logic in this video, it seems equally true that it is immoral to kill a plant for food.  I would suggest that the intelligence part of this argument is vastly over simplified, as that would make the best case for it being morally permissible to kill some kale.  As well, we do have moral arguments for why it is okay to kill somebody of a particularly low intelligence, that being people on life support with an intelligence so low that they have effectively no brain function.  It is still impermissible to eat that person, but not necessarily to kill them by unplugging a machine. 

This would imply that intelligence is the answer, and it suggests that the answer to the question "is it ok to kill animals for food?" would be , yes, sometimes, followed by the creation of a spectrum of animals leading to a point where it is.  Perhaps a pig is a great example of an animal we should not eat, but certain animals, like oysters, are of sufficiently low intelligence or sentience that they can be eaten.

Edit: I know the ethics of removing someone from life support is debated, I am simply drawing the comparison, because it is another ethical dilemma, where people argue that it is ethical to kill a human, who would do you no harm, based on intelligence.
I've been asking this question for years,  and for what it's worth, no, I've never heard a single moral argument in favor of it. It tends to come down to, "They're animals, we can do what we want with them!" The speciesist non-answer.
I read an article on (wish i could remember the source) another unrelated thread about a tribe (in Africa I believe, could be wrong about the details) who had no moral problem with eating their dead relatives. In fact they viewed it as a merging or an extending of their said family members spiritual force. Once a person would die they would put them in the ground until they were nice and ripe with maggots then proceed to eat the heart, brains etc... rationalizing that the dead persons spirit would live on through them.

Long story short they ended up contributing one of the most deadly and untraceable diseases to this world. To the point that doctors that know about it will run away from any patient that MAY have come in contact with someone who MAY have been in contact with someone who MIGHT have died from said disease. 

Again wish I could provide a link or site the source or the name of this disease. Maybe someone could help with this. 

All I know is that it is the nastiest sickness known to man, no symptoms, no cure, no test. Can be carried and communicated without the host even knowing! End result, sudden horrific and extremely painful death!

All as a result of people eating people. Even though they were eating them out of reverence and respect. 
I disagree with his alien example.  If some intergalactic species revealed itself and told humanity they had been farming us for food I don't think we would react the way the video says we would.  I doubt we would argue with a superior species that we are too special to kill.

Really, its okay to kill animals and people for food, society has just decided that one is morally wrong to do.  If you leave out human created concepts its all just meat, and our bodies are optimized for meat in our daily diet.
Why are we so quick to discount life that is not mammalian? Wheat is alive, has DNA, spends time ensuring the nest generation will live on, and its source of nutrition is primarily solar. Eat the animals destroying all the plants, plants were here first!
I see it like this, in the wild a lion or tiger or any other predator or horrid disease would get them and they would die in agony.  They would rather me kill them instantly and eat their corpse.  They only get 1 of those 2 choices.  
For me it's language. I would never eat anybody who has (or has potential to have) language, which I can understand is a language, of course. We use language to model feelings and thoughts of others and  those who do do not possess language we feel very much beneath us and not having the same level of mental faculties. Pig cannot really tell me what it feels, it can communicate on more primitive level, with a signal system that we partly share so we can understand how fear or fury looks like but it cannot reason with me, give me any arguments for its prolonged existence. 
I think it's in part why it is much easier to kill people from other cultures that do not share language with your culture. 
Language is one of those very strongly held identities; here in Catalunya you can feel it very strongly, for instance. One of the main things on Franco's agenda was to prohibit Catalan and paint not as a real thing, and this automatically disqualifies Catalunya from having any "real" culture in the eyes of the Spanish, who in turn hate to hear Catalan, because "it's wrong" and challenges their identity. That's what French did with Occitan as well. I am not Catalan btw, so I have no stake in this it's just an example that I can see personally. The same thing happens in Russia/Ukraine identity conflict. 
As for cats and dogs, you know, we actually talk to them and project our own language into their reactions imagining answers in our heads. Really, I even talk with my toy wolves, and they answer, albeit silently, but it's just my brain modelling both sides of this conversation. But I am really attached to them, because "they have personalities" now and I'd be very sad if something would happen to them. 
Sorry for the mess, these are just quick thoughts, I have no firm position. 
I think the argument against eating animals breaks down when he refutes the "people are people and pigs are pigs" argument, where he reasons that we would have a moral objection if aliens did the same to us.

I don't think that our human morality applies to other species. We don't question the morality of sharks eating seals or hawks eating rabbits because they are not people. Our rules just don't apply.

Further, if a different, more advanced species came around, they would more or less just be like another force of nature to us, with motives and intellect that we don't comprehend. In that way, I don't think that we would have any more grounds to question the morality of aliens killing us than we do the morality of hurricanes, tsunamis, or "God" (if you're the sort that believes in a higher power)
To justify violence, you must demonstrate why it is necessary (I had to shoot the man, because he was going to kill the child)

In almost all situations aside from survival scenarios (where cannibalism and auto cannibalism is also potentially justifiable) there is no need for a human to eat or wear any animal products. B12 is fortified in plant based milks and other foods, or can be supplemented (if you want energy you should take it even if youre an omnivore) protein and amino acids are in several plant foods, healthy fats are in several plant foods. I lost 30+lbs of fat and feel fantastic, try it.
For the sake of argument, let's assume it's vitally necessary for humans to eat animal-based foods to ensure their own survival. I know that's not true, but bear with me.

Is it justifiable then to kill far more animals than necessary, by orders of magnitude, to satisfy nutritional requirements? Or should we only eat the minimum necessary recognizing that more than that is done for no other reason than short term pleasure and the animals are unduly suffering to provide that pleasure?

Put more simply, how does one ethically justify eating, say, 3 or 4 pounds of animal-based foods every day, when 3 oz or less of animal-based foods per week would suffice nutritionally?
Would it be ethical to engage in the following logic. Agree that killing animals for food is not an ideal state for human society. However, continue to eat meat because you believe that a large enough portion of society will always support the meat industry such that your individual decision will have negligible impact on reducing animal suffering, even in the long term. Therefore, you conclude, there is no ethical compulsion to inflict "suffering" upon yourself by denying yourself the pleasure of eating meat. 

However, you maintain that you would immediately sign any petition or vote in any referendum restricting/prohibiting the sale of meat because even though you believe that the probability of such a law passing is also close to zero the "suffering" you inflict upon yourself by signing/voting is close to zero as well. You also maintain that you would immediately become vegetarian if you were ever convinced that there was substantial possibility that enough consumers could be rallied to topple the meat industry.

Note: There may be evidence of people's vegetarianism having an impact on the meat industry. For the purposes of this scenario, you, for whatever reason, firmly believe that your personal eating habits would have no impact on the animals actual suffering.
alright, found this article: [relevant](http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2016/11/28/if-animals-have-rights-should-robots)
Hell fuckin yea all animals should be fair game aslong as they provide nurishment and taste good.
Beats starvation any day of the week and twice on Sunday.
[deleted]
[deleted]
It may have been natural during the caveman era, but we now live in a world where there are other alternatives. For hundreds of years people in India have gone without the consumption of meat and they are still able to prosper. We are not in a situation where we are starving or animals are our only source of food. Killing animals for food is done now in this time out of convenience and tradition. Not many people are comfortable with change, breaking tradition or having to work harder for something. 

I liked the video very much. People may get mad at the idea but there is no good moral reason to kill animals for food.  
Maybe I missed it, but did the video ever bring up sentience? Pigs have no understanding of past, or future. They don't have values, beliefs systems, goals and aspirations. This is scientifically proven, looking at a pig's linguistics. 
This is on top of the fact that eating meat does in many ways fuel our bodies, which can't be said about humans, which are extremely caloric and fattening. 
Animals kill other animals for food.

Humans kill animals for food.

We're just at the top of the food chain. 

So why would we be morally wrong to kill/eat animals? Yes we COULD all just eat Kale sandwiches, but imagine a world with all vegitarians. We'd be overpopulated with people and animals.
What exactly is a lion supposed to eat?!
No, but people will always look for reasons to fulfill their addictions. Grasping for straws, like associating meat with masculinity and upvoting anecdotes that support their addiction and then looking away from the rational counterpoints. Then they turn around and say a prayer to their god before eating the corpses of their factory farmed "turducken."
I would like to add 2 points to consider which I don't see considered very often.

Point 1. If a prey animal isn't slaughtered humanely for food, what other deaths are available to it? Presumably, if we didn't farm them for food, we would let them run free. The deaths available in the wild all seem rather unpleasant. To be chased down and eaten, probably while still alive. To suffer some kind of damage or disease leading to death. To fail to find, or be able to obtain, sufficient food and water to continue to survive. Is any of that preferable to humane slaughter?

Point 2. Would it be wrong to force different indigenous communities to stop their traditional diets and hunting practices? Usually, these folk have exceptions to hunting bans in deference to their culture.

But I also have a culture, and part of that is the killing and eating of meat. What is different about their culture and my culture that I ought to forgo this practice?
He ignores the fact that we have an inherent desire to preserve the genes of our species but not the genes of exploitable food sources.
Why can't this argument be used to explain why it isn't ok to eat plants which are also living things?
The guy seperates "killing animals for food" and "eating animals for food". Surely there is no difference? If you kill an animal for food it therefore implies one shall eat it eventually.
[removed]
I agree that mass slaughter can be over the top. But the argument of eating plants over animals is moot to me. I see plants as alive since they grow and breath. They may not have blood like ours or be able to speak in sounds that we can hear but they are alive. So to me we need to eat living things to live. Pulling a plant out of the ground is no different than harvesting a pig or chicken. 
[removed]
[removed]
Philosophize This podcast did a great episode on the same subject.
Pigs might be as intelligent as young children, do you pig-eating people realize this?
He keeps asking if it is moral, but doesn't establish where morality comes from. If morality comes from a majority census by society, then it doesn't matter what you think - it is moral. If he is trying to deconstruct what americas morality is in order to answer this question, he doesn't have to do that. We eat pigs because we think it's morally acceptable. We don't think it's morally acceptable to eat humans. If he thinks that morality is transcendent of thought, then he should establish where that morality comes from and how we can understand what we can eat from that. 
Watched video & read through 95% of comments and did not see anything remotely close to this mentioned, so throwing it out there to add to the mix and hopefully ruffle some feathers:

a. If God exists, and made people above and uniquely different than animals, then we've got the go-ahead to eat them (or  not, free choice), but obviously not people as we are uniquely set apart.

b. If we're all just a giant cosmic accident, then what difference does it make? Nothing matters and everything is merely survival. If eating animals helps to do that, then wouldn't it be ok?
I think everyone makes really great points in this. I believe the issue is a symptom rather than a cause though. There are too many humans. We don't have to eat meat, but we do. That being said, as much as we think ourselves above nature, that in and of itself might be our biggest delusion. We fall victim to our primal vices every single day. Our issue is simply that we are becoming TOO good at getting what we want but we are clearly not advanced enough as a lifeform to realize how important it is for us especially to priortize what we NEED not want. This importance comes from the fact that we can no longer afford to live selfishly since our impact alone can change the very world itself. We as humans are very good at justifying these primal urges as we get older though so either way you cut it, we as a species will always seek the benefit of the short term before the long term. Humans will have truly comprehended our relationship with this world when we embrace the idea of " the elder planting a tree of which the shade it bears is one he shall never enjoy". Alas we don't think like this. We are intelligent yes, but it is becoming abundantly clear that with all our intelligence, we can't combat the very essence of what we are as a life form. It's almost comedic how no matter what we do to try and prove it otherwise, nature will inevitably bring us to our knees.
Throughout the video, you set out to prove why it is morally permissible. But in reality, it's not morally permissible. You can't prove a false statement.  
Some animals's sole reason for existance, regardless of their intelligence or their capacity to suffer, is to be a prey and keep alive other animals that feed on them or their remains. you cannot save every organism from suffering because by doing so you are negatively affecting other species that depend on them. species that can't reproduce or mature as fast. species that fill other roles in the food chain, such as humans. Every living thing has a place in it. be it a plant or an animal.

you complain about cattle, but i don't see anyone defending the rights of plancton. where millions upon millions of organisms are eaten by other species every day.  oh, but they don't suffer, you might say. oh really? and how do you know that? they are alive, just like every other animal. what would you suppose would happen if all sharks would dissapear from the oceans? sorry. i can't take you seriously if you think only cuddly critters need to be spared.
As a vegetarian child growing up in a school of non-vegetarian kids, this topic came up almost daily at lunchtime. Between the age of 8-12, other kids would ask why I had a pile of grated cheese on my plate instead of meat. I hated that question. The other kids felt very challenged by the idea that it wasn't necessary to eat meat. Sometimes my meat eating friends would feel sorry for me and defend vegetarianism as they ate their meat. One kid once asked, "how are you still alive?".

I've had this conversation so many times and I think that the obvious answer is that it can't be argued that it is morally correct. So the question I ask myself is why do people think that it is morally correct when it isn't. 

We are a tribal animal and when our tribe does something collectively, we have a strong urge to copy. Think of that psychology experiment where you put 10 people into a room, and when smoke pours in and 9 don't move then the 10th will stay put. 

Acting collectively is a massively advantageous attribute for survival in one sense. We can achieve so much more together. Ironically however, with global warming threatening to make mankind extinct, it is this same attribute that is to blame. 

Yes, we are omnivores. We are designed to consume animals. So yes, it's ok. You'll notice that we all have canine teeth and incisors and we have no trouble metabolizing animal protein. 
Animals have a central nervous system, brain, and heart. Their bodies work very similar to humans and try to maintain homeostasis. They can feel pain and feel fear. They can develop memories based off of negative experiences that manifest itself through avoiding that negative experience again. 

Humans don't need to eat meat. The protein we need can be found from other sources (soy, beans). Many products are now out that imitate the tastes and textures of real meat. There is also in progress, the growing of meat in labs, in which no animals were farmed. There are solutions to factory farming, and we should be moving towards those solutions and quit this archaic way of living.

Some great options:
http://beyondmeat.com/
https://gardein.com/
http://www.quorn.com/sustainability/
https://myvega.com/
https://www.hamptoncreek.com/
[removed]
What a stupid question.  We are omnivores and we are genetically predisposed to hunt and kill animals.  We've been doing since the beginning.  Why because we advance as a species and develop a system of self preservation is it questioned as an immoral act?  Fucking humans.
Based on this argument could we also come to the conclusion that is not morally permissible for a wolf to eat a pig, or for a lion to eat a gazelle, or potentially even for a spider to eat a fly?

And if so, are we also morally obligated to enforce this moral standard upon other creatures the same way we would enforce it on a cannibal human? 

Perhaps the difference we are looking for between the pig and the human is the concept of morality itself. This answer (and even the question of "is it morally permissible to kill animals for food") brings up an even bigger question: what is morality? That's a pretty big question that I don't believe has an easy answer so instead, I will tell you what morality is not. 

Morality is not a strict set of rules that governs the world or even our own species. There are societal norms and an accepted morality which mostly creates our laws, but this "lawful morality" also once said that gays shouldn't marry and that enslaving other humans is totally fine. 

Every generation and every society and even every person has a different concept of what is and is not morally permissible. Some human cultures do believe that killing other humans (for whatever reason) is not only permissible, but required under certain conditions. 

Morality is a matter of perspective but the core goal of morality is to create a set of "rules" that people abide by to be able to create and live together in a functional society whose end-game is to better itself. 

So back to the original question: is it morally permissible to kill animals for food? For me, yes. My personal morals dictate that it is not wrong for me to kill animals for food, and the society that I live in does not believe that my choice is wrong. If the question is posed to you, and your answer is no, then so be it. You have decided that it is not morally permissible for you to kill animals for food and society does not believe that your choice to abstain from it is wrong. 

There may come a time in the future where societal morality shifts and decides it is no longer permissible to kill and eat animals, but that time is not now.        
[removed]
I would agree with this video as someone who is not a Christian. But, as I am a Christian, I believe it is OK for humans to eat animals.


Genesis 1:29-30 says:  "And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.  And to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to every thing that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is life, I have given every green herb for meat: and it was so." 


God created animals and plants so that they *could* be eaten by humans. That is the purpose by which they were created.
If the animal was raised well then i have no issue eating it. In fact without the demand for meat the population of domesticated animals would plumit. 

Let me give an example. If everybody decised not to eat beef today then all the farmers who raise cows for beef (not dairy farmers) would have no incentive to keep their cows anymore, and they would eather kill their cows or release them. If they release the cows this could be a huge problem in many ways. First would be cows wondering across roads causing accidents. Another would be because cows have been domesticated so long that they dont have the same ability to survive unprotected in the wild. This means large predators will have a feast, for example wolf populations would skyrocket, which would be a horrid issue and the whole balance of whatever ecosystem would be thrown out of whack. 
Resulting in the population of the bovine species to plumet. 

So in conclusion by eating meet i am in effect creating a demand that allows the supply to continue to be looked after, in effect giving the animals a chance to live.
[deleted]
I read the question posed as: 
Is it morally permissible to kill for food when non-kill food options are available?

From an ecological perspective, I believe the answer is yes. Killing is a necessary part of a healthy, balanced, and biologically diverse ecosystem and humans are a natural predator in the ecosystem. When the United States killed off all of its wolves - in general, a huge number of its predators - in the west, prey populations skyrocketed and ecosystems changed for the worse.

When we look at factory farming and the number of animal deaths related to that, I feel the morality of killing for food becomes moot. It seems to me that we have created an obligation to kill all these animals simply because the alternative - releasing them to the wild - would wreak havoc on nature. Areas of the American west are still suffering the scars from overgrazing decades after grazing those areas has stopped, and the number of cattle then did not approach what we have today.

This raises an entirely different question which I don't want to try to address right now, and that is whether it is morally permissible to breed any animal for the eventual purpose of killing it.


I believe it comes down to a lack of proven sentience in the animals.

For example it is considered that humans are the only creatures who can currently be proven to have the ability to perceive their own existence and ask why?

Some other animals show traits that make us feel they are that much closer to us in that regard such as the great apes, dolphins and other animals that you most likely won't find at your deli counter.

The further we  as humans can put ourselves outside of the mind of how we think an animal would feel if they can feel at all makes it that much easier for us to kill them as food.

One of the examples given in the video is if aliens came down and started farming us. If this was the case we as humans would not simply allow ourselves to be corralled and farmed unless we were forced to by the aliens superiority we would fight or try to communicate and reason with the aliens. Pigs on the other hand don't ask where their buddies are going when they farmer heads off to slaughter they simply line up for the next tray of food. 

To follow that example it is said that our intelligence is not reason enough to eat the pig because some of us have less than the mental capacity of a pig. But not all of us do and this is the key point the majority of us are far and above smarter than pigs but lets say even a few pigs could match our human brains tit for tat and stand up and say "wait stop killing us we are not just dumb animals" we would most likely stop farming them. But they can't stand up and say that because pigs while very intelligent creatures are not concerned with the future of pig kind. They are only concerned with their immediate future and possibly that of their offspring. 

In conclusion I would say I have to disagree with the original posts claim that we should not eat pigs because some of them are smarter in some way than our mentally handicapped brethren. I do not agree with the way animals are treated in large farming and butchering operations and think that animals should be treated with higher standards even if they are destined for our consumption. But bacon is delicious and until a pig and a spider get together in reality to convince me of a higher intelligence. I am going to enjoy some pig.

History and alien cultures will not judge us at the current time for us eating animals. The reason I know for certain is because the United States, the most powerful rich country on the planet just elected Donald Trump. We don't have to worry about the ethics of anything for at least 100 years.
Life eats life. Plain and simple. 
It depends if you value aesthetic values (enjoying meat) over taking the life of a sentient animal. I personally still like meat too much to give it up. Thankfully it comes prepackaged in shrink wrap so I don't have to think about it too much.
The answer lies outside of the morals. 

We live in a bubble of matter that is sustainable to life, 
us being life, we must consume organic matter.
The the easiest and most effecient way to harvest nutrients is to collect it from other living things within our little life supporting bubble, because our species is so massive and advanced in our methods of making nutrients ready to eat. 


This video is a perfect example of how using straw men makes you feel superior in your argument without proving anything.
Is it morally permissible for a Lion to kill a Zebra for food?

Of course it is! They're animals, and they evolved to kill other animals for food.

But, WE're also animals, and killed animals for food over all of our evolution, and have a physiology designed to digest animals. We cannot live by Kale alone.

Why should Our kind of animal be more constrained to depart from its nature, than any other kind of animal?

"Because We have understanding, and they don't", you answer.

AHA! And there's the answer to the original question as well.

Pigs have no understanding of mortality. They surely understand pain and suffering, but not death.

If we can kill them in such a way as to avoid suffering, we've done them no harm.

I wouldn't want to kill an elephant, since they appear to understand death, mourn their dead, etc.

If we didn't eat pigs, there would be many fewer of them in the world. Over 95% of the weight of the mammalian biome consists of domesticated animals, mainly raised for food.

If we didn't eat them, the vast majority of pigs, cows, chickens, etc wouldn't exist at all. We give them life, protect them from disease  and predators that would kill them much more painfully than we do (or should do).

Would morality require that we raise them all, at considerable expense, but keep them as pets and not eat them?

Morally I'm able to be the best to others if I'm healthy. Rather than dragging society down, I can contribute. So on one hand, I could stop eating animals. I know someone's going to say I'm wrong, so I'mma say it this way. I, PERSONALLY, HAVE NEVER SEEN A HEALTHY VEGETARIAN. I have seen them in hospitals, I've seen them too thin, and the lack of protein is usually pretty bad because you cannot eat enough legumes to equal red meat. Having been raised with meat approximately once a week, (chicken, usually) I'm aware of the benefits of not eating a lot. But. That's not what he's talking about.
That being said, I'm sure someone out there is a very healthy, interesting smelling person who doesn't eat animals. "He didn't say meat, but I'm a vegetarian and I eat fish!" Go watch the video and tell me the difference between a fish and a pig.
"But I can eat eggs and stuff!" Yes! Because it's okay to enslave and take eggs from animals (aware they're not fertilized), but you just can't kill that particular animal. That brings about the moral question of slavery and possession and the level of equality is has to killing.

And my favorite! Why do we care more about animals than plants? They have feelings, they have nerves, they cry, etc...? Because in the end, biologically speaking, we have the same goal. To live, to pass on young. In that regard, there is no moral difference. You are killing to eat either way. But since we can physically see the distress of an animal, we relate.

I find the logic flawed. But I also don't eat much animals. Strictly beside I was getting a gut, not because I'm actually a "moral" person.
It is a food chain and we are at the top of that food chain so there shouldn't be "ethics" on if it's okay to eat an animal. Obviously not like dogs or cats but the main animals that generations over generations have always killed for food. 
[removed]
My opinion on Morals...
LEVEL 1: Instinct
People do what is in their best interests when it comes to survival.  Every (wo)man for themselves

LEVEL 2: Morals
Peoples 'morals' are an individuals attempt to understand that immediately satisfying decisions may be put off in favor of greater longterm goals.  ex.  I am hungry but I will not kill my fellow human because I can survive by eating this apple and then I may have companionship later.  Morals are kinda like common sense (and they do vary amongst a populous)

LEVEL 3: Structure - Packs
Different people develop different morals but often, a common trait is a goal of 'bonding' with the same species.  This can be attributed to core needs such as reproduction, saftey, companionship, etc.  This brings packs of people together who share the same 'morals'

Level 4: Sturcture - Govenment
Now that we have packs of like minded people we go through a similar cycle.  Packs have their best interest in mind and will kill other packs if it benefits them.  The problem is that mentality is reciprocal.  As the society grows both packs learn that they can survive by just kill less evolved species at much less cost than killing each other.  The packs bond and setup a government.  Government rules based on the majority of the morals everyone agrees on.  Groups with most morals in line with the government suppress their minority morals or exercise them in private amongst those who are like-minded.  Those far enough from societies moral compass are removed from the structure.

Conclusion:
Pigs are stuck somewhere between Level 1 and 2.  If our best interest is bacon, pigs better work on climbing the evolutionary ladder to level 4 and complete a petition.  BTW: If Aliens do come to our planet and we in fact taste like bacon to them, you better believe we will be treated as bacon and the aliens will have no moral dilemmas about it.

Given morality is a construct of people's commonly held beliefs or determinations of what is and isn't acceptable in society there is no universal moral sense. So our sense of morals is determined by the collective practices of this surrounding us. It is simply people themselves that determine if it is acceptable to kill the pig for food when there are other alternatives available thus making it a moral choice.

If our society decided that morality was based upon a different set of principles namely making sure that we alway us the less sentient source of food and it was unacceptable to do otherwise we would consider killing the pig immoral. 

Likewise if we lived in a society were there was a culturally acceptable practice of eating the lease useful members of our tribe we would consider practices moral. 

We have seen shift in moral behavior throughout the existence of morality with issues such as human sacrifices, slavery, war conquest for profit.  At some point these things were morally acceptable but as societies appetite for such items declined it was considered morally irrepressible. 

So in conclusion it is morally acceptable to kill the pig because society as a whole agrees it is acceptable behavior. 
Humanity's freewill to do literally whatever we please  with our bodies should be enough to justify not eating another human. The amount of stuff, from food, drugs and medications, alcohol or whatever someone wishes to ingest is completely up to them and those odds are not worth it lol
What you keep stating is that there is not logical difference between a human and a pig that could not also be used by an alien on us. I say this is false. Humans are the only creatures that we have any evidence for sentience as well as subjectivity. The only way we can provide this evidence is to ourselves, true the aliens can use this argument as well, but if it turns out we aren't sentient, then sure, I could care less if they eat us. Unfortunately we are. We know we are sentient. We don't have any evidence that pigs are. 
[removed]
When is it morally defensible to judge others' choices? Is it enough if a third party just feels sympathy for the pig or kale or brother? Or do they need some skin in the game, so to speak?

This is an awful gambit I shouldn't play because I'm personally too relativist to hold any answer in my goblet for very long.
I posit this then:

Where do you draw the line between "animal" and "plant"?

As far as I can tell, all the criteria used to define living beings, include plants. 
The whole industry is a bit queazy to me when you look into it. But I have no problem with the idea of eating animals. I just don't think the mass farming and the manner we mass farm them are ideal. 
I always think of it like this. I imagine myself in a perfect state. Sitting in a state of loving and peaceful feelings. That state I'd like to be in all the time. Then I see a tomato plant in front of me and a cute little rabbit. Now i reach over and pick a tomato from the plant. Maintaining my good feelings is easy. It's a beautiful thing. Then I take I knife and grab the little bunny by the back of the head and slit it's throat. Much harder to maintain my good feelings and it's not a nice experience in my mind. This is enough to demonstrate that the act of killing another being is not in line with the state I'd like to create in myself and in the world. Also it's clear that picking a tomato and killing a living animal are vastly different acts. 
In a world where aliens come to visit us, why is our biggest concern the morality of eating pigs?
This video misses the point entirely. Pigs ARE a safe food source for humans, humans are NOT a safe food source for other humans. Therefore don't kill and eat people and your survivability increases.
By this logic it's also wrong to kill Kale for food.
The big thing he misses is that the pig doesn't ever say "Why are you eating me?"
Amazing video. I hope people can watch it with an open mind. 
It's okay to do it. Trust me.
Consider this.

Everything eventually dies. We can't and shouldn't prevent that from happening, it is the way it always has and always should be.
Once a 'soul' if you will, leaves the body the body becomes a empty husk, full of resources that benefit those around it in some way or another. To let that go to waste is a horrible shame, even today, in this era of abundance we use as much of an animal as we can so that nothing goes to waste. I personally think that choosing to reject the nature of how things work simply because you're convinced that little old you abstaining from eating meat will do anything to stop this somehow wrong practice that has been the very base of our civilisation from continuing to exist is simply absurd and stupid.
There are a lot of people here who seem desperate to prove that it's morally ok to kill a pig. Just say you're going to eat the pig no matter what and be done with it. If you're so cool with it then it doesn't matter whether or not someone tries to tell you it's morally wrong.
[removed]
So you want the entire the world to turn vegetarian ? 
I can't even watch these videos, I just got back from thanksgiving in rural Minnesota. The turkey was raised, slaughtered and prepared at my aunt and uncles house, same with the pig we ate and the corn and all the vegetables...that venison jerky? My uncle shot that last week. All delicious, animals taste great

Only in America this is an ethics issue. If you were in North Korea killing animals for food would never be an issue. 
I think it's a nonsensical question. Morality can't be applied to this as we live in a system in which everything with our biology kills and eats some other living thing. We can not have life, without taking life. We can not exist without killing and eating some other living thing. Even if we are not directly killing the food we do so by proxy as the industrial machine, be it farming, animal farming, supplement creation, etc, does all the killing and nutrient extraction for us. At it's  core the question asks is it morally right to exist. 
"But the pig might say ..."   
Except no pig can say, both because the pig can't speak and, more importantly, because the pig can't reason. The ability to "think, understand, and form judgments by a process of logic" is the key difference between us and the animals we kill for food.     
The ability of the species to reason makes the species immoral to eat. His severely retarded brother, even if he lacked the ability to reason, is still a member of a species which can reason, so killing his brother is different than killing a pig. Likewise, we as a species clearly reason, so it is immoral for the alien to kill us for food, but not for us to kill pigs for food.


Confusing logic.  Remember everyone, you are all animals.
I mean it beats the alternative to starving to death.
Yes, considering we have evolved with canine teeth, naturally classifying us as carnivores. If the only argument is that we were created and didn't evolve, then you're an idiot for believing in fairy tales and not considering that if there were a god, he created us with canine teeth, making us carnivores.  
First, I'd just like to say that I love theoretical science, especially when it comes to ethics. I also like pinning ethics against nature, or the laws of it, because it gives us a sense of how far we've come as knowledgable people!

So, with that said, I'm gonna have to rule with nature on this one. I think it is morally acceptable to kill any animal, and honestly even a human, for survival. Now, for no reason other than we like how it tastes? Well, that's for us as humans to decide, and we can't base it on natural causes. No other animal has the desire to kill an animal it won't eat, so we can't even begin to compare it.

We also have to remember that while hunting and foraging are means for survival, they are also means to help limit population growth. Animals only goals are to live and breed. They don't aspire to be great philosophers or fix problems with the country they live in. If necessary, yes, the pig would attempt to kill and eat you.

Another important thing to remember is the reasons we don't kill and eat humans are somewhat varied. One is that it's unethical to farm humans, as it would be weird for a pig to farm other pigs. Not just that it's cannibalism, but imagine one day you got bent over and told that you're a farm animal now. Wouldn't that be odd? Another problem is that we carry respect for our dead, and we can't really respect our dead if we eat them.

Humans have a lot of humility, and I always find it funny whenever we start talking about the ethical morals of affecting another living thing's life. Or we could just, y'know, ignore it? Whenever we humans try to interfere in another thing's life, it doesn't go down very well. We either make it worse, or place them in a position that was so vastly different from their last, it's almost like we put them in a completely different predicament.

TL;DR, Pigs have lived their lives for a long time with us killing and farming them and existing in the wild. They haven't gone extinct yet and they certainly aren't going to anytime soon.
Does the lion feel bad for eating antelope ? 

We are at the top of the food chain . It is okay to eat animals, just because we can. 

I think if any animal got higher in their local food chain most species wouldn't hesitate to consume more or be sympathetic to other animals
Life and death go hand in hand. If we didn't eat meat we wouldn't have the mental capacity to discuss this issue in the first place.

For me, its a non issue, its a part of life and it always has been and always will be. I see it simply as a issue of maturity and intelligence. Millions of animals kill other animals on this planet everyday for food, we are just part of this system. Accept it please so we can move on to more important problems.
 
If you cant, you better pack your camping gear and head bush, because right now, as I'm typing this, there's probably a million+ animals dying from injuries, disease or about to be eaten by another animal.... quick, better save them so you can feel good.

Think about this.... We revere the "Big Cats" of this world, the Lions and Tigers.... magnificent animals they are, not to be hunted or killed for sport or even food.... Every day they maim and kill other animals, in the most horrible ways, they even start eating some of their pray whilst it's still alive. Shouldn't we wipe them out? Oh no no no.... it's part of nature... its survival... it's nature. 
Well, we are animals too... we are part of nature... we need to survive to... and yes, we need animal products to do that.

Manage it correctly, to the best of our ability, but get over it. We need to do it.
I've seen this pop up so many times. I find it as annoying as hell. Quite simply I know his argument is garbage, but I don't have the philosophy background to put my finger on exactly what's wrong.  But here I go anyway.

The first fallacy is on of to many questions. Tyler Dogget starts off by narrowing the issue to the point that the morality of the consequences of killing animals for food isn't up for debate. How convenient. Because once that is done, his argument fails. Repeatedly.

Allow me to bring in the morality of the consequences of killing for food. Is it morally acceptable to kill animals for food given that our bodies biologically require animal products? Or are we morally obligated to eat manufactured food to avoid killing animals?

I'd like to go through a few of his arguments with the expanded question. And in this instance use his style of argument. Is it morally permissible to kill people for food. Well, let's ask that in a slightly different fashion. Is it okay to feed pigs to pigs? Or chickens to chickens? The answer is nope. One way to facilitate the transfer of disease is to feed an animal back to its own kind. Pigs to pigs, chickens to chickens. And that is never appropriate. Pigs to chickens or chickens to pigs, not a problem. So is it okay to eat people. Nope. Never.

What about aliens? Well aliens by definition evolved on a different plant and would not be able to nutritionally use the food in our bodies. So it's pretty easy to say it would be immoral. Just as many consider killing for the hell of it to be immoral. Size, strength, sentience don't even need to enter into the question.

It's only by unreasonably restricting the question that it's possible to avoid basic biology. And the real moral question.

And here I'm going to go off to the side abut. Is there a moral difference between feeding an obligate herbivore meat and feeding an obligate carnivore a vegan diet? 

And is it appropriate to feed an obligate carnivores such as cats a meat based diet? Is it morally appropriate to feed omnivores such as skunks and most birds, meat? Or Tyler Dogget's pig for that matter.

If it's appropriate to feed animals a diet they have evolved to eat, why would it be wrong to continue to eat the diet that allowed us to become human?
Is it possible that our Creator gave us dominion over plants and animals? According to the Declaration of Independence our Founders wrote that we the people have unalienable rights given to us by God (not by any man because man cannot give another man his rights). 

Therefore, it is my right to kill animals for food (not to abuse). It is your right to not kill animals to eat. Do not not make a moral argument that it is unethical to kill animals for food, because there is none. Animals are not people, as you says in the video. 
I'm sorry but he avoids one large hole in his genetic and equivalence arguments that being humans are conscious sentient beings  and pigs like most animals are biological robots going from day to day eating breeding and sleeping with no concept of a higher purpose therefore they aren't like humans at all as they don't think like us, hell do they even THINK 
I believe that morality doesn't even exist. Why? Because it differs in every individual. What I think is right and what you think is right can both be completely different things. Therefore, there cannot be 1 definition of morality. If you cannot explain something to the point of where it has complete conclusive and unbiased evidence, then it is not fact. Therefore, morality is not factual, and therefore, we cannot say that morality exists. 

What you can argue, however, is what you yourself determine is good and what is bad. That being said, we cannot take your opinion on the matter and spread it as law.

I've been thinking about this for a long time, and I've come to the conclusion that feelings of good and bad should not even be considered on any matter. Everything raps around to the questions of "Am I able to do this? Can I get away with this? Will I survive the consequences?" If you answer yes to all 3 questions, then I believe that your actions are justifiable.

But then you can argue about what is truly defined as survival. Is it determined by longevity, by happiness or by an equal mixture of both? Again, this is completely subjective and different to each individual.

At this point is where I give up and say that philosophy does not have a definite answer or an end. No subject about morality has a definite answer, and I believe that a judge of character is completely based on what each person thinks and believes. I think that goes for anything discussed on a philosophical answer.
http://www.livescience.com/24875-meat-human-brain.html

Very interesting read that suggests a connection between the introduction of meat into our early human ancestors' diets, and evolution.

This is a stance I have yet to see taken in this thread, and one which I feel just may be the answer to the question, "Is it morally permissible to eat animals?".

It almost renders the question of morality completely irrelevant, and instead suggests we consume animals to facilitate our own species' evolution.

Throughout history we have seen species that continuously evolve, survive, and species that do not evolve go extinct, or at the very least, have a much higher likelihood of going extinct in the future.

It is interesting that (following the premise the article above states) the very phenomenon responsible for our evolution and consequent consciousness of morality is now in question.

Life on Earth has never had the privilege (or dilemma, depending on which stance you take) of questioning its own actions. Every action, every exertion of energy, has been out of necessity, up until the point humans developed consciousness and eventually morality. It is only now, in a position of relative safety and comfort, that we can question why we do the things we do, and live the way we live.

It is hard to speculate where we would be as a species on the evolutionary scale had we not made the transition to becoming omnivorous. But if there is merit to the idea that meat-eating was (and may very well still be) the catalyst to our evolution as a species, then why question it? 

Ironically, while we are at the top of the food chain, I still feel that humans are not as safe and secure in terns of our spot on this planet than we might think. Again, with irony, this is because of where we are on our journey through evolution. While we have become more dominant over the species' below us, we have become equally more dangerous to our own kind.

This, I believe, is why we must adopt increasingly morally acceptable treatment of animals for consumption, and continue on our current path.

I'm sure most of us are aware that we currently employ rather inhumane practices in regards to our treatment of livestock, and this is what must change.

Not, as this video seems to suggest, our consumption of animals in the first place.
If animals can eat meat then so can we. And just so the vegans know, plants do speak, through scents they give off. That smell everyone enjoys of fresh cut grass after its been mowed, yeah that's the grass screaming in pain. Every animal (including humans) survive by eating something that is alive. Whether it be other animals or plants. Saying one is more ethically sound to eat than the other is small minded. That being said it doesn't make it alright to torture our food either. Each animal should be treated well and given a quick painless death. It's the least we can do to thank it for feeding us and allowing us to live long healthy lives.
Some other fuel for the fire.  Those animals would, for the most part, never exist at all, if not for human cultivation.  Also, those lives that did exist, would be most often be shorter, and more brutal than the relative ease we raise our livestock in.  

I believe we should seek ethical meat, and refrain from things like veal, but I will probably switch to lab grown meat the moment it's viable.

There's still a pang of regret in that, because like I said, when lab grown meat is viable, most of those animals will die and not be allowed to breed, and will not be viable in the wild.
[removed]
[removed]
Is it ethical to kill plants for food?  If it ever becomes practical to grow meat in a lab, will it be ethical to kill that for food?  In any of these cases there's a lot of living matter that stops living prematurely so that we may continue to live.

The argument against meat consumption that makes the most sense to me is the unsustainability of it for current population levels.  I guess that may just be an argument against the practicality instead of the morality, though.
I can't believe this guy is a teacher at a university but can't answer an easy question like this. Animals don't have rights. When an animal can say don't eat me cuz I wanna live then he deserves rights. If not then MMmmm bacon.
Im going to tell you something that will hurt many sensitive hearts here. But after reading some threads i have come to the conclusion that many people dont know. 

*Every single animal and some plants are DESIGNED to kill another living being in order to feed himself* 

Thats not the worse part. The worse part is that most of them do it in a painful and agonizing way unless they are extremely venomous or an experienced feline. 

The human being is omnivorous get over this.  And let people eat what they want. Respect others decisions and above all respect thousands and thousands years of evolution. 
Governments should always be defined by their people, not the other way around. Governments should also always fear their people in order to keep their best interests in mind.
 I had a conversation with an English tutor of mine not too long ago about this. 

We settled on a summary that I thought was probably more powerful than I gave it credit for: "It is important that we don't, romanticize, independence"
Think for yourself. Question authority.
Man this is a hard text by itself not being native english speaker makes this really hard to comprehend, does someone know a easier version or a german one?
**AMA**:

Roy T Cook (CLA Scholar of the College, Professor, and Director of Graduate Studies in the Department of Philosophy at the University of Minnesota) will be doing an AMA next Tuesday at 2PM EST on philosophy of mathematics, logic and comics here on /r/philosophy. See the [announcement thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/5e6cx8/ama_announcement_tuesday_1129_2pm_est_roy_t_cook/) for more information and leave questions beforehand; otherwise you can tune in Tuesday afternoon for live Q&A.
Here's a relevant question. By what physical process does the brain convert a bunch of neuronal pulses in the visual cortex into the fabulous 3D vista that we think we see in front of us?
Would I be wrong or over-simplifying in boiling down the challenge of consciousness into the question, "do I have a brain or does a brain have me?"


1. Am I (is my true identity) something which uses the brain as an instrument to interact and engage with the material world?


Or


2. Am I (is my true identity) the brain, which simultaneously creates, organizes and experiences a self-imposed, fluid representation of the material world?
>But it is even more puzzling that experience is usually described as experience of something else, of something that is not me. I experience a red apple. You experience a piece of music. Ruth experiences a landscape. How is this possible since, if we leave aside quantum mechanics (for the moment), our traditional view of nature tells us that an object is what it is and nothing more? William James put this very clearly when he asked, How can the room I am sitting in be simultaneously out there and, as it were, inside my head, my experience? We still have no answer to that question.

Is it really that puzzling? Have these people ever seen a camera? If you took a picture of a dog and showed it to Mr. Manzotti, would he ask "How can the dog be on the screen, and out there at the same time?"
Perceptions are exclusive to the individual while consciousness itself is universal and omnipresent. 
Out of the hundreds of comments I see none that have responded to the content of the OP, instead riffing off of the title. Accordingly, further comments on this topic are now locked.
[removed]
To be given its "proper place" (let's grant that this *is* at the heart of UK education), we need good philosophy teachers. 

Where are the thousands that are required going to come from?  Teaching philosophy badly might be worse than none at all.
[removed]
"Let’s aim for less monologue, more dialogue."

Essential. 

Especially in a school where children interact face to face on a daily basis. 

It would help them to separate the shallow modes of thinking that the virtual space can encourage by associating the tangible existence with depth, inviting introspection, and encouraging them to bring those intersections to light in constructive conversations with peers. 

I think that, that is how a generation (and any community) is strengthened- by having those deep conversations with one another whether it's one on one or a small group. 
Rhetoric and Logic (beginners level at least) is probably even more important. Polite discussion where valid arguments are used to defend your opinion is very hard to find these days. These things should be mandatory regardless the discipline you are learning. 
The only posts I see from this sub are the ones that make the front page and they are always the same. 

>link to an article saying we need to teach philosophy in schools

>bunch of commenters agreeing the world would be a better place if philosophy were taught in school
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
The fact that schools teach religion but not philosophy is something that always baffled me.
Teaching scepticism would be good.  Especially what is claimed or asserted during the rest of philosophy class.
As someone with a Ph.D. in Philosophy who has been searching for a full time teaching position for the past 15 years....Yes, and not just in the U.K.
Here in the U.S., most teaching spots are filled on a single class contract basis,  you are paid per class taught, no benefits.  You can work full time (4 classes per semester) and barely make 18,000 usd/year and still have no health insurance.  Lovely.
What's even sadder is that many universities are eliminating their philosophy departments altogether and teaching the few required classes through other departments. Logic is treated as a math course; Ethics is taught through the Drama department (Plato's dialogues); Intro is treated as a literature/freshman writing course.
[removed]
[removed]
A lot of what was previously classified as philosophy now falls under the fields of science, economics, maths, religious studies etc. The definition is a narrower. That said, teaching rhetoric and logic should probably be mandated at a high school level. Fallacies everywhere! (Hah)
There are a number of problems with the education our youngsters receive. But this is one of the big ones for me. 
IB is great that way, the subject Theory of Knowledge kind off covers philosophy and helps with critical thinking!
As a philosophy student, I think this is a bad idea. Highscholers dont need overthinking things more than they already do
What do you propose taking classroom time away from in order to free up instructional time for philosophy??

The  schedule is already full.
*all education
https://youtu.be/N-_dCegznYc
All education systems are looking for standarize the contents, the aims and the resources and the problem starts at this point. In Spain philosophy is a non-important subject. So teachers are not qualified at all in Philosophy. Only if you have good luck, you can find a teacher that really loves teaching more than who was Plato or Socrates...
At my children's senior school, in the UK, they teach: Religion, Philosophy and Ethics. How well it in implemented I do not know, also not sure the grouping with religion is a great idea.
High school English class was my first introduction into philosophy. Definitely had an impact on how I think and read.
If it's that important, could the parents try to teach their children topics like philosophy? Not only would it be a great way to be involved, but a parent could also learn a thing or two about their child's view of the world rather than have a stranger teach it to them. 
Is there any activism or petitions going around to get this off the ground?
The big, big problem faced by philosophy in school is that it has to be examined. I can't think of a way something so open and thought based could be.

[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
I recently wrote my IB extended essay on this exact topic. I also used the acient Greeks as support for my argument, but it was Plato not Socrates. I completely agree with the conclusion of the article. Education no longer focuses on the grooming of personal virtues, focusing almost entirely on the development of knowledge and sometimes work ethic.
I studied Philosophy at a level and although I may not have liked it at the time I do believe it has made me a better, more well rounded person in a way that I look at things in a philosophical light and am able to engage in high level conversation and has helped me at university with my study of history 
Philosophy is taught at GCSEs in the UK. Not many schools or students choose to do it but it is taught at GCSE level as well as at A-Levels 
Source: I am a student learning Philosophy in England
When I was in school in India, we had a subject called 'moral science'. It was an attempt at philosophy but because most Indians come from very diverse backgrounds, the material taught was intentionally tame so as to not offend anyone. In the end, we missed out on the meatier discussions of philosophy. Only focussing on some feel good stuff that didn't promote any form of rational thinking.
Currently Philosophy is paired up with Religion, with more of a focus on Religion than Philosophy. In case you didn't know.
Philosophy is for the library, not the real world.
Philosophy is wonderful in the sense that it helps us to understand the nature of humanity, but with the glaring problems we face, such as environmental issues and the novelization of technology for entertainment as opposed to the application for societal betterment, one would be mode inclined to stress teaching STEMI courses. At least in the USA, we have far too many Liberal Arts/Humanities/Philosophy degrees and far too few in the STEMI fields.
Title reads like a start to r/jokes
I would say that not only in UK
Teaching philosophy is an injustice to philosophy.
I took philosophy for a bit but ended up dropping it after a while, it just seemed like a load of airy-fairy bollocks.
Always thought this!!!!
Education in general needs to become more adaptable to introverted students. Many studies show that introverts produce better work in a shorter tine frame when working on their own, and yet schools continue to push group tasks onto everyone.
Which philosophy?

Nihilism - Nazis

Utilitarianism - communism

Enlightenment - democracy and imperialism/colonialism

Or maybe cultural Marxism?
Philosophy is a touchy topic. For it to be taught here in the U.S., one would need a doctoral degree in philosophy to even teach it. I don't see how it would be taught in a K-12 education here in the states or even anywhere else. I'm not even sure if students at an early age would even appreciate the subject, it would be only a select few if anything. 
"Why does 1 +1 = 2"

Well?
This article was hillarious. It's the intellectual equivalent of "let them eat cake."

I'd much rather teach kids financial skills and technical skills that'll help them earn a living.  Not to mention lead them towards STEM subjects which our nation desperately needs. 
[removed]
This is no different than when moral prigs tried to ban comic books in the 1950's. Sane people can distinguish between fake violence in a first-person shooter video game or a VR game or a movie or a novel. Insane people, well they'll always be with us and that's a difficult problem. But limiting entertainment choices because you don't like the content is the worst kind of censorship. You're assuming people can't tell the difference between reality and make believe.

Is VR uniquely different? It's probably the same thing they said when someone figured out how to add sound to silent movies. Entertainment technology moves forward. Tut-tutting scolds never change.
Read the play "The Nether", by Jennifer Haley. Set in a near future, a man is put on trial for creating the most life like virtual simulation ever, and using it to allow people with "particular tastes" an avenue for deviant behavior. Very interesting play, with themes similar to the OP. 
>the possibility of the complete physical experience of killing someone, without harming a soul.

Okay, so she kinda concedes that you aren't effectively harming anybody, but then she goes on to say:

>Before it becomes possible to realistically simulate the experience of killing someone, murder in VR should be made illegal.

Why? Near the end of the article she says:

>In an immersive virtual environment, what will it be like to kill? Surely a terrifying, electrifying, even thrilling experience. But by embodying killers, we risk making violence more tantalising, training ourselves in cruelty and normalising aggression. 

I don't see how this argument is any different than saying that playing "normal" video-games makes kids more violent, even though several studies have found no correlation.
This doesn't make sense.  

The author states repeatedly that there's a "risk" in this - that "the consequences of such complete identification are unknown" - that "we must be wary."  It's clear - in fact stipulated - that we do not *know* that any harm might come from allowing murder in virtual reality.  And beyond that, it's certainly the case that any harm that might come from it can only be tangential - that no actual person can possibly be harmed in virtual reality, and that it can only possibly be the case that there might be some correlation between bringing harm to an image in virtual reality and bringing harm to some living, breathing human.

Illegality, on the other hand, has immediate, measurable and undeniable destructive effects.  Making a thing illegal *by design* brings harm to living, breathing humans.

So the author is arguing that we should deliberately and willfully bring harm to human beings because there might be a risk that allowing them to do some particular thing in virtual reality might in some way contribute to the possibility that they might at some future point in time commit some entirely separate act that might bring some harm to human beings.
But if we decide there should be limits and rules in an alternative, fake reality then what would be the point of even using it if we have to abide to what we can or cannot do in real life?

For me, murder in virtual reality should be an *add on*. 
We have always known a blurring, if not a breaking, of the line between the virtual and the real to be an inevitability of advancing computer technology. This will most likely include at least some degree of all the kinds of suffering you could expect. False memories, locked-in syndrome, etc.

The idea that you can prevent this from happening with censorship of certain types of content is a joke. At this point there is probably no stopping it - to do so would require a complete overthrow of all civilization as we know it, to make the suppression of computer technology the primary organizing principle.

There has been more speculative science fiction written about these issues than you could consume in a lifetime. What will actually happen? Nobody really knows, this side of it. That's the only real meaning of 'singularity'. The fact that it's 'finally' coming to pass, right on track for that old 2030-2050 guess, seems surreal only because of the anticipation it has been given.

Personally I don't think it will be 'the end of the world'. Maybe the end of *this* world, but what does that even mean anymore, when the world is already defined by constant changes coming faster than anyone can keep track of?
A question that I believe should be asked, can be asked within the virtual realities that offer the option of murder. "Why would I kill here, but not out there?" 

The answer to the question should be as simple as "Well because it's not real"

 If in a virtual reality, I must shoot down an enemy soldier, or battle hand to hand against an armed robber, or indeed, commit an act of murder intended by whatever character I'm going to be playing as, then I must understand that I am not playing myself, and that I am not indeed on some battleground in space, or fighting for my life in the suburbs, or trying to kill uncle Joe because he stole the last slice of pie. Self-awareness is key. 
It's almost like she would think banning certain types of pornography in the UK would be a great idea. What a stupid idea. (excuse me a moment) "Really? Uh huh! So you are telling me that the UK government actually wants to do that and has proposed legislation?"
Let's think about what it takes to knowingly, intentionally kill a person. Assuming it is not done under the influence of rage & revenge giving a sense of justice, e.g. murdering the murderer of your spouse or parent, you have to be lacking enough in empathy to not care about this other person's terror.

They know they're about to die, they know their careers are over, they know they'll never see their loved ones again, and their loved ones will be distraught over their loss for the rest of their lives, they know they'll never get to enjoy their hobbies again, they'll never see another sunrise, sunset, never feel the thrill of life, never see what the future had in store for them, never experience what it's like to grow old, and more. In order to murder a person, you have to be emotionally capable to not care about any of these things.

You have to be able to keep this mountain of pain you're about to create from touching you, or otherwise have a will to end this person's life stronger than the fear of experiencing the pain of causing all this pain, should you not be utterly lacking in empathy. It is, quite possibly, the pinnacle of inhumanity.

Now let's look at what it takes to kill someone in VR: *"Haha, you lose. Better luck next time."*

Both real murder and virtual murder share the struggle, the fight for one party to overwhelm & defeat the other. It does not, however, share the emotional implications of severing all the ties that make up a human life & snuffing it out. It's utterly nonsensical.

I own a VR headset and I've experienced presence - the sensation of *truly* being there, that the world you see is an actual plane of existence that encompasses you, rather than being a fancy, tracked 3DTV in front of your face - zipping around in a space fighter as I blast the enemy team to bits. It is fully realized virtual murder. Again, and again, and again. As a real-world analogue, would I be indifferent to sit in my own tank & blow up another tank full of people? Goodness no. In reality? I wouldn't hurt a fly. The idea of causing someone undue harm & suffering horrifies me.

Just more fuel to the flames of parental terror over their children being brainwashed to violence by <insert media here>. Sigh. Perhaps people should start looking at how they treat one another before pointing at things like movies, games & now VR as scapegoats for the shortcomings of society. 
I don't think it should be illegal but I do think, as we get closer to blurring the lines between what is real and isn't real with technology, we should consider adding some sort of cleanser or step down method. 

We already have people who get so physically and emotionally involved in gaming that they are prone to outbursts outside of games. There are also many more people who don't get this way.

I personally believe gaming should be more of an adult thing due to the development of the human brain. Gaming does have some benefits though as well.

I just hope it's being studied more. As society becomes more automated we'll have more of a need to promote a healthy mindset and the current way of gaming and how it's perceived by society will change.

In it's current state though, I don't believe we need to be that drastic.

This article is nothing more than a dressed up version of "video games make kids violent."

The author extrapolates people will go commit crimes based on other situations rooted in the *appearance of their avatar.* Being more confident because of a tall avatar is a significant leap from virtual murder **could** lead to actual murder. 

Additionally, the first video game study she references used a sample size of 70 people. The second citation is waaay TL;DR. I'm willing to entertain the larger point if her tangential research wasn't used to reach a specious conclusion.

The larger point she's making, and it isn't the clickbait headline, is: 

"Virtual Reality alters our physical and mental perception of self. Society must be prepared to address these challenges as VR becomes more widely available"

...but that headline doesn't generate advertising revenue


I've always loved Cecil's lectures. He helped introduce me to a range of philosophers and ideas. Looking back I think my favorite lectures of his was the one on American Exceptionalism and the one on an introduction to Knowledge. 
Isn't mind-hack a derogatory term to de-contextualize, and de-politicise the philosophy?
[Courage Under Fire: Testing Epictetus’s Doctrines in a Laboratory of Human Behavior (pdf)](http://media.hoover.org/sites/default/files/documents/978-0-8179-3692-1_1.pdf)
This is pretty good, if a bit too broad, and thus a bit too shallow. 

The author hits on what is in my opinion one of the most notable points regarding stoicism.  It's often treated disparagingly as an expression of powerlessness, but in practice, it's quite the opposite.

It's simply a fact that among all of the things that surround an individual, there are some that that individual can control and others that that individual cannot control.  Any time and energy directed toward trying to control that which cannot be controlled is wasted, and not merely negated, but ill-spent.  It's not merely time and energy that went to no purpose, but time and energy that could have been directed toward controlling that which can be controlled, but was not.

First among the things that one can generally control is oneself.  That is the center from which attempts to control radiate - it's "closest to the source," so to speak.  That's where ones own attempts at control are most effective, and the attempts of others the least.  Or, more to the point, they're potentially the least effective - first it's necessary for the individual to recognize the potential for self-control, and distinguish between that which can be controlled and that which cannot be.

Those who lust for control over others are often cunning in their attempts.  Brute force is the least effective means, really.  It's far more effective to manipulate an individual such that they "choose" to exercise their control over their selves for your benefit.  As but one example, that is the exact purpose of propaganda - of virtually all emotive rhetoric, for that matter.  

Stoicism, understood and applied, is a counter against such manipulative pursuit of power, and thus a power in its own right.  The stoic not only recognizes that which cannot be controlled, but that which can be, and by distinguishing between the two, can direct time and energy away from the former and toward the latter.  So when the power monger seeks to manipulate people into exercising their own self-control for her benefit, the stoic sees it for what it is and simply refuses to grant her entry.  The stoic simply recognizes and maintains control of that which she can control - herself.

It's little wonder really that Nietzsche, and so many of his devotees, are so hostile toward stoicism.  Their keening lust for power, by which they so often mean control over others, is simply negated by the stoic refusing to indulge them - refusing to exercise his self-control for their benefit.  Ultimately then, the stoic is more powerful than they are, and that's what really galls.
Agreed. This outlined my beliefs far better than I have ever explained them. Happy I took the time to read. Thanks!
Thanks OP, that was very interesting.
Had to be done - to back up why indifference is a power - George carlin why its important to not [give a shit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZGo6mWjk4Y)
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
It my opinion it is the difference between a word and a sentiment and people should not have to apologise for using a word if there was no intended malice.

Even in the video you linked to, both the presenter and the other guest were clearly surprised by the use of the word but to my eyes neither appeared affronted. 
[removed]
What do you think about the position saying...that making the n-word so politically incorrect to say, that gives it more power when the racists use it?

Now this is prob going to sound naive. But I used to hope that through rap (which some are surprised to learn is largely listened to by whites), the n-word would slowly become viewed as an endearing word, instead of derogatory one.

I'm white, and me and my best friends favorite artist was Lil Wayne. For example, in one song he says "I ride for my mother fucking niggas", "I die for my mother fucking niggas". That is such a powerful statement. I don't think there is any other word that you could substitute for "niggas" that would be as powerful.

In high school my close friends would then say things like "My nigga" to each other. But it was really just a way to say "my best friend".  There was no racial context to it, other then we knew what it could mean in a racial context. But none of us were racist at all. We just admired the comradery, and bond that the word represented when Wayne used it in an endearing context, and wanted to emulate it. 

I still listen to rap, and am still inclined to think in my head, thats my nigga when I see my best friends, even though I would never think to utter that word out loud anymore. And actually feel guilty for saying that I think it.  
For full disclosure, according to the [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/erik-wemple/wp/2016/11/22/cnn-guest-apologizes-for-misattributing-n-word-to-stephen-k-bannon/), Kaiser had to apologize for making that statement, since it was apparently false.


In this case, do you believe that your argument regarding the morality of the "mention" of this word is affected?
I mean come on now there really is no need for this ridiculous distinction between "said" and "used". The word cunt in America is viewed as a disgusting female slur never to be said, while in Australia its a unisex pronoun that is used in casual conversations. Words have whatever intrinsic value you apply to them and censoring them just amplifies whatever negative values they have with them. I think that the homo-sexual and African-american communities had the right idea with defaming the words and using them in a positive light such as with "Nigger" or "Fag". A word only has as much meaning as you apply to it and instead of censoring peoples language i think we need to teach people, especially our children, that words are just words and that a person's actions and attitudes are what defines them.
We have all learned that even mentioning the word "Voldemort" can have dire consequences. 

By mentioning the word, we call attention to it and thereby strengthen its presence in the vocabulary; even if less than using that same word. So, perhaps it should be asked if the act of mentioning the word is justified by the context.  
I take it pretty much everyone agrees that mentioning a slur is generally better than using a slur. When someone says "don't use the n-word on my show" they're using "use" in the colloquial sense, according to which uttering a word is using a word, not in the technical sense, which you're bringing up here, according to which using a word is distinct from mentioning it. You can't expect normal people to use words in odd ways that philosophers use them to make technical distinctions. Normal people will use words in normal ways to talk about normal things. In fact, the article you link on The Huffington Post uses "says" rather than "uses." "Says" encompasses use and mention already!
You know, when you say " the n-word" you give the word much more power and make it even more taboo. If you actually expect to improve people's behavior you should take to making the word have less meaning. The sentiment is the name is the same in saying either "nigger" or "n-word" so I don't see any need for offense, all you do is avoid the problem and make the word more powerful than it needs to be.
Great post. I thought this was commonly understood, but it seems that it is lesser and lesser so

http://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/tv/news/cnn-slammed-for-running-if-jews-are-people-headline-a7432146.html
So one thing i don't undertand is that you can't say nigger but saying the N word is totally fine? 
Why do you think that word bothers blacks? Because they have been conditioned to be offended by it. Words are words. If one bothers you more than another you are a weak and have impulse control issues. At the end of the day it's a vibration in your ear drum that your conditioned mind deciphers and conceptualizes. The simple fact you pose the question in abbreviated format ("n word") sums it up. Is there any other word in your vocabulary that you are too scared to type from the safety of you keyboard? 

Not related to the main point, but since you consider "pussy" a sexist slur, would you consider "dick" one as well?
The fact that this discussion is called for should give you doubts about the fundamental proposition of 'the morality of language'.

It's not that 'mentioning' a word can be less immoral than 'using' it, it's that they're exactly equally moral, because language has no morality.

Or, actually, that 'morality' has absolutely no consistent meaning and is in fact an overall negative proposition, being essentially a term for 'ethics based on non-rational considerations/impulses'. But that's probably a different debate.
I think the use-mention distinction is a very interesting one, and thank you for making me aware of it. I don't feel qualified/well-positioned to express myself on the actual debate in question, but wanted to thank you for the TIL.
Dysphemisms are "bad" words that are used to convey meaning related to speaker's assessment of the object of speech and the emotional state of the speaker in relation to that object of speech.  For example, in uttering "clean up that ______," where the blank is completed with one of the following words (pile, mess, garbage, crap, shit) the speaker may be directing that the same things be cleaned up, but the choice of words isn't denoting different objects to clean but rather the assessment of them and/or the emotional state of the speaker in relation to them.  Because the listeners are used to attributing emotional freight to dysphemisms the words and phrases themselves can elicit such reactive emotions in the audience.  Consequently, when in polite company we don't stir up emotions unnecessarily, even as mentions.  In formal settings, say a courtroom, you wouldn't say the worst of the dysphemisms, even as a mention, unless it was important evidence.

With respect to saying the n-word on a news program, even as a mention, the argument would hinge on the balance between the audience's need to hear that word, and damage done by mentioning it.  As we've shown, it's possible to mention the n-word without repeating the word itself.
It is not morally wrong, it is aesthetically wrong.
I find it absolutely repugnant that you are trying to justify self-censorship in regard to the completely neutral use of a slur on moral grounds. With that said, I would never use the word in casual conversation. Not because I agree with your sentiment, but because people like you have fostered such discomfort around the word in the public discourse that I could face potential violent reproach for merely uttering it.

>I take that as a given. (If you need an argument for this, look elsewhere.)

This kind of supposition is just embarrassing to read.
Some words are so loaded that mention appears to be a case of use. Many, for example, took it to be racist when right-wing pundits referred to the president as "Barack Hussein Obama", even though that IS his name, because it was felt that the constant mention of his middle name was intentionally used to create the false impression that he is Muslim. 

For better or worse the dreaded "N-Word" is in the same category, which is why we can only speak of it under partial erasure and why you had to use a trigger warning for all the snowflakes who can't handle a direct quotation which directly bears on the point you're making (i.e., **you've performatively conceded my point despite your attempt to claim use and mention are not the same thing**). 

We live in a hostile political climate where ambiguity, polysemy, and insinuation will increasingly be the norm. We now live in a world where "street," "urban," and "thug" serve as racial stand ins. 

This future does not require philosophers to lobby for distinctions which have already been lost, but rhetoricians who can help language users acquire the copiousness of speech required skirt language and thought police. As our politics become more severe, our language becomes more slippery (a necessary accommodation to keep the market of thought open). 



Pussy is a contextual slur, but unique in the fact that the person its used on is usually not affected by the meaning behind it, since that form of its use is rooted in misogyny (vagina = female = feminine = weak).
[removed]
[removed]
The n-word is a racially divisive,dehumanising term.

But what about the term "white trash"?

All the n-word does is direct attention to someone's skin. The phrase "white trash" both directs attention to someone's skin and then very explicitly defines them as human trash.

I can't think of a phrase that is more dehumanizing than "white trash" yet there is less taboo around it than the n-word.

I don't think rich educated white people properly acknowledge the extent to which poor white folk get systematically dehumanized everyday.
I disagree with your thesis. I don't think mentioning the word is any less offensive than using it (ok, maybe sliiiightly less, but negligible) As you seem to have felt yourself, even mentioning the word is uncomfortable and inappropriate, which is why you say 'n-word' instead of the word even when not 'using' it. I think u/MAGnAnimous2 is on the right track about the shock value that word and other unmentionable words have and that the shock it provides to the argument/statement is the purpose for using and/or mentioning it. Therefore, even when uttered as a mention, the n-word ultimately exploits the dense painful history of that word and those who have suffered from it for no purpose other than shock and awe. I get that you mentioned the word for clarity sake, so there was no intent to shock or offend, but you can still differentiate using asterisks (i.e n-word vs n****r) Ultimately, it is clunky and difficult to avoid the word entirely when it is the topic of discussion, but too bad. Every time it is uttered, regardless of intent, it conjures up a sentiment that is all too real for millions of Americans and many more around the world. To mention, use, refer to the word is to say that the difficulty of not saying it is greater than the pain that saying it may cause. 
i would argue that 'pussy' is a slur, absolutely, specifically a gendered or sexual slur.  otherwise i think you make a really good point, and i realize i definitely need to calm down when people "mention" rather than "use". thanks for writing this!
Using it and mentioning it can be the same in some situations and very different in some. But I think that referring to word "nigger" as the "n-word", is actually worse, and far more racist than mentioning the actual word. This type of politicly correct self censoring is a form of controlled racism. 
[removed]
I think people should become more indifferent to slur words in general,unless they are used to insult someone. I say that from a stoic point of view, as I see no reason to be offended by a word. At the same time, however, I also think that people should refrain from using them randomly, without any particular reason. I saw somewhere that people who don't swear a lot have a higher pain threshold when they swear. So words such as "fuck", when used properly, can act as catharsis and release emotional tension.
[removed]
It's either everyone can say it or no one can. 
*"In our Thanks giving episode, "Boethius' Philosophy of Happiness and False Happiness," we explore Boethius' ancient and powerful account of human happiness and fortune. In this episode we investigate Boethius' philosophical and poetic fusion of Platonic philosophy and Stoicism. By identifying Boethius' account of Reason and Fortune, we are given deep insights into the meaning and purpose of human life, the emotional and rational strength necessary to survive the blows of Fortune, and the clarity to avoid being seduced by False Happiness. It is a perfect discussion in this time of giving thanks. "*
**AMA**:

Roy T Cook (CLA Scholar of the College, Professor, and Director of Graduate Studies in the Department of Philosophy at the University of Minnesota) will be doing an AMA next Tuesday at 2PM EST on philosophy of mathematics, logic and comics here on /r/philosophy. See the [announcement thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/5e6cx8/ama_announcement_tuesday_1129_2pm_est_roy_t_cook/) for more information and leave questions beforehand; otherwise you can tune in Tuesday afternoon for live Q&A.
**AMA**:

Roy T Cook (CLA Scholar of the College, Professor, and Director of Graduate Studies in the Department of Philosophy at the University of Minnesota) will be doing an AMA next Tuesday at 2PM EST on philosophy of mathematics, logic and comics here on /r/philosophy. See the [announcement thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/5e6cx8/ama_announcement_tuesday_1129_2pm_est_roy_t_cook/) for more information and leave questions beforehand; otherwise you can tune in Tuesday afternoon for live Q&A.

**BOOK**:

This is the first chapter of *The Yablo Paradox: An Essay on Circularity*, available freely thanks to OUP. The book can be ordered for 30% off at OUP by following [this link](https://global.oup.com/academic/product/9780199669608/?cc=us&lang=en&promocode=AAFLYG6).

The book abstract is as follows:

> This book examines the Yablo paradox—a paradoxical, infinite sequence of sentences, each of which entails the falsity of all others later than it in the sequence—with special attention paid to the idea that this paradox provides us with an example of a semantic paradox that involves no circularity. The three main chapters of the book focus, respectively, on three questions that can be (and have been) asked about the Yablo construction. First, the Characterization Problem: What patterns of sentential reference (circular or not) generate semantic paradoxes? Addressing this problem requires an interesting and fruitful detour through the theory of directed graphs, allowing us to make connections between philosophical problems and purely mathematical ones. Next is the Circularity Question: Is the Yablo paradox genuinely non-circular? Answering this question is complicated: although the original formulation of the Yablo paradox is circular, it turns out that it is not so in any sense that can bear the blame for the paradox. Further, formulations of the paradox using infinitary conjunction provide genuinely non-circular constructions. Finally, we have the Generalizability Question: Can the Yabloesque pattern be used to generate genuinely non-circular variants of other paradoxes, such as epistemic and set-theoretic paradoxes? Although there are general constructions—unwindings—that transform circular constructions into Yablo-like sequences, it turns out that these sorts of construction are not “well-behaved” when transferred from semantic puzzles to puzzles of other sorts. The text concludes with a short discussion of the connections between the Yablo paradox and the Curry paradox.
I have to go with Graham Priest in saying that self reference is involved here. Though I haven't reviewed Graham Priest argument specifically, here is my argument. This is about self-referential sets rather than self referential elements. The setup is:

    (S1) For each i > 1, Si is not true.
    (S2) For each i > 2, Si is not true.

So what you have here is a set Si. The set member S1 is a statement about the elements of set Si which S1 belongs to, i.e., a claim about itself. Likewise for set element S2. So both set element S1 and S2 are making claims not only about every member of the set, but also about themselves and each other. You can't escape self reference by invoking a set when the element that sets that truth value is also a member of the same set. 
Personally I find it intuitive that paradoxes are based in INFINITY. Sequences with an infinite number of steps, and therefore which will never complete. Circularity is simply the human-approachable representation of infinity. One we can more easily (but equally incorrectly) believe to be evident in nature, than linear infinity.
Since none of the comments have responded to the content of the OP, this thread has now been locked. The OP stays up because it is relevant, despite the low quality of the responses.
See also r/wildanimalsuffering
If you didn't understand the name of the biologist he mentions, it's Yew Kwang Ng.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
[removed]
It's pretty cool how the top upvoted posts in this subreddit are about the importance and usefulness and greatness and importance etc of philosophy... but actual philosophy gets moderate to no interest. 

Easier to pretend.
While I appreciate his larger point, many philosophies and concepts are arcane to most people e.g. I don't think everyone needs to learn the difference between ontological, teleological and cosmological arguments.

That said, I ABSOLUTELY believe everyone should be taught:
Correlation does not equal causation
The most common Logical fallacies e.g. Ad hominem arguments

By simply understanding these topics, I think people will be less likely to say something stupid because they'll understand why it's stupid.
I have actually been preaching this for years now. It's not a problem solely with public education.  I fear that the curriculum steers clear of philosophy because of the challenges it poses to religion, nationalism, etc.  Maybe that's a conspiracy theory, but it wouldn't surprise me.

There is far more philosophy offers than simply teaching kids "critical thinking and honest reflection."  It allows you to view the world through different lenses, building empathy and softening the certainty, one of the main ingredients of dogma.  There are features of philosophy that no other subjects in schools touch that I think could be a catalyst for deep systemic changes to the way we think and behave.
[removed]
Everyone would be better off if they were taught how to think rather than what to think.

Think back to when you were an elementary student.  What stands out most is just how bored we all were, whether we were engaged students or not.  How rare was the feeling of actually connecting two disparate concepts in a lecture setting?  Most of what we were learning was how to sit in a chair patiently and take orders.  

What students really need is an artificial mentor and proctor to augment their normal learning.  They need something that can share information with them as fast or slow as they are able to learn and never get weary of their pacing.  The internet facilitates their interests, but it's directionless.  They also need something that can routinely quiz them to assess their strengths and progress, constantly reshaping its rubric.  We need to get young minds up to date quicker on understanding the problems we ourselves cannot answer instead of squandering that valuable time in their lives.
[removed]
I agree that teaching philosophy would improve the situation, but we know historically that it is not a cure for the problem - rather a set of tools that people of both good and ill will can use to their own objectives.

A philosophically educated society is not necessarily more enlightened, but it is more orderly.  The philosophically-educated monster's conspiracies are elaborate and diabolical to evade the complex social mechanisms that a philosophically-educated civil society erects to keep them in check.  

One need only look at early 20th century Germany - possibly the most philosophically-educated society the world has ever known - to see that there are tradeoffs.

Then there is ancient Rome, and particularly Octavian Augustus, who used his ~~Aristotlean~~ Platonist viewpoints on the state to erect a terrorist autocracy founded on doublethink.  His philosophies drove him to create the illusion of an aristocratic government that in tangible fact was proto-totalitarian and murderous on a grand scale.

Whereas societies that were much less rooted in philosophical rigor came to develop their own natural viewpoints that were beneficial toward society, such as England in preceding centuries and the United States in the post-WW2 decades.

There is no detriment to teaching philosophy - none whatsoever.  But it should be understood as a catalyst for existing but otherwise formless moral thought rather than a machine for producing it where it does not already exist.  A nihilist will remain a nihilist no matter what he knows.  He will simply become verbose in his perversions, and the people he deceives becomes elaborate in their intellectual gymnastics to accept lies they wish to accept.
Philosophy first has to evaluate the claim that we are living in a "post-truth" society. When were we living in a truth society? It seems highly implausible to me, and is in any case arguable.

It seems some people forget that every political orientation has facts to back it up.
They're in for a sad surprise if they go to philosophy to secure the category of truth. Speaking as a professional philosopher, you ain't going to find the solution there. On the continental side, postmodernism and/or post-postmodernism have left long behind the kind of "objective" truth we're all bemoaning the death of in the post-election era. On the analytic side, things are no better—more philosophers actually believe in truth, probably (or would claim to), but they won't be able to help either, thanks to the diversity of views on the issue (produced in part by the degree of specialization characteristic of analytic philosophy today). 
I think the meaning behind this is that the media, mainstream and social are clearly pushing agendas. 

Reddit included, the comments here can be good but the political  articles certainly are not to be trusted. 

Mr Higgins is a forward thinking man who wants the best for his country. 
 Philosophy may or may not be be the answer for more critical thinking. 
Some excellent points to above adhere to both sides of the coin. 

Let's be clear though, 
all he is saying  is how do we figure out we're being duped by the abundance of information we have. 


It never ceases to boggle my mind that so many people go around saying everyone is lying or a conspiracy yet they cannot see the flaw in that logic.  If that is the case then you have no truth to compare it against to make that claim in the first place.
“A new politics of fear, resentment and prejudice against those who are not ‘like us"

This is new?

This is only going to help if the simpilest form of the givin argument is currently just beyond the reach of a laypersons (me!) understanding. This also assumes they can be educated to meet the minimum capacity for understanding the argument, if given the correct tools. There is no garauntee that given the tools, the operators will be come skilled with their use. And of course lastly, there is no predicting how complex the most minimally complex explanation of any given issue will be.


I think many people misunderstand what philosophy is; hence some of these comments.

Some examples of philosophy that would be pretty useful to society: ethics, logical fallacies, argumentative writing, political philosophy, and just the mode in which philosophy is done is helpful (i.e. critical discussions and debate in class)  
Politicians have always been dishonest and will continue to be so - learning a bit of Hobbes and Locke is not going to change that.
I've thought the same for years. We talk so much about why STEM is so important, and I agree that it is, but a solid education in history and philosophy are just as vital to a free society. I've seen doctors, engineers, and business people, all successful in their own right, (but who did not study beyond the most minimal liberal arts requirements)  spout loads of nonsense that is objectively wrong. We sometimes think that all it takes to be a good citizen is to be successful and have a good job. That is not enough in a free society. Even a highly successful people, when left to self government, can make catastrophic mistakes. 

We all need a solid education in history and philosophy. 
I don't believe philosophy alone can help the problem that we have: we have too much information and it's of questionable quality. Even if we were all rational actors, I believe manufactured news and disinformation would still drive web traffic and serve a means to an end.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
I'm sympathetic to some extent, but skeptical.  

I do think people need to get some training in reasoning, and I do think that philosophy is one of the better things to study to develop those skills.  

On the other hand, however: In the U.S (and most of the English-speaking world), there's a *fair bit* of philosophy (in some sense of 'philosophy') being taught at universities. And it's actually crept into some high schools, e.g. via high school debate. And it's certainly become part of middlebrow American culture. And it's all over the internet...  

But most of it is really, really bad. Bad to the point that I'd categorize it pseudo-philosophy. It's really more an outgrowth of literary theory--I'm talking about e.g. postmodernism, poststructuralism, more radical version of critical theory...Foucault, Derrida, Lyotard, Zizek...the least disreputable name you might add to the list would be Kuhn. 

These are the very movements and figures who have been most influential outside of academic philosophy. And, I'd argue, in generating an alleged "post-truth" society. Skepticism, nihilism, relativism (including "social constructionism") are wildly popular on the *left*, not the right.  I agree that these views and their political expression, political correctness (by whatever name), are completely confused and the sources of mischief in the world (especially academia)...  

But, anyway, one might say: it's not the *absence* of philosophy, but the *prevalence* of bad philosophy, that's been the problem. And I think that will be hard to change. Figures like Foucault are sexy. People love that shit. It's a lot harder to get people to sit down with Scotus or Kant...or even, say, Putnam. As in any other discipline, the sexy stuff isn't every good, and the good stuff isn't very sexy.   

And not only is the sexy stuff not very good...it actually teaches *bad habits of mind and methods of reasoning.* It's basically free-association that aims at left-friendly conclusions. It's really the *last* thing you want kids reading. I'm not saying put it on the Index or anything...but if you don't build up your reasoning skills before your exposed to that stuff, you're likely to be ruined for life.   
 
In fact, a reaction *against* the nuttiness of PC (which is largely an expression of bad philosophy) is part of what seems to have *motivated* Trumpery. (Though it's complicated because those people use 'PC' basically to mean: anything to their left, including relatively centrist liberalism. Which is not what 'PC' means.)


IMO the right's errors are much less theoretical than the left's. Trump lies. And he doesn't know anything. And he derides those who *do* know things. And his followers eat all that up. This is not a theoretical problem. He and they don't do these things because they've got a bad philosophy. These are very non-theoretical errors as old as mankind.  

Can teaching philosophy help cure that? Maybe. However, we'd want to do it without erring in the other direction, discussed above. Just being dopey and not appreciating evidence and facts is bad. Adopting a theory that entails that facts and evidence are always something something patriarchal something constructs something is way, way, way worse.   

Also, it's a little dicey to suddenly take this stance in opposition to a particular electoral outcome. We don't want philosophy to be thought of as opposed to conservatism. (It isn't, for one thing. Unless that means: it's opposed to tribalism.)   

I dunno...maybe the iron *is* hot...maybe we could say to both sides: *see how we need to teach people how to think carefully about important matters?* To the right, we could say: *see how important it is to teach people to think? This would allow them to evaluate the pomo/PC stuff they're likely to be indoctrinated with in college?* And to the left we could say *See how important it is to teach people to think? This would allow them to develop defenses against mindless autocratic propaganda?"   

Meh, maybe.  

I've heard stupider plans.   

Count me in.
[removed]
Math, and almost any of the sciences, can teach critical thinking and problem solving. I'm not familiar with the education of Ireland, but in my NY school [not representative of all NY schools, just mine], we were taught proofs and the why's. We were never expected to memorize. We had to be independent and problem solve. We had see and understand the logic and reasoning behind everything. 

The only problem with this approach is: the pace was slower than everyone else. But when standardized tests came around the corner, most of my school flunked because we didn't cover much of the topics expected on the exams. But 4 years later, people from other schools, that were taught memorization, forgot all the math formulas. While my skills were rusty in memory, I was able to derive them because the logic stuck with me. 
smart thing to say for a president.
I am more optimistic than the top responses.  That is because I have raised 3 kids, watched them swallow various forms of indoctrination whole, and then seen them right themselves.

That intermediate steps were scarey, but I confined myself to feeding them little bits of hard information, and let them work it out for themselves.

They have never been stupid, but they have been young and limited in their experience.  Because I have always sought the truth, and tried to tell the truth, they have expected the same from their teachers.  When they do not get that, cognitive dissonance takes care of the foolishness after a while.
Can someone please explain post truth for me?
I've been seriously considering making some Facebook-worthy videos or posts trying to help educate people on how to decipher what is a credible source and what isn't. 

It has become a huge underlying problem and affects all kinds of different facets of the society. 
I would like to offer a different situation, I'm from Chile where the corruption at political level is getting out of hand, also these same politicians are taking philosophy out of the schools.

What President Higgins is proposing to do comes from the same understanding that a lot of chileans used as an argument against what the politicians were trying to do.

They are trying to make us mindless calculators, incrementing math hours, while they already took history and philosphy.

A lot of us are lacking the ability to question what should be, even on a basic level. Im not well versed in philosophy, but we are a society of people that is not thinking by themselves, we just accept what the tell as the truth and it can't be questioned, because if you do you will get fired, like the prosecutor that tried to go against 7 powerful families with political ties, that just secured all the fishing quota for the chilean sea. He got fired and his career is now permanently stained. The time for questions went right by our side and now its too late.

We need more Higgins.
Annual refresher courses in logic and critical thinking should be mandatory curriculum. If people knew how to identify bullshit and articulate exactly how it's bullshit, the nature of politics and politicians would change for the better, and the media's focus might shift back to reporting facts rather than creating narratives. 
The moment someone uses the term 'post-truth' I immediately know they are biased as hell and incapable of having a conversation without talking over the other person and having a fit when a different opinion is presented. 

And for the record. A conversion involves two or more people talking, not one person screaming.
[removed]
I think this Post-Truth thing is just the political Right applying Postmodern concepts to their Ideology
after the Political Left implemented a Phylosophical / Scientific narrative that states your Feels are more important than what can be measured,they adapted it and used it for their own purpose. 
They over Safespaced their opponents with safespacewalls payed by mexicans.
**I tried to apply for just Philosophy at a University today. Its impossible, everything clearly stated that they only have 'Doctorate's of Philosophy within "these given fields"' (Science, math etc)** - All of them were about developing a thesis and providing supporting evidence within that field of study. *Yet a course in "critical thinking and logic"* - no longer exists. Debate is frowned upon and new ways of thinking are rebellious. If this is what Education has come to, no wonder the average person just believes what they are told on television. Is philosophy so dangerous that its become labelled "political Science" or has it become hammered into submission by idealism?
I disagree entirely, this is a nostalgia-induced panic to return to traditional solutions for what are new cultural problems caused by technology.

We don't live in a "post-truth" society, we live in an information-laden one. There is no such thing as complete objective truth. What is true to one person is untrue to another, and that becomes no more clear than on the internet (which the speaker refers to as an "echo-chamber"). Of course SOME people are going to create an "echo-chamber" out of such an environment, if you have multiple "possible truths" to choose from you are going to consistently choose the ones that suit you. 

This is nothing new, the "echo-chambers" that were bought with magazine subscriptions and your choice of major news outlet a decade ago, are bought today with youtube subscriptions and facebook likes. The only difference is we have DATA on it today.

If you try to force people to accept a truth that is "more true" to you, you are doing the exact opposite of opening their mind. Part of people "thinking for themselves" is their right to make decisions YOU consider "wrong".

Instead he says "There are nowadays so many ways of accessing information on the Internet without ever coming across the informed contribution of journalism."

What is "the informed contribution of journalism" and how does it relate to the truth? We consistently learn more and more how fallible ALL news outlets are, not just the ones on the internet.

It sounds to me like this speaker is upset with the stark reality of a world with many "subjective truths" and is hoping that we can go back to a time where we could turn to journalists for "objective truths" and philosophy for "ultimate truths".

Don't get me wrong, teaching philosophy is definitely highly beneficial, but it has nothing to do with this "problem".

 We don't have a lack of critical thinking in our society, that's an over-simplistic emotional response to the reality of not being able to understand other's decisions. You can't imagine why they chose what they did, so you assume they just didn't think about their decision carefully. It's an unrealistic cop-out. They made a different decision because they think different from you, and you do not understand them well enough to understand their decision. 

The rise of populism and faith in absurd traditional ideas is NOT caused by lack of critical thinking by less-educated masses, it is caused by an ABUNDANCE of it. Until educators and leaders accept that, we will make no progress towards solving this problem.
[removed]
I agree. Provided however that the philosophy is actual philosophy not just how to do essays with a. General theme of philosophy. That'll help no one.
Do we have any data that supports the idea that we live in a “post-truth" society or any empirically observable criteria for determining what is and isn't a post-truth society ?
I believe in an "open-policy" in terms of thinking. Information, regardless of validity or claim, is still information at its core. Even if what is said is false we can essentially scrutinize, filter or break it down to find the basis or some ounce of truth based on the claim.

Media, as biased at times as they are, often get the short end of the stick where they're blamed for "lying or tricking" the public because their job requires them to sell the news. The problem lies with them marketing the news ambiguously to capture outrageous interest -even for a brief moment for those with a keen eye-, yes... but the problem also lies with the audience. In truth, the media shouldn't be blamed for when people jump to conclusions however it IS to blame when they do this on a regular basis despite the misunderstandings that occur.

Teaching philosophy might allow people to be accustomed to thinking critically. Being able to question rather than to accept or reject is definitely more beneficial when faced with a vague and lacking news headline. Ultimately, skepticism possesses more "truth" than arrogance or ignorance and that at least gives us a general idea of where we are.

TL;DR I believe and agree with teaching philosophy to the public as it lets people think and critique the world to their understanding rather than be swayed into thinking a certain way.
For those interested there's a great podcast by This American Life that discussed post-truth politics and it's part in the US election. It's one of the more recent ones. As a polsci grad I can see this becoming a PhD worthy topic rather easily
[removed]
[removed]
Largely, I think he's correct. It could quite easily tie in to science - the logical skills involved with critical thinking. 
I believe this doesn't go far enough. Both politics and philosophy should be part of compulsory education from year 7 to 11 the same as english, science and maths is.

Hell, you could roll them all into a collective course called citizen studies. Throw personal finance in there and you have a curriculum for teaching young generations to be self sufficient and society minded individuals.
This issue is not resolved with "philosophy" in general. The question is what kind of philosophy we should teach. We first need to reject the paradigm of nominalism and Cartesianism before philosophy will be of any help. 
They do know philosophy. They just threw out everything and kept what they learned about Pathos based arguing. 
An anecdote here but I have recently started with Crash Course Philosophy to see what the entire thing is about and I've actually found it insightful. I won't claim to know very much but from the little I have experienced I have found myself thinking more critically about my own thoughts and behaviours. It doesn't take much to get some people to reflect more deeply, it's an easy win almost.

Specifically referring to the title; we were taught about ethics in school a bit, I barely remembered it but I remember liking utilitarianism and based some of my behaviour off of my limited understanding of it.
Maybe healing is the right word... but I think that this actually entails not a remedy from, but an acceptance and affirmation of this "new" post-truth world.

The way we think of news is untenable. Bias and editorializing is not a sin we carry like extra baggage with the truth in the other hand, but the very lens that makes clear to us the obscure forces at work in the world, made accessible to us by the state of contemporary communication. 

The world is too big for any of us, and we are only starting recognize the sheer reality of this. Our ideologies, lenses that necessarily focus some elements and blur others, fail to realize competiting belief systems now made so evident in this Web 2.0 world. We clash and feed off each other's negation. We grow apart, and using the same logic, come to mirror each other.

We shouldn't mourn the fall of truth, some metaphysical representation of the world. Being was always too great for one ideology to encompass. We should preach flexibility and pragmatism. Build these up as the new truth.
Philosophy would definitely change our future. Too bad it probably won't happen anytime soon. They are too busy teaching our children worthless shit. Most of which they will never use.
I'm surprised to learn Ireland has a post-truth society too. Was under the impression it was an American cultural thing.
[deleted]
Good advice for Ireland. Not going to happen in US, [or even come close.  ](  http://blogs.edweek.org/edweek/campaign-k-12/2016/11/anti-common_core_parents_to_tr.html ) 
>*The emergence of those digital echo-chambers in which people are not allowing themselves, their beliefs, or indeed their prejudice to be challenged, has become a matter for considerable discussion...*

I think that's an important statement. The mentality lately seems to be to support the solvency of your specific *brand* of cultural and societal values without regard for anything more than that. Modern technology makes it possible to completely bypass anyone that does not agree with you.

During the holidays if I want to talk about liberals events, I can just ignore my entire family (which will inherently disagree with any  non-conservative values) and just use anonymous internet discussions to fulfill my need to express views and perspectives. This is just the path de least resistance, no one wants to fight someone who thinks all perspectives are just like NFL teams and we're merely rooting for the most natively familiar franchise.

More importantly, the reasons for our dichotomized society is something we will be discussing for years to come. In general, I think that the emergence of the internet allows people to really embody an ideology by providing communities of only like minded individuals. We expect *anonymous decay* to be a part of the internet, but I don't know anyone that really anticipated the impact on society.

Without some level of scientific renaissance where empiricism restores logic and reason, I think we continue to dichotomize into oblivion.
[removed]
I would disagree unless it's done well. If you want children to learn philosophy, I think they have to have a propensity towards it, the same as math. Of course, the most common breaker would be a good teacher, but those don't come often in public schools. It would be a much easier idea, in my opinion, to teach children logic, the basis, and the missing keystone for many students, in regards to both subjects. That is to say argumentation and a much bigger focus on abstract thinking than is par for the course. A blaring issue with this would be testing, but imagine a classroom of students debating when understanding the basics of actually making an argument... Wow... 

However, I am not a child brain development expert, I don't fully understand at what point President Higgins is thinking about introducing this subject into a child's learning habits, and am also not a teacher. So take what I said with a grain of salt.
Ireland has a lot to heal and the first thing should be separating church and state

Also philosophy would be great taught in schools, however church-backed curriculum isn't going to give much more than church-approved ethics based modules.

So basically what he's saying is a bit redundant given the context.
I like the idea of more groups trying to bring philosophy into their philanthropy.  However philosophy is merely a tool.  Honestly if you're going to be teaching kids about philosophy I think pragmatism is the best school to start with.  If you taught kids that philosophy is a tool for looking at the world and that tool says something about far more things than just the results of that inquiry that's a good enough lesson to chew on for a long, long time.  Since, in reality, the big lesson of philosophy is in seeing how people use different tools and find different results.  
You have to find it odd that the very people using the phrase 'post-truth' are the ones whos rhetoric actually triggered the re-emergence of the term...

Just from an unbiased an uninvested position it is very 'post truth'...
[removed]
Also stop calling it "post-truth society" - call it "society based on lies".
In the context of fixing the post-truthness culture, philosophy is way too broad a subject, perhaps just teaching discrete mathematics is far more direct relevant for the problem at hand. 
I agree with this speech.  Not sure how early we would want to introduce basic philosophy to our youth, probably in 9th grade here in the states would be appropriate.   When you begin to truly question the construct of our reality.  The idea of my children reading Kantian ethics, John Locke's "Two Treatises", St. Thomas Aquinas, Nietzsche etc...  I love this idea.  A great way to help socialize our world and "scrub" the information that are minds consume at lightning speed.  Something other than the media to guide.
My high school philosophy teacher discusses post truth so much now lol
This might be possible to implement in the UK to prevent another Brexit-style propaganda campaign. It has exactly zero chance of being implemented in the US. 
Slightly tangential, but ["post-truth"](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/16/arts/post-truth-defeats-alt-right-as-oxfords-word-of-the-year.html?_r=0) was Oxford's Word of the Year
This argument has been in place for decades, but it simply does not work.

Spain has had a compulsory 2-years of world philosophy at high-school for a long time now, and our society is one of the most corrupt and ignorant in Europe. Kids don't need to know the difference between Aristotelic *Eudaemonia* and Stoic *Ataraxia*. 

Philsophy here is simply taught like history, hin a (as I like to call it), vomitive way (i.e. students study everything the week before the exam, then they regurgitate it and don't learn anything).

Compulsory philosophy won't make young people more interested in it, or more educated or more intelligent. They need to seek knowledge for themselves, and the most important thing for this is to have good, educated parents. Not vomit St. Anselm's philosophy at a test.
If you look at how much arguing is occuring in this comment thread it seems logical that philosophy is *not* the core to guiding away from a "post-truth" society.
If you try to force people to accept a truth that is "more true" to you, you are doing the exact opposite of opening their mind
[removed]
This is anecdotal but two of my friends that are the worst about sharing Breitbart and other fake news sites have philosophy degrees. 
I completely agree
[removed]
[removed]
Philosophy is too high level an approach, I would argue that the scientific method is better and that pupils should be taught to internalise this more thoroughly in their thought process. It also has the advantage of already being in the curriculums and having teachers in place.
[removed]
We don't live in a "post-truth" society. We live in a society that has eschewed reason and rationality in the name of feelings and coddling.
[removed]
70% of the US population believes in climate change, even despite the massive propaganda campaigns in the media against it. The problem isn't the peasant's lack of critical reasoning ability, it is the broken mechanisms of democracy. In a functioning democracy, any issue with a massive majority should have been fixed, or be seriously on its way to being fixed.

A course in Kant isn't going to stop Mitch McConnell taking that sweet sweet oil money in favor of not dooming the human species. 

As for the rest of his argument; progressive political opinions are not the result of critical thinking regarding the world: they are expressions of belief systems, the same way conservative ones are. 

Despite all that; a bit of philosophy couldn't hurt. 
[removed]
"Teach" isn't exactly an option when the unwillingness to learn is the core of the problem.
There are so many great reasons to teach more philosophy (particularly at high school), but this reason has got to be one of the worst.
I think sometimes that teaching philosophy is the most dangerous thing you can do. I feel like anyone that thinks as much as me must boarder on nihilist, and that is not something we want for the entire population. Because while I am not a malicious sociopath and don't think I ever will be, I think many would take up the post if so exposed to philosophy.
[removed]
Oh yeah, teach a bunch of people who think that vaccines are bad for you and Donald Trump isn't a psychopath to be skeptics. Teach them about the appeal to authority and shit like that, so they have more fuel to keep them in denial.

No, teach them science and shit so they can tell the difference between things that are probably true and probably not true. Leave philosophy to the intellectuals who can use it properly.
[removed]
[removed]
If Pinocchio said "my nose will grow" it wouldn't be a lie and his nose would not grow because of that statement. 

That statement is truthful because he knows that it is impossible for him to tell the truth always and forever. 
It's so weird, logic works fine for everything, except for the set of all sets that don't contain themselves, which completely breaks it.
Isnt the here problem that we equate a false prediction with a lie?
You're mispresenting the paradox. The correct paradoxical statement is 'my nose will grow *now*'.

It's a genuine paradox, without a solution. More [here](http://paradoxoftheday.com/pinocchio-s-nose/).
What I hate about paradoxes is that they always seem to only take place in impossible scenarios. Like, what happens when an unstoppable force hits an immovable object. Is it even possible to have an immovable object?

Are there any paradoxes that appear in realistic conditions? 
The Pinocchio paradox should not be a paradox because I believe his nose grows (or doesn’t) based on intent as opposed to growing/not based on actual truth.  Pinocchio’s nose does not divulge information P. does not know already. 

For example, P. is going to guess how many candies are in a jar.  P.  does not know how many candies are in that jar.  Would every guess then make his nose grow?  It depends.  How is he guessing/stating his guess?  Is he guessing with INTENT on deceiving someone else into believing he really know the number of candies?  If so, then every guess (wrong OR right) would result in his nose growing because it is his INTENT to deceive.  He would be stating something as if it were a fact with the intent on making someone else believe there is truth behind a statement he believes could be false.  On the other hand, if he isn’t trying to deceive anyone and is just making a guess, then his nose shouldn’t grow for any guess right or wrong.

Another example, P. is going through some soul searching and is trying to find out if there really is a God or not.  So he says, “There is a God.”  Now here again, P. is just guessing.  Whether there is a God or not isn’t going to determine whether or not his nose grows.  Regardless of the existence of a God, if his intent is to pretend like he believes there is a God but he really doesn’t, then his nose should grow and vice versa.  

Back to the original “paradox.”  P. says, “My nose will grow now.”  What is his reason behind saying this?  What’s his intent?  Is his truest intent to deceive?  Then it will grow EVEN IF it validates his statement because P. was trying to lie.  Was his truest intent to tell the truth because he thought it really would grow after that statement?  Then it won’t grow.  His nose is not a truth indicator, it’s a lie exposer.  Stating something you believe to be true (but isn’t) isn’t a lie, it’s just an incorrect answer.  If I answered a math question incorrectly on a test, I didn’t lie, I was just wrong.

Now, if I’m wrong (which has been known to happen) about this ‘intent’ idea and his nose grows/doesn’t based on actual truth, then it’s possibly the greatest gift of all time.  P. could state anything as fact and based on his nose growing/not know the truth of anything ever.  By process of elimination he could know the day he will die and why, the age of the universe, the meaning of life, next week’s lotto numbers! He would be a living Grays Sports Almanac!!!  Now, if his nose was bestowed with this type of power then sure, there’s a Pinocchio paradox where you can debate forever what would happen if he said “My nose will grow now,” but I think the much more interesting thing is now P. is basically omnipotent and that’s a much cooler topic for discussion than whether or not his nose would grow.

It is simple.  Intent.  What is Pinocchio's intent?

Whether the nose grows in the future or not is not predicated on just a statement in a vacuum but the actor's intent. 

Is the actor's statement meant to:

A) Convey what he believes to be true?
B) Convey false information in order to deceive?

If the reason is A, then the nose does not grow.  It does not mean he was lying; it means he was incorrect in his assessment.  He may be surprised by the event but there is no paradox.

If the reason was B, then the nose does grow.  It does not mean he was being truthful, it means he was incorrect in his assessment.    He may be surprised by the event but there is no paradox.





The question is whether "lies" depend more on being a statement contrary to a sincere belief, or if it's a "lie" by being a contradiction of a statement of fact. 

If pinocchio's nose grows based on any statement of fact that he is contradicting, the applications would be innumerable; just picture him saying things like "The Atomic weight of the higgs boson is greater than 126 Gev" and seeing if his nose elongates or not. 
But... but what if he said it again?
This case applies to a fantasy story, however does anyone know any real applications of this conundrum? 
The Joker seems an apt example for concepts in utilitarianism as well - the Joker might in fact be a perfect example of a "utility monster". 

Consider another "Utilitarian batman" scenario:

Let's assume that the Joker can somehow demonstrate to Batman that the relative enjoyment he receives from killing is greater than the pain his victims experience from being killed. In fact, there is some justification to that claim considering how the Joker kills people; through the use of drugs, his victims are not only willing to die, but positively giddy about it. Not only are they happy to die, but the Joker is happy to kill them. Everyone's net happiness is increased. (And if you want to claim the victims are still suffering - instead assume the Joker just REALLY likes killing people, and has a greater capacity for enjoyment than his victim's capacity for suffering).  

By contrast, if Batman ever stopped the Joker from ever killing anyone again, that would reduce the Joker's net happiness and it would prevent his future victims from enjoying their deaths, instead dooming them to some other kind of death they would suffer. Gotham's net happiness is decreased.  

So after all, considering that transaction, it would be wrong for Batman to prevent the joker from killing. If Batman were a true utilitarian, Joker could manage to convince him to permit as many murders as makes the Joker happy. 
Rule utilitarianism seems pretty good to me, so long as the subject can define a clear majority, but what about a scenario where the population is truly split on an issue?

If the people were completely split 50/50 on, say, gay marriage, how can we use this philosophy to decide what is the right thing to do? What about 51% against, 49% for? Is the 51% right just because more people have been swayed to it?
IMHO, Utilitarianism, virtue ethics and Deontology, the three pillars, all are very unilateral and fail to account for a lot of cases.

A good normative ethical theory has to take into account all these factors:  

- Consequence  
- Duty  
- Intention  
- Self-interest  

We can demonstrate these by some thought experiments with the trolley problem. While it seems to be the right thing to do to pull the lever and kill 1 to save 5, it gets a lot more controversial when we tweak the situation a bit. If we need to push the fat man, then duty has come into play. If we need to choose between our lover/parents and a few strangers, then self-interest is considered. What about between president Obama and 5 commoners?
Thank you! Needed this. 
How do you feel about logical pluralism?  If you're not a fan, what logical system do you like?

How do neo-logicists handle Godel's incompleteness theorems?  I've often heard it put as a dilemma between either starting with a 'strong' logic or accepting a mathematics with far more undecidables than we'd typically like.  Assuming that's apt (it might not be, I'm not a mathematician), which horn do they settle on of the dilemma?

I seem to recall a famous Frege scholar getting involved in civil rights activism because of Frege's notorious racism among other things, and while I'm not sure I'd go that far, do you see any reason to sort of come back down and put your feet on the ground?  As interesting as Cantor's proof may be, one of the fears I have about going into philosophy is that I won't be helping anybody very much.  This feels like more of an issue with logic and philosophy of mathematics than other fields of philosophy, e.g. value theory, socially relevant philosophy of science, etc.  While I quite often find myself going back and forth between the material of different fields out of interest, I have a hard time convincing myself it would be good to do philosophy of mathematics full time.
Hey Dr. Cook,

I have recently graduated from a school in Minnesota with a degree in Mathematics and Philosophy. I got into the Philosophy of Mathematics during my undergraduate and enjoyed every minute of it. I studied about how we can create being through mathematics (geometrical and algebraic) and the implications of it. However, I am currently studying mathematics at another midwest University for my graduate degree. My questions are as follows: 

How do we increase the image of the philosophy of Mathematics in math and philosophy departments in the midwest? It seems to be very lacking in Minnesota with the exception of the University of Minnesota. I just find it frustrating to do any research because it seems like a very lonely island in the midwest in the Philosophy of Mathematics.  

Also, I wanted to ask if it is normal to get a graduate degree in Mathematics and then move over to the field of Philosophy of Mathematics? I know a lot of mathematicians have done this and it may be a good option in the future if I don't want to stick with pure math. 

Anyways,

Best. 
Hi, I have recently gotten interested in intuitive logics/mathematics, and I am wondering, why doesn't it have a wider acceptance? I understand why people like to use the law of excluded middle, but why isn't this view on what mathematics really are, or at least what questions it brings up, more widely acknowledged? 
I recently read Saphiros book "thinking about mathematics" and it is briefly mentioned that Frege and Russell both agreed that mathematics, as we use it, is made by us humans, but from reading a lot of Russell I have never come across this explicitly, do you have any pointer to where they actually say this or have I misunderstood something?
Thanks! (Glad to see it is not only already-dead people who are interested in these things!)
Hello Dr. Cook.
My question for you is... how would one go about solving paradoxes within religion, specifically mine (Christianity)? Theres lots of paradoxes in that religion. 

Christianity claims that Jesus was 100% human and 100% God/Divine. 
Jesus had his own literary paradoxes too... "the first shall be last and the last first"  and "To save your life is to lose it, and to lose your life for my sake is to save it." 

Is there anything we can do with these, I know as far as the literal ones, Bible scholars use hermeneutics to answer these rhetorical puzzles... 

But as far as the 100% human and 100% divine paradox, as well as many other theological paradoxes. Can anything be done to work through them, or do they just remain a mystery?


Also, I am currently taking an introductory Aesthetics course at my school. I would say comics are art... but could a comic ever be considered "high" art? ("high" art meaning, viewed as one of the great[est] works of art)


thank you very much for taking the time to answer our questions!  After hearing about the things you work on in your video interview... i don't think i have the type of brain (or even the ability) to contemplate things like infinity and the paradoxes you deal with. So, I am very much in awe of your ability to do so. You seem like a very intelligent philosopher and would make for a good professor
> Thus, I pay a lot of attention to meta-comics – that is, comics that break these formal rules or storytelling norms in various ways

I love comics like this.  In particular, you've reminded me of one of my favorites, a Greyshirt story by Alan Moore and Rick Veitch.  Each page is a stack of panels, with each panel telling the story of the residents of that respective floor of an apartment building over different eras of time (I don't have my books at work with me to give a better citation).  It amazed me because it was the first story I'd ever seen that could, in a literal sense, only be told through the comic-book medium.   Are you familiar with this one, and, if so, do you have any interesting philosophical insights about it?  (I have no background in philosophy, for context)

If you're not familiar with that one, then my backup question is:  How often do you get asked about *Deadpool*?
What have you written on comics? How far back do you go, historically? Have you thought about iconography?
Professor Cook,

Thanks for taking the time to do this AMA.  I’ve read some of your articles on paradoxes and think they are excellent.  In particular, your articles on the algorithmic paradox and the Yablo paradox linked above are the most clear & concise expositions on this topic I’ve read. 

Like you I am also fascinated with semantical paradoxes.  Over this past year I’ve developed an outline for a truth theory in attempt to resolve/shed light on these paradoxes. Here is a very brief summary:

1.	Propositions are used as the fundamental truth bearers.  Sentences refer to/point to propositions, but they are not intrinsically true or false. 

2.	A proposition is the connection of a predicate to a subject (Definition similar to the one given/used by Leibniz).   

3.	All subjects/objects have a collection of properties.

4.	A proposition is true if its subject(s) has as a property the property claimed by the predicate. 

5.	Non-propositional objects are the “urelements” in this theory.  All propositions must have well defined ordinal rank (i.e. all propositions are well-founded; they must be constructed by connecting a predicate to an urelement or another well-founded proposition), meaning all well-founded propositions must ultimately have their complete foundations in non-propositional urelements.  

6.	Propositions which are not well-founded do not have actual ontological existence (or at minimum are in a different ontological category as well-founded propositions).  Just as we can refer to mathematical entities that do not exist with words and syntax, (e.g. if x = 5/0, mathematicians would say there is no such x), we can with our sentences refer to propositions which do not exist. 

The conclusion of this system is that the problem with the Liar sentence and the Yablo paradox is that they use sentences which refer to propositions which are not well-founded.   They are sentences or syntax objects that refer to sentences, but not to any well-founded proposition.  Sentences are not fundamental truth bearers or semantical objects and so they must reference or be "plugged in" to well-founded propositions to transmit meaning/truth.  Just as considering x (when x = 5/0) to be in the same ontological category as the real numbers leads to contradictions, so too does considering the liar sentence as referencing a well-founded proposition lead to contradictions. 

So for my question, what do you think of this type of system?  Are you familiar with any other attempts of this kind or know of any good resources to look into for other work on this approach?  Thanks for any feedback.

I'm a student interested in formal models of rationality, currently applying to graduate school. Do you think it would be better for me to go to a philosophy graduate school with a strong basis in formal epistemology, or a computer science graduate school?
Good Day Reddit and Dr. Cook, 

For my graduate thesis I'm trying to address mathematics as an aestetic object, as described by Frederick Schiller,  namely mathematics has both cognitive and physical/sensual aspects. 

Do you have any thoughts (or recommended readings) on how mathematics is grounded in our physical sensuous existence? 

Regards
This is why the minimalism movement has been taking off. People are tired of being a prisoner to consumerism and constantly overwhelmed by "stuff".
I'm worried that i m becoming saturated with "information" - and that i like it. 
We seem to have this weird compulsion to want stuff, to buy stuff because it brings temporary happiness...but it wears off quick and you are left with junk. I'm not sure if this is a cause of advertising, or just a general emptiness in our lives that we need to fill. The modern world in the west seems to be *fake*, we live in a world of advertising, even the internet is a giant ad-space...and social media, the new frontier, is just a giant advertising landscape. This must be altering our subconscious mind in some way as we all identify and have strong connections with consumer products.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvgN5gCuLac
I agree and I think a few things have also come together. Marketing has become a true science, there is more opportunity for marketing ie. Internet. And it's the second or third generation of easy credit. No one saves up for anything anymore.
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
The concluding paragraph here points to something interesting.

>Certainly, no means no and only yes means yes, but, as we’ve seen, issues of consent and nonconsensual sex are more complicated. In addition to holding individuals responsible, we must consider the cultural ethos in which lack of consent is valorized and rape has been downgraded to nonconsensual sex, and where talk of sexual assault is considered acceptable — “boys will be boys” and “locker room talk” — by those who will lead this country. The need to be vigilant is even more urgent now.

We seem to be in the middle of a regressive political swing in the U.S. Historically (I assume), men got away with more rape. We saw progress over the last century. But now, that progress is being threatened. Bullying, racist statements and other ugly things that mainstream culture has been fighting (liberals and conservatives, both sides of the aisle really have been fighting this fight) have made a resurgence.

There's a darker side to our psyches that likes the idea of the "taboo" coming out in the open. But, like the article says, we have to remain vigilant against enabling abusers.

Good article, though long-winded.
I strongly agree with the author's contention that the legalistic "Fifty Shades of Grey" model of consent fails to capture the complexities of sex as a dynamic interaction. The lessons to learn from this complexity, which /u/dan_arth approvingly cites, I agree with as well. As a white man, though, I feel the need to protest Oliver's unequivocal acceptance of the sacred orthodoxy of "don't blame the victim". 

I went to a school with a *huge* fraternity scene, and I was consistently a bit resentful at how much social prestige was awarded to fraternity brothers - by women on campus. Fraternity parties did, to me, have a rape-y vibe, and sexual assault was a big problem. Besides the fact that binge drinking (preceded of course by pre-gaming) was the activity of choice, these were literally spaces filled by men with a bouncer at the door whose main goal was to keep the female-male ratio inside as high as possible. Want to get into a frat? Better make sure your posse is at least 50% female. It was pretty much an open secret that the main reason to pledge a frat was to get laid. I was friendly with the school's director of fraternity affairs - whose job seemed to mostly consist in shielding the school from liability stemming from the frats' frequent shenanigans - and he told me that plenty of women students at the school told him that they would only ever hook up with with fraternity brothers. This was totally consistent with my experience - that women on campus were quite enthusiastic about trying their luck in these unsafe spaces where alcohol and secrecy made issues of proof and consent hopelessly foggy. 

If I can muster a bit of woman-approved support for my victim-blaming, [here is Martha Nussbaum](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/martha-c-nussbaum/why-some-men-are-above-the-law_b_8992754.html) advising women, in a different context, to stay out of spaces where there is no safe recourse in the case of rape.
Only so much more than that.  More importantly, no other name for "nonconsensual sex" can equate to the resultant torn psychics of all involved.
I'm not sure exactly what I think of eliminating the noun 'sex' from a phrase that explicitly relies on it to transfer meaning, but it is vital for us to maintain an understanding of the class conflict in this happening of humans. 

There is no deeper level of intimacy than that which pertains to what is *inside your flesh*, per say. I hope that contemporary thought remembers this, in a world quickly turning more violent. 
**TL;DW:**
Is knowledge the same as justified true belief? In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Jennifer Nagel](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/jennifer-nagel) (University of Toronto) discusses a Gettier case, a scenario in which someone has justified true belief but not knowledge.  We’ll look at a Gettier case from Edmund Gettier’s famous 1963 paper on this topic, and a structurally similar case from 8th century Classical Indian philosophy.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi
Gettier cases are supposed to show that JTB is not *sufficient*, but all they really do is return us to the traditional question of whether JTB -- justification, in particular -- is *attainable*. To show that JTB is not *sufficient*, Gettier cases would have to work for sufficiently strong forms of justification, but they fail to do so. The real problem, of course, is that sufficiently strong forms of justification are hard to *attain*. Gettier cases are nothing more than convoluted ways of reintroducing philosophical skepticism with regard to justification. We didn't need Gettier for that -- we've had Sextus Empiricus and friends for many centuries.
This might be good for someone asking philosophy to be explained on /r/explainlikeimfive/ :)
Little bit of background since the article mentions nothing on Gettier's motive.
 
Under Plato's definition of knowledge, 3 things are individually necessary and jointly sufficient to have knowledge,

1. The knowledge claim must be true, it's not knowledge if it's wrong, obviously. 
2. The knowledge claim must have conviction, it's not knowledge if you're unsure. 
3. The knowledge claim must be justified, otherwise there's no evidence to support your truth. 

So they're each needed to form knowledge and no other clauses are necessary to form knowledge under Plato's theory. Gettier showed that these 3 clauses alone were not enough to show knowledge, leading to many "foundations" of knowledge where the claim is self evident needing no justification and we can base our knowledge from this . Descartes famously did this through the cogito, "I think therefore I am." If he didn't exist, Descartes wouldn't be able to think, it's necessarily true and needs no further justification, so this can form the justification for our other beliefs.

Tl;dr it's about the foundation of beliefs and how we reach them logically without having to worry about it being false. 
The problem seems to be one of time. What is striking about each of the Gettier problems used in the article is that they don't take into account that knowledge is not static. It is dynamic. It is ever-changing because we live in a world that is itself ever-changing.

In the first problem, the justified true belief of one static moment is erroneously assumed to be identical to the justified true belief of another static moment. The first moment occurs when I place the bottles of Newcastle Brown in the fridge. At that exact static moment I have a justified true belief that there are 2 bottles of Newcastle Brown in my fridge. Beyond that moment the justified true belief loses it's relevance and becomes a place-holder. It changes from justified true belief into assumption, and can only be called justified true belief in any other static moment if it has also been verified.

At best, the Gettier problem illustrates that what we call knowledge is always going to be imperfect at best since it will be limited to what we are capable of knowing in any given static moment.

But this should not be a surprise to anyone. Complete knowledge is reserved for imaginary beings capable of omniscience. No human being will ever have that capacity.
So knowledge can be wrong? That seems right to me.
Justified true belief isn't a definition of knowledge, its an analysis of knowledge
Knowledge can't apply to the future. The first case is essentially predicting the future that the ale will still be there. The knowledge is that the ale WAS there. But once it leaves sight, it is no longer knowledge if it is still there.
this simply comes down to a definition of justified

what does it mean to be justified ?

why is believing the beers i put in the fridge last night are still there after i come home from work justified ?

why is believing a male looking person sitting in the living room chair is my husband justified ?



I consider this kind of philosophy, sematic masturbation. I say that because it's fairly obvious that the problem is in using words to define other words and then coming up with puzzles to show that they could theoretically be wrong. Obviously we can't know every possible circumstance, but 'good enough' works most of the time, and our language assumes this same good-enoughness. 
Sophistry.

If your home can be burgled and your brew replaced without you knowing it, your belief that your original beer is waiting for you after an absence is *unjustified*.

This is a semantic trick as hoary as the "where did the other dollar go" word problem.
Headline quibble: Gettier did not present his counterexamples to demonstrate that it was difficult to know things.  He accepted the intuition that we know tons of things.  He just thought there was an issue with defining exactly what that relationship consisted of. 
But if you buy beer, put it in the fridge, and leave, you can't *know* with 100% certainty that there is beer in your fridge. You can only think there is and have logic point to there being a high probability that you are right.
THIS ONE SIMPLE TRICK

Clickbait titles are the worst.
[Pertinent scene from Men In Black](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2w0fInUhtnk)

I don't really understand the controversy here. Each situation presented in the paper can be boiled down to an unsound (sometimes invalid as well) deductive argument. Justified true belief is a sufficient gauge of knowledge, but in the examples given, none of the beliefs *are* truly justified. 
Kind of interesting, but rather semantic.

Also, I can simply say that the true beliefs in the Gettier cases were *unjustified*; the believers simply did not do enough investigation.
Confess I don't understand the issue. Justified true belief still seems fine. My belief is there are 2 beers in the fridge. The justification is, I put 2 beers in the fridge. I come home, either there are 2 beers or there are not. Neither outcome alters the justification for my belief. It's just in one case my belief happens to be wrong. 
More simply put, knowledge cannot exist, because we can never guarantee perfect information. We could all be just brains in a vat, suffering a similar problem to the guy with the Newcastle Brown Ale. If we allow this kind of argument to undermine the argument for knowledge, then we have an insurmountable challenge. 
It's difficult to know something because beers can be stolen and people have brothers, got it.

This whole idea is fart sniffery of the highest order. Does everyone involved just have too many words lying around?
It seems to me that in all the Gettier-style arguments, the problem is that you're vague about your knowledge.

"There are two beers in the fridge" vs "The two beers I bought last Saturday are still in the fridge."

"My husband is in the living room" vs "I just saw my husband in the living room" or "My husband is in *that* chair in the living room."

I.e., it seems the justification is justifying something more specific than one is concluding.
So instead of "justified true belief," knowledge is actually "correctly justified true belief."  Not sure why we need a whole article with multiple examples to explain that.
The story of the burglar and the beers got me to thinking, what if the solution is one of specificity? The burgled homeowner believes *two specific* beers are in his fridge, and he is wrong because he lacks specific pieces of information about what happened to them. So he has justified *false* belief that there are *two specific* beers in his fridge.
Reminds me of Descartes.
Aren't these all more about the problem of justification? You can never know whether or not you know something, and these problems seem to show that. Justification is an objective thing, and you only have a subjective view of it, so while wr can claim wr know things, wr can't really claim to know that we know things (or, at least, there always comes a point at which we have to take our justification on faith).
I feel like if someone drank your drink and replaced it. And you believed you had a drink in your fridge. You would be wrong in a sense because it's not the same specific drink. So you "knowing" there are drinks in the fridge is completely circumstantial and not necessarily "true".
Beer: He was correct.  Now he isn't.  Things change.

Husband: She was just plain wrong, no contortions of logic required.

Thermometer: His knowledge *is* both true and justified, but the situation pulls a bait-and-switch regarding **what** he believes.  He isn't consulting the thermometer to confirm that the thermal expansion of mercury still works correctly in this universe; he's consulting it as nothing more than a "temperature oracle".  He doesn't care in the least *why* the thermometer is right.  It just always is, whenever he checks it.  Effectively, he has a secret-agent-in-the-closet powered thermometer.

Archer: Straight-up begging the question - She is wrong *because* we assumed that a skilled archer can't tell the difference between a lucky shot and a good shot, which doesn't hold true - If she was "skilled enough", she would have *known* she got lucky.  You hear that all the time in post-game interviews: "I totally pooched that shot but got lucky".
 

Eh, I don't get why this is such a conundrum. In the beer example, the man's justification simply became invalid as soon as the robber drank his beer. He then had false justification of the contents of his fridge, which in turn invalidated his knowledge. The fact that the beers were replaced are simply a matter of luck that alligned with the circumstances of his previous justification, which at some point was true, but quit being so when the original beers were consumed. It feels like these are unique examples of how justifications can be false, but still lead the person to a true conclusion/belief. In laymen terms we might call it knowledge, but only because colloquial use of the word "knowledge" often disregards the validity of the justification, so long as the ending conclusion is true. The man would not explore the validity of his previous justification because he would assume it to be true based on his "after the fact" observation of beers still being in the fridge. He will believe the beers to be the same ones he purchased which would be a false belief, but the belief that there are beers in the fridge is true as is the justification for them being there after observing them on his return home, so long as this justification does not include his previous justification for them being there (he had bought and put them there). Similar idea with the living room husband/brother example. The woman built a true conclusion out of an untrue justification. It became a lucky guess although she might have felt it to be a sure thing because of her misguided justification. In reality, she did not have knowledge of the validity of her own knowledge, she just assumed she did although it still led her to a true belief. Again, just because you're right, doesn't mean you know why you're right, even if you think you do.

Edit: also want to add that it could also be argued that as soon as we lose contact with the source of a true justification, the justification becomes invalid since we can no longer observe it to be true. I'm hesitant in using this though because it would lead to the conclusion that no knowledge is truly knowledge after its justification has ceased being observed since no event in our timeline is static. We can only hold beliefs based on observations and those beliefs can be true or false and can lean to one or the other based on events that may alter the outcome. This simply devolves to an examination of semantics in the way we use the word "knowledge", and how fleeting knowledge truly is.
The problem arises from the unjustified demand that any proposition be labeled either 'true' or 'false'.

Actually, outside of a closed system like mathematics, we know Nothing absolutely.

All of our beliefs are on a continuum fro 0 to 1, and, depending on how important the 'truth' of the belief is, we pick a relatively arbitrary cut-off point, of what to believe.

In a civil lawsuit, I'll pick 51%, "preponderance of the evidence". In a capital criminal case, I'll pick "beyond a reasonable doubt", with the only cavil being the degree of reasonableness required.

I will believe what a thermometer tells me the temperature is, conceding that there is a vanishingly small probability that there is some elaborate conspiracy to mislead me.

If everyone had to append such a confidence interval to every statement of belief, there'd be a lot less dogmatism in the world.
Knowledge: Symmetry between the state of one's own mind and the state of the external universe. See, how hard was that?
The root of this problem is a false equivalence between perception and cognition. It focuses on inference and whether we are cogntively lucky, and essentially that all ideas are beliefs, and the question is whether they constitute knowledge or not. We are rehashing Hume and even Descartes' evil genius.  
Gibson's theory of direct realism, that is, perception as direct and unmediated by inference, renders the debate moot. Knowledge is *not* justified true belief. It is that which is directly perceived, and any idea that lawfully follows from it.
I read the article. What I'm trying to figure out (and please read this with sincerity, not sarcasm), what's the point of taking time to focus on this? To the point of writing a large article? As another poster wrote, "Your assumed knowledge may not always be correct."
I'm going to take Michael Williams' position and say that the concept of knowledge is more like that of 'witch' and 'warlock' than 'lead' or 'gold'... 'Knowledge' doesn't fit with the facts of reality and really shouldn't even be talked about at all since *it doesn't exist*. Traditional epistemology has a bizarre obsession with and makes a fetish of 'knowledge'. 
We can never really know anything, because we're all just experiencing stuff filtered through our brains. Everything up until now in my life could have been a hallucination. 

But we have to get on with our lives and assume our beers are going to be there in the fridge because we put them there, until things are proven otherwise. 
I actually did an analysis of the differences of knowlege and understanding, while I was trying to find the link between higher intelligence and mental disorders. It boils down to that you can know something, but not understand it, and understand something, but not know what you are doing. Like an idiot savant may not know that what they rae looking at is a 1996 Toyota pickup truck's engine, but that understand how to disassemble and reassemble it by hand. 
[removed]
I know the reply to this comment will pose a threat to me, and I'm dreading to read it yet.
All knowledge is really just a model(s) of various components of existence (including mental constructs I suppose). And these models are decoupled from reality to some extent, perhaps in some cases wildly so.

One could even argue that the most simple information processing actions of a virus particle suffer from these same problems.

I guess that the approximations of reality that life produces can be regarded as sufficient because they are objectively useful. Although they do not represent reality with fidelity in any absolute way.

It is an interesting puzzle to be sure, with many implications.
I think part of the issue here may stem from expecting 'knowledge' to have a rigid, well defined meaning. Dodgy Analogy Time: suppose I define 'chair' to mean a 4 legged piece of furniture designed for sitting. Then you try to counter this by showing me a 3 legged bar stool. Now, we can debate all day whether a bar stool is or is not a chair, but does that get us any closer to understanding the act of sitting? I'm not sure it does.
Is there an infinite regress in justification?

Consider the case of two brown ales in the fridge. You can be mistaken at all of these levels:

1. Your knowledge of the proposition itself: You think there are three. You are wrong.

2. Your certainty about the proposition: You don't know how many ales there are, but you guess two. You are right, but you have low certainty. You're also right about the level of your certainty.

3. Your certainty about your certainty. You think you have good justification to believe there are two, but you are wrong about your own certainty, but right about the proposition this is the Gettier case.

4. Your certainty about your certainty about your certainty. The burglars (whom you know are fond of ale) made all the signs of an break-in but got spooked at the last minute. When you see the forced entry, you think "Ah shite me ales", but in fact... actually I'm lost now.
Aside from the issue of hidden specificity which has already been discussed in these comments I think another issue comes from a problem logic always has with time or change. If I see my sister in January and see her again in November am I wrong that I've seen my sister because whole swathes of her cells and died and been replaced, she's given birth to a baby boy and lost a hand? 
Can knowledge not be thought as to have a quality?  In Bayesian terms its like computing the posterior probability of any hypothesis.  
Say H is the hypothesis or knowledge, and E is some assumption,  then the quality of H can be given by P(H|E). 
This way stronger the assuming evidence,  higher is the quality of knowledge. 
Well, using probabilistic approach makes this problem disappears. 
All beliefs are justified, but with different probabilities. 
Probability that a unicorn has drunk my beer is abysmally low (evolution of a horse with a horn on its head and getting to my house to drink my beer, without ever being noticed by anyone. It may be a horse from outer space, which makes it  greatly less probable... and so on). 
I wouldn't put any money on this bet, yet.
So how do we know with certainty we know something? We can say that things are logically consistent, such as in trivial examples of arithmetric, but what of reality? Let's propose a hypothetical situation that is not impossible by the laws of nature. Suppose that someone has their senses overridden by some means such that a virtual reality sufficiently detailed to mimic the real world is implemented so that the subject is unaware. 

I understand this is the stuff of SF, however as a thought experiment is something which is not known to be impossible, it might be worth thinking about.

So I awake one morning and go through my day. I check my lottery numbers and I find I have half a billion dollars.  I "know" this because I saw the news report. I went and claimed my money. I know I bought a new house and am living a perfect life because I experience it. It's "real", but what I "know" is untrue in "the real world". My knowledge is untrue.

Considering that we do not have direct access to objective reality, how can we have certainty? Perhaps I'm misunderstanding terms, but how can we *know* that anything is real?
These puzzles seem to assume knowledge is persistent. He did not know there were two bottles of Newcastle at home, anything could have happened. All that he knew was that two weeks ago he put two bottles of Newcastle in the cabinet.

Which brings us back to principles of quantum theory. Perhaps we can only ever know something that we are currently observing.
So i read the first two examples.
The problem with the first one seems to simply be, that you can not know specific things in the future. You can only make guesses or conditional or probabilistic statements. Like if noone tampered with the bottles or another impactful event occured then they will still be there. Or say there is a 99% chance that they are there waiting. So in a way you can not "know" certain things about the future.

The second example with the woman and her husband just seems a misscharactization of what she actually can know. By saying she knows her husband is in the livingroom the problem arises vs the more specific statement that her husband is sitting in her husbands chair. If we state the claim as  her husband is somewhere in the livingroom, i think we can see that more clearly that this belief is not justified because she has no reason to believe that her husband is sitting in another chair. In fact thinking that her husband is anywhere else but sitting in his chair is unjustified.
This shares elements with the Heisenburg Uncertainty Principle.  Some things can't be fully known until they have been observed.  That which is observed is inherently changed by the act of being observed.  So where is Occam's Razor when you need it?  It's in the box with Schrodinger's cat.  Or is it?
According to my views this simple philosophical puzzle shows the loss of reality when too much abstraction occurs. All we're doing is using our already limited "knowledge" about the Universe (which we know through our senses..) and assuming that the word "knowledge" in some way represents a reality. Knowledge does not represent a reality other than the grey field of beliefs we hold, beliefs we hold because of our ancestors & our experiences. Knowledge is not perfect, and just because we can contextualize as being accidentally right or wrong really tells us nothing about reality. It tells us about the potential for abstraction by the mind and that's about it. Taking a situation, trying to look at it in ultra-isolation, giving caveats that only fit perfectly into this situation, is all taking more and more steps away from reality. 

We hold no true "knowledge" about reality. Knowledge doesn't exist outside of our paradigm of thoughts about it. What we can do is perceive the reality around us through imperfect perceptions. We have vision but what we see is just what developed to help us survive, me seeing the colour purple is not seeing actual reality, it is just a perception. Same with smell, methane may smell like something to me but only because it was evolved that way. 

So that's the first abstraction, if we want to label steps. Sensing the world gives us some relatively useful "knowledge", that is really not true knowledge at all. There is no certainty in it to begin with. The second step is words. My words for the description of reality are a further step from actual reality. Now I'm taking something I sensed, and placing a label on it as if it were a generalizeable phenomena. No, it is not generalizeable, no two items are exactly alike, everything in space time is in a different location but universally the same (probably). My description of the word purple may mean something different to you, you may envision a different shade of purple. My word "stupid" may have a different definition in my vocabulary than it does in yours. When I say god, different people would have different conceptions of what that word means, different people would have different ideas & experiences related to that word, and two people can be making arguments about their own perception of god, but really they're talking about a symbolized word that means something a lot different for each person & words cannot be argued to perfection, because they're an abstraction of reality. These abstractions kind of act on a scale, the word purple is abstracted but is pretty relateable amongst people, a concept of philosophy which tries to decipher what knowledge is is a better question that's left unasked, or looked at as the beauty of our brains abstractions. There is no reality to be talked about, there is no conclusions to be reached, for words are not aligned with reality, they are mere symbols that we've developed but they exist nowhere & they themselves form false bases of knowledge when we think that there is a universal definition of certain words. This post itself used too many words/abstractions probably.
Isn't the solution to this extremely simple - you can't claim that you know something in an instance when luck would make it not so.   

Or, doesn't simply being more precise clear this up - "I put two beers of Newcastle in the fridge last night, which should still be there unless someone took them."   



How about the idea that knowledge, in that sense, does not exist. All of the things we know are contingent and somewhat probabilistic. I know that the clock said 5:46 when I walked outside and saw the sun rise assuming my eyes were not a bit blurry and it really said 5:48.


so if the robber only replaced one beer, did he "know" that one was there while incorrectly asumming  the other would be? 
The article is talking about casual word usage in everyday speech. In the purest sense we can never truly "know" what's currently in the refrigerator unless we're looking right at it. But the inaccuracy of colloquialisms has no impact on pure concepts we deal with in rigorous logical reasoning. Is the Gettier problem really a deep philosophical conundrum or just an exercise in semantics? 
*correctly* justified true belief. Am I missing something?
Can't see the problem if you replace the definition of knowledge by 'knowledge is my current best model of the situation'. This allows the model to be wrong without upsetting the definition
I would contend that they simply differentiate between subjective and objective truth. Only objective truth is knowledge. It is true irrespective of belief or ignorance. Subjective truth is simply knowledge with incomplete data, a murderer with replaced memories is not lying when he denies his crime. To him, he speaks only the truth. 
I don't think anyone ever said you can be sure about things that aren't static. And even static things, like the laws of the universe, are altered by different factors.

All kinds of things could happen to interfere with his wine, but the law of gravity isn't going anywhere.
To me, knowledge is more of a cache that can be justified and true at a specific point in time but invalidated as events occur at a later time without the person knowingv about these events. The knowledge is only truly valid at the moment it is learned and after that it is cached information with less possibility of being true as time passes.
I have tried thousands of times to try to explain the answer to this to someone and have always gotten a blank stare in response. Either you understand it or you don't and it seems no amount of explanations will make someone understand this concept. Perhaps it is too complex to be normally understood.
In [aeon] (https://aeon.co/essays/the-hard-problem-of-consciousness-is-a-distraction-from-the-real-one) it is suggested that the brain is a prediction machine, making its best guesses (ie, beliefs) about the causes of its sensory inputs.  If this is true then all of our beliefs are ultimately just assumptions.  Assumptions about the causes of our sensory perceptions would seem to carry greater weight than assumptions about the state of the external world.

In the case of the beers in the fridge the beliefs are:-

* Belief1: I put two beers in the fridge.

* Belief2: The state of the fridge does not change (ie the contents do not change) when I do not observe them.

The derived belief (Belief3) is that when I open the fridge door later the beers will still be there.

In the context of the story Belief3 is reasonable.  If the story had been about a shared fridge in the office kitchen then that belief could be unreasonable.  Either way, all beliefs are ultimately assumptions of some degree.
But it seems to me that this only seems like a problem because of that silly definition they started with, justified true belief. 

I mean, it kind if sounds like something a post modernist would come up with, not an actual definition. 

I like the definition of knowledge in David Deutsch's book the beginning of infinity. 

I cant recall excactly. But it's essentially explanations. So for example genes have packets of knowledge about their environments. While genes went on creating and transmitting knowledge through random variation and selection—what we call evolution—human beings, using their brains, started to create and transmit knowledge using creativity and hypothesis-testing—what we call science.
Eh, this seems to boil down to "Using an extremely strict definition of 'know', no one knows anything ever."  Which, fine, I won't argue with you on that.  But maybe the takeaway shouldn't be "no one knows anything ever"; maybe the takeaway should be "the extremely strict definition is unreasonable and not terribly useful, and it's OK for words to have meanings that are in some ways vague."
the title sounds like a buzzfeed article ffs what is this sub
Skepticism is just as unreasonable and uncertain as believing in the virtue of knowledge. Either way, very few people are genuinely believe in skepticism. Most individuals use it as a shield when someone challenges their ideological convictions. 
Would we be so lucky to have any of these narratives occur in a setting that discounts for the sum of previous experiences, which naturally create bias and expectation. Knowledge expressed as an expectation/sum of previous parts?
Love studying Epistemology in college 
This analysis misses both the larger picture and the point of knowledge. It assumes a self which can know anything, and then tries to define what knowledge is. Knowledge cannot be judged in the context of this worldview, as it is trivial to demonstrate the lack of a coherent self, its inability to know anything as it is and to deduce anything factual that may be considered as objective knowledge. 

We have transitory selves that have approximate knowledge based on a limited and inherently flawed interpretation of our limited sensory input which has been condensed into memory and narrative. All that matters is that it generally functions as if there is a self that has access to knowledge. That's it.  
Louis the XVI had death brought to him by the guillotine. I know that.
The site crashed, and here I legitimately thought the puzzle is to make the site work
Can someone point out what I'm missing, cause this seems pretty cut and dry to me. These clever little stories work perfectly well under Plato's definition of knowledge.

Take the beers example. The belief in question is not true. In believing his beers are in the fridge, he is not literally believing the English language reduction "I have two beers in my fridge" ONLY and nothing else whatsoever. Practically his belief will be in a situation that includes many details, including that his two beers are the exact two he left there, and that they were not burgled. So if we're to take the practical meaning that this is a story about an actual guy that is having an everyday belief about his beer, his belief is false.

For argument's sake, let's say this is a thought exercise and that the guy literally only believes he has two beers in the fridge. Then his belief is true. It feels weird because we've taken the practical example above and forced it into an overly literal thought exercise based on language and not real life.

But his belief is still true. There are two beers in his fridge, that's literally all he believes, and therefore it's legit knowledge.

To better illustrate this in a way that feels (a bit) more natural, let's say I have no idea why the sky is blue. I have knowledge that the sky is blue, but I never considered the underlying principle. My knowledge is literally just that the sky is blue and nothing more.

I wake up one day, and look at the sky. Unbeknownst to me, it is now blue because the world has been encased in a blue dome by aliens. My knowledge of the sky being blue is still true because it is *literally only knowledge of that* with nothing contextual attached. The underlying reason the sky is blue has changed, but that doesn't matter because my knowledge was never of the underlying reason to begin with.
I've always wondered how determinists, even compatibalists, square their theories of knowledge with determinism.

>“What does it take to ensure that one’s cognitive success is not due to luck? 

It seems to me that any cognitive success one has, if we are going to grant determinism, is due to luck, and thus it is impossible to have knowledge if we grant determinism (given our theories of knowledge still employ justification, lack of luck)


What's wrong with a definition of knowledge being "justified true belief that isn't a Gettier case"? 
Its very easy to know something. even descartes got too cocky. watch this:

"i think, therefore anything".  i dont even know what anything is but i know its there and the possibility is honestly way more valuable than any jackass who thinks they know what something is in any state. you really think youre sitting on something right now? youre sitting on probabilities. nothing is just one thing. anything is what existence is. the assumptions have to be correct to begin asking these questions that are designed to avoid assumptions. lol.

done. not solipcism. simply the only thing i know for sure. i dont exist because i think. i exist because im the opposite of nothing existing. i know this. otherwise i am nothing and exist because im nothing.

how do you have a bagel if the middle is empty? a hole is the absence of what surrounds it. its not empty. its quite full. you dont need to know what the state of something is in order for it to be true. it just needs to be a question with an open end. the hole isnt the part missing from the bagel. its what makes the bagel what it is. you need the lack of bagel in order for it to be a bagel. that doesnt bug you? of course not. then why should this?
If you make an assumption, consciously or subconsciously, you could be wrong.

Why is this such a big deal. This article was a fabulous waste of time.
I feel like this is one of those scientific research articles that get made fun of for being obvious, like "New study shows that diamond is harder than marshmallow."
There is no such thing as justified belief. Knowledge comes from experience, beliefs are irrelevant traps. If I see some beer in my fridge exactly the way I left it, I have knowledge that my beer is there the way I left it. It does not matter whether someone drank my originals and replaced them or not, or what I believe about events I did not experience.
Doesn't Occam's razor cut through most of this? It's reasonable to assume the simplest explanation unless other evidence presents itself. 
I'm really hoping that Gettier is relevant to the US election and that Trump will fail miserably and make America great again.
God this worse than something we did in class. An essay prompt for a benchmark asked us what's more important: knowledge or wisdom and no one knew for sure.
This seems to simply point out the plainly obvious:  "knowledge" os never more than probability anyway.  It is only hubris that makes us assume our knowledge is any more special than a dog remembering where it is usually fed.
This is a great example of why ignore philosophers.  First the brain rewrites memories everytime you recall them so there is no truth. And recall is different than storage. Most things you have learned are stored in your memory it is whether you can recall them on demand that matters.  The the first example it is a false logical statement to believe your fridge or your house will be there when you get home. There is no truth in the past or the future. That is an assumption. There  is no truth in an assumption there is a finiti probability which may be very close to unity but it is not unity.
I find this to be an intriguing reformulation, but I am not sure whether it will convince many halfers. What about the following retort:

"That is all fine, but sleeping beauty can deduce this hint already on Sunday. If asked right after the cointoss, without being put to sleep, we should all agree however that beauty's posterior should still be 50-50. Since she knew it on Sunday already and it didn't influence her posterior and she doesn't learn anything new when woken up, she should not update her credence."

This seems to put us right back to the original problem, doesn't it?
That there is new information does not necessarily require that probabilities have changed.  For example, consider this hint:

>This coin was quantum entangled with a coin in another room, if the coin in the other room was flipped and came up heads then this coin will come up heads too.

Are the odds of the result of the coin flip required to change?
I'm not sure the appeal to Bayesian formalism is doing anything here. The main claim is:

> Because the hint provides beauty with new information about the result of the coin flip, it is illogical for the probability of heads to remain the same both before and after receiving the hint. 

I agree with this, but halfers don't and there's nothing in the Bayesian formalisms to force them to. It's as easy to write down coherent probability distributions where Prob(Heads | Hint) = Prob(Heads) as it is to write down distributions where that's not the case. 

Remember: it's no part of Bayesian orthodoxy that probabilistic independence between empirical propositions dealing with a similar subject matter is to be avoided. This might fall out of your favorite philosophical view, but it doesn't fall out of Bayesianism.

What's doing all the work in your claim is the word "illogical", and that's just a way of saying that you'd like to plug in one or more standard arguments against being a halfer in the place of this word. 

Almost everyone involved in this debate on both sides is a Bayesian. They know how to square their views with Bayesian orthodoxy. 


The sleeping Beauty problem doesn't have an answer as long as we do not stipulate exactly and unambiguously how Beauty assigns probability to coin flips. To take an extreme example, she might not understand probability at all and simply assign heads a probability of 78.5% because she thinks 78.5 is a beautiful number. Or she might be rebellious and answer the question "what's the probability of head" with "cauliflower". Without specifying that her assignment of probabilities has to be correct AND a clear description of what "correct" means, the halfers and the thirders are just as wrong as the 78.5ers and the cauliflower'ers.

My suspicion is therefore that the paradox is caused by the inability of either camp to come up with a satisfactory reason as to why Beauty should prefer their method of assining probabilities over the other camp's. This suspicion is further strengthened by the fact that if one introduces an objective measure for probability, the paradox vanishes, as described in the operationalization section of the wiki page linked by OP
[deleted]
I get the sense I don't fully get this/at all. Is it just that nothing is lacking fundamentally except in comparison to other things?
Thank you for this:)
If anyone would like further clarification or reference, the 1970s philosopher Gilles Deleuze has also written specifically on this topic in his book 'Practical Philosophy'.

You can find this on page 52 of the PDF below:

http://projectlamar.com/media/Deleuze-Spinoza-Practical-Philosophy.pdf
This sounds like the idea that nothing in the foreground is separate from the background. Both sides contribute to each other yet where one begins and one ends is decided by our perception and it's quite different than the molecular dividing line of the two "separate" objects when inspected.
Spinoza's words themselves explain it a lot better than the analysis of them does. 
> I have in mind the work of Maturana and Varela and their biological theory of Life, Autopoiesis, but also general Neo-Darwinian accounts. I have yet to hear any theory of biology which would support a Hegelian view of the world. 

I almost dropped my coffee when I read that. Let me counter that with Wikipedia.

> In his discussion of Hegel, the philosopher Slavoj Zizek argues that "Hegel is – to use today's terms – the ultimate thinker of autopoiesis

But putting that aside... you can see the incredible influence on gestalt psychology, on Merleau-Ponty, on Continental Philosophy's lack of interest in thought experiments about brains in jars, in the completion of Kant with Todes' 'Body and World', with Lacanian psychoanalysis and on and on. 
This is also a spectacular example of bad writing.

Limited by its loftiness. 

Hard to read.

Tedious.

Yuck.
This is just a form of objectivism to me. If you describe the same thing without removing human emotion and impulse, as Spinoza does, then this turns into an "everyone gets their fair share and should be happy with it" argument, which I do not support like this at all. Please correct me if I'm wrong here.
I dated this girl who would call Camus "basic", because in her understanding philosophy had to be wrapped in complex words and profound analogies. We would argue, or I would, that the beauty of Camus is how he would present this deep and meaningful thoughts in a simple matter, without getting engrossed in his own intellectuality. That his own life was a perfect recreation of what he thought life should be. That in the end, he was indeed happy. 
"there is no more dreadful punishment than futile and hopeless labor..."

My philosophy teacher used to say this all the time. 
To me, the brilliance of TMOS is, of course, The Stranger. Camus seems to me to be one of the earliest writers to wholly grasp what Dostoevsky did with his characters. To take a philosophical idea and place it into a character, a free and independent personality in Bahktin's words, and see it through to its most extreme end.  

This may seem obvious to some modern readers, but Dostoevsky's contemporaries found so many of his characters, like Kirilov, to be so preposterous that some of his greatest works were considered to be crap, especially by his former Belinsky circle of writers. 

I think Camus tried to cut off this type of criticism by clearly writing out a philosphical idea, then following it with a novel that places that idea into the world and lets it sink or swim as it runs up against the existence of other people. Camus' ear for speach and prose is also what make his philosophy so accessible IMO. He can write his ideas out in a simple form because he is such a talented prose writer. 

through this view of Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus/The Stranger and The Rebel/The Plague stand out as one of the most well proposed and argued Philosophies in written history -- in my extremely humble opinion.
"One must imagine Sisyphus happy."
Good post, but the formatting is worthy of /r/crappydesign
[La Dispute - Six](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4fvwSrNwDA)
they sing most of this text.
If you don't know them, please check it out.
They're awesome.
Had to share.
I am nowadays follower of absurdism.
I highly recommend everyone to read The Rebel as a follow up.
Couldn't like this more if I tried. 
One of the best essays of all time, the language is beautiful in the English translation, can't even imagine what it is like in French.
Finally, my username is remotely relevant
I never got this one

Still dont 
Thank you all! I thought I'd share this because I enjoyed the reading so much, and I'm glad it resonated with so many of you here. I really like the brilliant and rebellious character of Sisyphus, and the idea of being in control of your own fate. Life can be sometimes be difficult and absurd, but if you realize that you are ultimately in control of your life all is well :)
Reading this after reading his more literary The Stranger gave me the same reaction as the first time I saw one of Picasso's non abstract works.
"You describe the world through imagery. I realize now that you have been reduced to beautiful poetry. I shall never know" is one of my favorite parts of that book. Thanks for reminding me of this. 
>They had thought with some reason that there is no more dreadful punishment than futile and hopeless labor.

Sounds like my job.
I was inspired by Sisyphus to make this futuristic rendition of the myth

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5D1B7r41Znk
A being of the underworld,
Sisyphus is eternal.   
Lifting his stone high up the mountain each day,
only for it to roll down each night.
  
Subject to chips, cracks, and indignities,
his stone, however, is mortal,
and wears away from his steady effort.
 
The Gods set him to this task, 
and he will complete it.
 
On the morning when only a pebble remains, 
Sisyphus will crush it under his heel.
 
An interesting fact is that Camus died in a car crash, and in his coat was a ticket in his coat for a train that he had missed. I'd like to think he we living in the spur of the moment and chose not to go. He was a good philosopher, and though we may not see eye to eye, this and the Stranger are very important for the philosophy of absurdism. In another note, I have always wondered with his philosophy that if slaves could be argued as happy.
I read this as: "The Myth Of Syphillis"
Then the top comment " Me and my girl would argue....
Odd coincidence but I have been listening to an audiobook of "the stranger" all day. Very different for philosophy texts
"...the whole being is exerted toward accomplishing nothing. This is the price that must be paid for the passions of this earth." 
When put it into the context of the rest of the mythology surrounding Sisyphus, him being happy and actually enjoying his task is the ultimate spit in the face of the gods, and probably the greatest of last laughs
Kinda how I got my username. One of the first philosophical works I ever read.
Camus was a Stranger.
This is one of my favorite works of all time, philosophy or not. I had tried getting into Camus several times and just couldn't approach him in a way that I gained an appreciation. While I was in college doing very well academically but having a myriad of difficulties personally, I started to read this text and it really affirmed for me these thoughts, theories, and emotions that I had been trying to sort out and gave me direction. It certainly won't do that for everyone, but it really spoke to me and for that I'll always appreciate it. 
He approaches it with determination: a goal, unquestionable and central.  It is a sphere of the most common granite.  It may have once had a sharp edge that has long since been ground down to soft curves and gentle handholds.  He thinks himself fortunate for it; it is unlikely he will cut himself.  There are cracks in the granite that he knows almost from within. He knows the flat spots that will slow him down, he knows the grips that will provide the best leverage and the grips that will provide the most force. He braces himself against it, letting his hands, callused and dry, dig into the dirt at its base, his arms and chest creating a cradle as he lowers his weight, even with the weight of his partner.  The stone is cold, but warm with familiarity.  He breaths deep.  With an enormous effort, the boulder is shifted from it’s resting place in the valley and they begin the ascent.

The gradient is shallow at first, but he knows the path steepens.  The wind is a constant, spitting dust into his eyes, howling like a lonely animal somewhere in the distance.  He doesn’t stop to contemplate what else might be in the distance, maybe it will be something to consider after, but for now the task at hand is the priority.  His mouth is dry, and his grunts against the weight of his companion sound midway between a whisper and a sob.

The tendons in his fingers are screaming.  His legs shake, his knees ache, and his shoulder is bruised from being wedged against the great reddish brown rock, speckled with grey and blue and even green.  He wonders what fire deep in the earth forged such a beast of dense crystalline beauty.  His muscles, his bones, the whole of his body beg him to stop, to rest, but to rest is to be defeated, to stop is to die.  This is his charge, this is his existence, and he will conquer it.  With each labored step, the dirt beneath his bare feet shifts, and half of every stride gained is lost again as the pair surge up and slide down the increasingly steep hill.  Occasionally he will lose his footing entirely, sinking to his knees, and it is all he can do to hold the behemoth at bay, using his upper body as a wedge at its base while he regains his own, but without fail he starts again.

Two thirds of the way up, the incline is such that when he readies himself for a heave, arms beneath its weight, chest and cheek and ear resting on it, he can see the level apex almost pedestaled just barely over the top of the rock.  The sweat pours from him, coating each face and making it difficult to get a good grip, but with each turn the dirt on the ground is picked up as well, to an extent drying the stone and absorbing the sweat, but he knows at a certain point it will turn to mud.  The thought alone is enough to make him tired.  Tired of the climb, tired of the effort, tired of being tired.  He does not remember what it feels like to not be struggling beneath the rock.  He does not remember anything before the task, he does not feel nostalgia for a prior life, he does not hope for a future reprieve.  This is his punishment, this is his existence.  He doubts his legs as they shake violently beneath him.  Maybe they will give out this time, maybe he will not be able to move it again, what will happen? Will he be crushed?  He heaves again, and as he feels his back groan and abdomen burn, like fire, on the verge of rupture, the beast shifts. It gives ground, asking him to try again. And again. And again.

Tears mix with sweat.  His heart beats loudly in his ears, he can feel his blood throbbing in his hands, in his forearms, in his legs, the entire earth throbs, even the mighty rock throbs with him.  The summit is so close, and with his final strength he pushes on, but doubts.  He is battered and beaten, and the boulder is unsympathetic.  He can feel it hating him.  Hating his weakness, hating his failure.  He can almost hear it laughing at him, the gods laughing at him.  It can see everything that he has done, all the distance he has come, the distance they have crossed together, and it is not enough.  The stone, a mere arm’s length away from a level resting place, suddenly becomes heavier than any man could bear.  He strains with all he has left against it, but it overcomes him.  His legs buckle, his back gives way, his arms go soft, and the burden slowly starts back down the hill.

It gains speed.  It follows the path they paved in anguish back down the hill with him laying at the top, defeated, watching his work become undone.  As it comes to a rest at the bottom of the valley, the wind blows harder and howls deeper, and the sun beats down upon him.  He sees from his vantage point the great distance and great height he moved his charge.  He pulls himself first to his knees, then to his feet.  He stands over his domain, and knows the task before him.  Slowly, but without trepidation, he walks back down the hill toward his companion.  As he nears it, the scorn within him solidifies.

He approaches it with determination: a goal, unquestionable and central.  It is a sphere of the most common granite.  It may have once had a sharp edge that has long since been ground down to soft curves and gentle handholds.  He thinks himself fortunate for it; it is unlikely he will cut himself.  There are cracks in the granite that he knows almost from within. He knows the flat spots that will slow him down, he knows the grips that will provide the best leverage and the grips that will provide the most force. He braces himself against it, letting his hands, callused and dry, dig into the dirt at its base, his arms and chest creating a cradle as he lowers his weight, even with the weight of his partner.  The stone is cold, but warm with familiarity.  He breaths deep.  With an enormous effort, the boulder is shifted from it’s resting place in the valley and they begin the ascent.  One must imagine Sisyphus happy.
I just did a project on this. 
What up Swarthmore. 
I find that Camus describes a very good question in his book. To some people life is without meaning, that is to say, there was no reason to keep living. Which is a problem with society I believe. We cause it to be so. However I also believe that giving life meaning is an individual decision. That the meaning you give your life is up to you, and that there is not one answer to the question, "what is the meaning of life". Instead I think we all have to answer it ourselves. 
There's a beautiful spoken word poetry version of this done by the band La Dispute. I'm on mobile right now but when I figure out how to share links I'll edit this comment. 

Edit: https://youtu.be/v4fvwSrNwDA
Edit: already posted, whoops.
Is there a reason he mixes Greek and romantic mythology?
Calbert Anus?
Was introduced to Camus by watching Everybody Wants  Some!! In an ending monologue where they talked about Sisyphus. Absolutely recommend this film, it ended up helping me write my personal statement to get into pharmacy school
One of the great works of our time. It's not just that life is meaningless, or that the Universe doesn't care, it's that even if life had meaning, we are incapable of knowing what it is. 
For anyone interested, I've linked an excellent post regarding "The Myth of Sisyphus" and the notion of suicide in an existential world. The article is titled "The absurd courage of choosing to live":
http://www.onbeing.org/blog/jennifer-michael-hecht-the-absurd-courage-of-choosing-to-live/8950 
As I understand it, life, inherently, is to suffer, and Sisyphus is a smart guy, because he has the ability to realize his suffering, and is content with suffering. 
I don't quite understand how I am supposed to take that, or what to make of it; am I supposed to enjoy the suffering my anxiety and depression cause me, if I want to be as smart as Sisyphus?
Moreso, how does that tie in with the "it could be better, so I'm going to work towards that" mentality 
I would really appreciate some much needed clarity. 
Fun fact. Albert Camus's grand-nephew is a tv show personality in Japan.  Thane Camus.
The background on this webpage is the worst decision. 
[removed]
I just said this on another post but: happiness is an emotion, which simply seems so subjective to me. I cannot reconcile attributing such supreme importance to subjectivity.

The root, "absurd", is such an appropriately coined term, but at least you Absurdists do not seem as lugubrious as us Nihilists.
Ah man, takes me back to some hazy days. I remember my man Camus wrote about a writer in this book who killed himself to promote what he thought was a masterpiece of fiction. Turns out, buddy is now buried six feet under and the stack of negative reviews will hold him down in perpetuum. Real sad time. 

Also, I have to say I relate to sisyphus. I'm not a religious person but a spiritual person, right. But unfortunately trekking my newspaper route with gallstones was a physical pursuit. 1981, after reading this fine book I began to look at the details around me: Donny's fox of a sister suntanning, Billy working on his car engine, my friends jumping through a lawn sprinkler, and of course, some good ol rock and roll coming from the cassettes of cars just passing me by.....The suburban houses on that sunny day had stories to them, it was beautiful and camus taught me that it's not the journey but the destination. Or maybe the opposite, my bad.

But man, those gallstones hurt like a motherfucker...It didn't matter though, the pain was worth the ability to see the beauty, rock on camus!!
Bob Dylan put the burden of Sysyphus more insightfully: "Everyone Must Get Stoned"
The Stranger was better
I wish people would be concise when discussing philosophy.
Thanks for posting this.  This was a good read.  I can't afford this college at all, so nice to see that fancy campus is teaching something useful to the young.
I used to love Camus. But then I read Beckett. 
You're all like Icarus. 
Lol. Of course it's Swarthmore! Literally everyone here owns, or at least has read, Camus; I myself have a copy of the Myth of Sisyphus waiting for me on the bookshelf.
[removed]
I think the tension she sees (which I'm not entirely  sure I see as strongly, although I think I understand what she's saying) between literature and philosophy is very interesting; especially in that she talks about this tension being apparent in the work and lives of the writers she is talking about, but she herself also seems to share.

Also, a super-interesting reading of Moby Dick, which I haven't really come across before.
The common vagueness of the word "heap" reveals our lack of concern for precision with that concept.  If we cared enough about heaps to precisely define "heap," then we would do exactly that.  Much like we decided the concepts of distance, mass, etc. were important enough to develop the more exact terms "meter," "gram," etc.  

edit:  clarity
I was asked this question years ago, and my reply was "Four. That's how many grains."

/u/gprime311 may have a point saying three, in that you have two and one in the middle, but I tend to say that three on the bottom and one nestled in between better represents the geometry of a heap rather than two with one in between.

The problem with this entire premise, is that vagueness is often quite useful. You don't usually need to know the precise temperature, humidity, or rain volume when you go outside, you just need a *vague* idea, which works for humans really well.

Take any example you like, and I'll now give a view.

"I'm hungry." Vague as all get out. Does not convey how many calories I might need, or the nutritional balance, just that I require sustenance to satiate that biological need.

"I'm really hungry and I need to eat soon." Again, vague. How soon? Next five seconds or I'll fall over? Probably not, but it does convey the vague idea of what I'm try to get across.

No one really looks at a small heap of sand and says "Gosh. I don't know what to call that." although, heap generally implies that it's big enough that relative to your body size you can say "That's a big heap of sand."

Vagueness....it's useful.

Admittedly, it's useful in different contexts to precisions, but it's still quite useful.
The sand forms pictured were sculpted and wetted with some form of
bonding agent.  To call them "heaps" is not vague, it is promoting a falsehood.
Vagueness seems to be like an analogy for neural nets with layers and weights. The confusion with vagueness is perhaps like trying to figure out why individual nodes have the weights that they have. People get a natural feeling of understanding in their head that object A is a heap and object B isn't, then a confusing object C comes in that isn't so clearly biased towards being a heap or non-heap.
The answer is 3, possibly 2. A heap is a bunch of things stacked on top of each other. You need two to make a stack, three if you want a pyramid.
Sure, potentially anything 'could' be possible.
Michio Kaku in a book talks about it and says it's potentially possible 
This is a slightly off-topic comment because I am not going to address the linked video directly, but Rupert Sheldrake has a fairly infamous reputation. He is one of a handful of people who have given TED presentations, whose presentations were subsequently censored and disavowed by the TED organization. You can find his presentation on YouTube with a little searching, it is worth watching.
endogenous DMT. Sheldrake likely knows at about this as he used to give lectures alongside Terence McKenna

cultures who have embraced psychedelic compounds understand telepathy far better than people who intellectualize and try to rationalize it without any actual experiential data, and they wouldn't waste their time arguing with you about it, they'd tell you that some higher "intelligence" or frequency or wavelength that we all emanate contains or attracts the information that makes telepathy and other "unbelievable coincidences" not only possible but a personal favorite in DMT's spice rack

DMT and 5-MeO (who i call Chairman MeO) exist endogenously and have been barely researched, for utterly nefarious reasons - it's extremely likely that many so-called mysteries of human consciousness will be rather quickly solved when we add the puzzle designer's vision to the table full of scattered pieces we've been playing with like kids with crude blocks

Trying to understand consciousness without understanding what endogenous DMT does is like speculating about space for lack of an actual 
 telescope, marveling at what "seems" rather than actually tapping into what's really going on

This entire subreddit often seems like a playpen of speculative hyper-intellectual babble for lack of actual experience

no offense to anybody stuck revving in low gear, but you have to step Up to understand these things 

Nobody ever said that monkeys with razors and credit cards are able to understand the mysteries of consciousness *by looking at it from the outside*, without actually eating "extra", immersing oneself and rigorously studying the stuff that makes them tick 

"have you ever been experienced", etc.

And the word "consciousness" can mean so many different things to people - to us it means the same as the Chinese word, Qi,  the life force/autonomous Consciousness that makes human consciousness possible and interesting
Text messaging is telepathy...your thoughts instantly beamed to someone else's device!!
The notion of telepathy or non local consciousness is in most ancient contemplative traditions, siddhi powers for example. It seems to me that the bridge between material science and these ancient theories of mind may be in studying mirror neurons. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mirror_neuron...it could be that these siddhi (psychic) powers are simply tuning the mind to subtle cues in the environment that are usually overlooked but there is potential that it is more than that. Im a bit of a romantic when it comes to the possibility of psychic powers as I like to think humans have this amazing potential, although I also realize that scientific evidence of this is difficult to come by using our current materialist models but am hopeful for advancement/evolution of these models as science has seemingly limitless potential. 
[Telepathy is precluded by quantum field theory. If field or particle existed that could interact with the atoms in your brain, we would have already found it by now.](http://www.preposterousuniverse.com/blog/2008/02/18/telekinesis-and-quantum-field-theory/)
That was throughly enjoyable. I think the study of mind as a philosophical field is interesting because it is different from the study of the rest of the natural world in that the scientific tradition has nothing nothing concrete to say on the subject, as opposed to for example say cosmology in which there are definite hypotheses and attempts to gather empirical evidence to support or refute those hypotheses. Though the western scientific tradition is still yet to lay down the fundamental definitions on which it could build a theory of mind (including the possibility of finding out that mind is reducible to physical or biological processes), theories of mind enjoy old and well defined narratives in continental and eastern philosophical traditions. Evidence in these traditions is drawn from first person experience, which though insufficient for the purposes of science, may be the only evidence available given the curious and special nature of the subject. 
I thought it was already accepted knowledge telepathy is not only possible, but has and does occur? Regardless, I'm glad to see this topic still being discussed.
I've experienced telepathy. It certainly exists...

It was extended use of Ayahuasca that allowed me to subconsciously use telepathy, albeit in a weak way.

An example is when I was helping a friend make muffins. Out of the blue, I idly wondered whether bacon (which wasn't on the bench) and (something else that was) would make a good combination, and my friend, eyebrows raised, asked why I thought of that, because she was thinking about the exact same thing at that moment, it being a favourite of hers.

Also, I had another minor experience where I was thinking seemingly randomly about something, and the next second, to my shock, someone verbalized it... was I subconsciously picking up on their thoughts?

I've also communicated with spirits using Ayahuasca. They don't use language, but somehow, my mind was translating their raw intentions into words I could understand. Still not sure how it fully works, though.

Another time, I tried telepathically communicating with a crow. It was a very quiet afternoon, and I was sitting quietly, albeit calling loudly, mentally, when the neighbour said "shut up". I was confused, because there was no noise. So, I called out mentally to the crow again, and again, "shut up". I stopped, shocked, and the crow stopped calling out at the *exact* same moment as me, lol! XD

So, enough direct experience has shown me that it does exist, but how can I really explain this to someone else who's never had such an experience?
Humans are so fickle. We already have several forms of telepathy.


Depends how you define telepathy.

Body language/emotion/intuition. Have you ever sat next to or across from someone? Look at their face and pick up subtle hints in their body language. Information is exchanged that reveals their thoughts and feelings. Every had a significant other that you spend all day every day with? Family members? You sense changes in them. Telepathy v1.0 

Speech. The human is a single organism, with it's brain as it's premier controller. The mouth is just an intermediate conduit of the mind. We take metaphysical thoughts and manifest it physically through the mouth. Why does that translation from mind-to-mouth suddenly breakdown the concept of telepathy? If you think about it there is almost an insignificant difference whether our communication involves sound waves or not. Speech is Telepathy v2.0


Books. It's more of a temporal one-sided telepathy. Someone in the past put their thoughts down on paper. Now anyone in the present or future can dive into the mind of a writer, though the writer cannot actively reciprocate. Telepathy v3.0

Text-messaging. I have thoughts in my head, I translate them to electronic text and send it to you - when you read the text message your thoughts are implanted into the readers brain. Back and forth, unspoken, over unlimited distances, instantaneously. How is that not telepathy? Telepathy v4.0


We'll probably eventually achieve the fantasy-based idea of telepathy where humans can lock eyes and have fully English conversations with each other in their minds, this will be aided through technology/biotechnology. 

But this is just a less cumbersome version of what we already do with phones and text messaging; but I think many of us will actually prefer text messaging for it gives us the option to delay our response or not respond at all , as well as having the option to keep a written record. And, of course, speaking works just fine.

Telepathy is all around us, we just refuse to accept it because it doesn't match what we imagine on Television.
[removed]
Before I hear this podcast, is not Telepathy logically impossible? 
i feel like im just reading the same thing over and over and over again but just explained differently.
I don't see the example of the murderer as a sound refutation. 

If we remember that Kant wants us to think of morality as equal to e.g. physical laws, then the murderer, by virtue of wanting to be murderous, has broken the fabric of moral reasoning. Therefore, any choice making that follows from that *isn't* logically grounded anymore. It's as if the murderer has flipped gravity and then expects you to logically build something while sticking to the usual way in which gravity works.
Why do you guys post these here, just so the sub has something to tear apart?
Did he call natural law supernatural?
[removed]
A professor I had in undergrad referred to Kant's Categorical Imperative as "target-shooting for undergrads." 

Can anyone venture a guess as to why?  This has always puzzled me.
Salay plz explain. Or at least ask your sister.
Wish I'd found this before I took my exams :')
What if I say that my maxim is "check all these statistics about the world and do the most utilitarian thing possible?"

Is that universalizable?

Can I say that "I can lie, if I tell everyone involved the truth later, and if I am fairly sure that the lie will cause good otherwise."?

I don't think it makes sense to completely respect murderer's own moral judgement, because it could be mental illness or something, and it's important to respect the victim's moral judgement.

Does "mere" means happen when the person didn't consent to being means? What if I could give 10,000 people freedom with one non-consenting person, by secretly using them in a *trivial* way?

Is the universalizability principle a formulation of the Golden Rule?
Determinism was first discovered by the Sumerians when they noticed the wandering stars through the fixed constellations had a mathematical certainty about their cyclical return. It was thought the realm of heavenly perfection was an eternal cosmic principle which when mirrored by the body social would bring harmony and accord to the world. It ought to be noted the unearthly wisdom was accessible to the priestly caste alone, for the knowledge was contained within the script -- *In the beginning...*

Free Will we first encounter in the Rig Vedas whereby the warrior caste would not be constrained by priestly deterministic principles. Nietzsche also says something similar concerning the Christian priesthood and Free Will, that is, it is defined within a transcendent metaphysics. 

I'm a little suspicious of compatibilism if I'm honest and mechanised causal relationships arising from ontologically materialistic assumptions. To my mind what is self-evident *is* contemporary sciences have literally no ground to stand on at all and this is something Heidegger referenced too with his metaphysical nothing.
Good read. Two cents from the top of my head:

Please don’t use the Miller translation, it does more harm than good. Taylor and Williams both criticize it for being misguiding and too metaphysical respectively. I think you can find Pinkard's dual German/English of Phenomenology as a PDF on this sub, actually.

Hegel’s prefaces were all pretty much “unintelligible” because they were written after the argument. They were written as the end, more than a beginning. This was not an uncommon practice, but Hegel makes it a demonstration.
Interviewer: "What is Philosophy?"

Philosopher: "Correct!"
"Can I just laugh?  I have no idea what philosophy is."

This guy gets us. 
On a side note how is he a philosopher even
Common responses included:

What is philosophy?

What is?

What?

And the nihilists said nothing at all.


[Bertrand Russell's answer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvOcjzQ32Fw&t=40s)
There's no widely accepted concrete definition of philosophy... but the general responses to that question is essentially clustered around a few ideas.

A summation of which might be as follows;

Philosophy is the study of thought and knowledge. A study into the what, why and the how of belief. It is a meta-subject that is incorporated either explicitly or implicitly into all other branches of study, and serves to act as the glue for all knowledge.

---------------

I'd be careful in accepting answers that try to act as though science or even mathematics (or similar) were separate branches of study; given that they both emerged from philosophy as sub areas of study. It's only in our modern age where the whole of human knowledge is so vast and broad that people can spend their entire lives in separate branches and never discover it all. But that doesn't mean that there isn't or hasn't been substantial philosophical work done to find or create those branches in the first place.
I always liked Montaigne's definition: Philosophy is learning how to die.
There is a room.

There are people inside a room.

The room has a door.

A knocking noise is heard from the door.

All the people inside the room unanimously hear the knocking, and they all agree that someone has knocked the door.

They all start to reason with each other and ask questions and give answers about the identity of this knocker, where is he from, whats his name, what has he brought with him, what does he look like, how tall is he, what's his purpose, and every single detail that could be thought of about the nature of this knock.

each answer given has to be backed by some merit or logical background that supports the credibility of the answer, and they keep building up on each others' answers, verifying each thought process that went into each conclusion.

**That's philosophy**


Yet, they can never, truly never, get all the exact details of the knocker right without actually opening the door and seeing for their selves. Although they still can correctly verify some other information about the knock, they can document the time of the knock, how many repetitions, and the loudness of the knock, and all the other physical properties related to the knocking.


It's like a Schrödinger's cat situation where you are never sure if you have the right answer as long as the box is closed, but you can still have a very good understanding of how the experiment works.

------------------------------

This entire universe is a knock, our existence is a knock, water is a knock, the food we eat is a knock, birds flying in the sky are a knock, everything we observe with our sense is a knock.


We are more than welcome to ponder and hypothesise about the nature of these knocks, the properties that they bring with them, and all the subtle information that we can extract from them.

What we are unable to verify on our own is the identity of the knocker, no matter how much philosophy we go through, our only fail-proof way is to allow this knocker to speak for himself.








My answer:
 An exploration of the truths discovered through our knowledge of human consciousness, and the onward exploration of what may be discovered next. 

You can ask yourself the same question for "what is a philosopher?" to me it is a related question and a complex one too

The first answer from a philosopher I received for this is "Well, I think it is someone that creates complexity" this still make me laugh to this day however I don't think it is too far from the truth 
What is philosophy? Exactly!
I think it's learning how to grow old.
Philosophy is essentially about reprogramming the human mind.

Once it was realized that the model of the world in our heads is mutable and only an abstraction of reality of dubious accuracy. Then it followed that one would work toward deciding which model of the world was most advantageous. Models that were most representative of reality (Science), those that impart mental stability to individuals and groups (Psychology, Sociology, Ethics and I suppose Metaphysics, among others), models involving useful representations of how the human mind works (Psychology and more recently Neurobiology) as well as many others I am no doubt neglecting naturally grew out from this work over time. 

I think that is why many people have disdain for Philosophy and why it is often a rather painful/serious pursuit. However, the rewards from overtly 'self-aware' Philosophy pioneered in Ancient Greece (I would describe religion as 'intuitive' Philosophy) are plain to see indeed if one cares to glance at the historical record.

It seems as though Philosophy can be described as the most important piece of technology we have developed as it is a precursor to nearly all others (depends on if you view a Chimpanzee deciding he can use a stick as a weapon as the result of rudimentary Philosophical thought).  
My position is that philosophy is the pursuit of truth, particularly where its toughest of most uncomfortable to find.
The greatest challenge in this, I think, is personal drive. Whether it is a drive to accomplish a task, or to affirm something you believe, it will naturally narrow your focus to only consider what does not conflict that drive.
What philosophy is, is in itself a philosophical question. It's existence precedes its essence so to speak. Philosophy codified into a rigid method that structures its activity prior to this activity itself, is no longer philosophy. There's many philosophies, and philosophy will keep inventing itself. 
This was truly some of the most refreshing online reading material I've seen in a long time, and I thought I'd share it with everyone. 

Off to peruse my copy of *The Aleph* after quite a while!
Thank you, this is a great list
Which podcast should i use? I like to know philosopher's plain ideas without people interpret it
As someone who's new to reddit and hence this sub as well, this was so awesome to find!
Bravo, OP.
I've seen people say that crash course is bad, but I don't see why.  Can someone explain to me what's so bad.  
I think he makes the information clear and uses visuals to explain it well.  
Fine article of Book I, but it really don't say anything about Socrates (or Platos) justice, but more of what it is not. 

To explain Socrates' justice, you need more than just book I.
The whole point of Book I is to present different kinds of views on justice, to start of the search of his actual conception.
Besides this article concludes Thrasymachus account is disproven, yet (admittedly) almost the same account is taking up by Glaucon in the beginning of Book II. This is not refuted until the end of Book 8/9.


Most excellent! 
Plato's the republic is good to read 4 justice n shit
For the extreme of injustice is to seem to be just when one is not. So the perfectly unjust man must be given the most perfect injustice, and nothing must be taken away; he must be allowed to do the greatest injustices while having provided himself with the greatest reputation for justice. And if, he should trip up in anything, he has the power to set himself aright; if any of his unjust deeds should come to light, he is capable both of speaking persuasively and of using force, to the extent that force is needed, since he is courageous and strong and since he has provided for friends and money. (361a-b)(1) 

Basically, what Socrates is saying is that to be just takes time, morality, and perserverance. However, to be unjust takes shrewdness, deceptiveness, and manipulation. 

While it is not easy to be just, it is just as difficult to be unjust. Instead of using just and unjust, use the words good and evil. Good is the opposite of Evil, but both are needed for perfect harmony. 

It is difficult in our everyday life to be a good person, but the guilt, anxiety, and depression that bares down upon the unjust, allows for an almost admirable quality as well. 

That's why people are famous, and infamous - they mean basically the same, but one has a better connotation than the other. 
This brings me back to a high school coarse called Great loves great lovers. No matter how much love and effort I had I got a D
This still reads like a foreign language to me
The good men is just by nature. Just like the ill men is unjust by nature. Question: what do we mean by 'by nature'? 
This guy got banished by platos supporters right??
"World Philosophy Day was created by the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) to celebrate philosophy and promote the idea that "philosophy is a discipline that encourages critical and independent thought and is capable of working towards a better understanding of the world and promoting tolerance and peace."" ([Daily Nous](http://dailynous.com/2016/11/17/world-philosophy-day-else/))

**TL;DW:**
In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Chris Surprenant](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/chris-surprenant) (University of New Orleans) discusses the account of human well-being and the good life presented by Socrates in Plato's dialogues. He explains why Socrates closely connects his account of the good life with justice, a concept understood not just as a political arrangement but also as a state of a well-ordered individual's soul.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi
thats much to think about, thanks
This is a blog post by Roy T. Cook, CLA Scholar of the College and Professor of Philosophy at the University of Minnesota – Twin Cities, who will be giving an **AMA here on /r/philosophy** on November 29. [See the announcement post here for more details](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/4zph5n/fall_2016_rphilosophy_ama_series/). Be sure to check back around then for live Q&A on philosophy of logic, mathematics and comics.
The infamous Godel theorem, Turing's Halting problem, all expressed in terms of lie detection.
I think you made a lot of good points, and more importantly no truly objectionable points. I think nietzsche's lectures on the future of our educational institutions are relevant to what facilitates the unfortunate things you depict. If you haven't read them you should check them out 
Is it just me or does it seem like Zarathustra was an egomaniac who thought himself superior and like unto a god. All the "plebs" should listen to him for he has the truth and nothing else is true.
How does this theory interact with the idea of a crazy man who by chance comes up with the memories and wants of someone else, say Abe Lincoln?  This man wholeheartedly believes that he is Lincoln, and has memories and motives identical to some that Lincoln had that were born in his insanity.  Wouldn't that theory say that he is, in fact, Lincoln, due to his narrative being the same as Abe Lincoln's narrative?

I guess as a simplifying case, what if there were two old crazy people that wander into an insane asylum off of the streets?  Neither of them have anyone who would recognize either of them at the moment they walk in.  They both remember nothing but that their name is Tom, and they both want nothing but to lay down and go to sleep.  Those narratives are identical.  Are they the same person?

I'm inexperienced in philosophy, and only remember this idea from an introductory philosophy lecture that I took a year ago, so I'm sorry if there's a simple answer here that I'm missing or a name to this argument that I don't know.  
It may be a way of understanding personal identity. The video is worth watching.
BUT 
I think there might be a number of stories told about me.
I am going to die alone and as a failure. That's my life story
**TL;DW:**
In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Elisabeth Camp](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/elisabeth-camp) (Rutgers University) introduces the narrative view of personal identity and its major problems.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi
If you found this video interesting and you want more detail on the anti-narrative perspective, Galen Strawson's paper "[Against Narrativity](http://lchc.ucsd.edu/MCA/Paper/against_narrativity.pdf)" (pdf) is a great read.
As sense making creatures we create meaning out of nothing to satisfy our emotional needs. This is what I got out of this video. Does that sum it up about right?
Does anyone know what kind of software they use to make that kind of explainer video. I noticed that some of the drawings were reused throughout the video. The end result looks really good and appears to not require actually filming someone draw. Anyone know how they do that?
My thoughts: I think we're never completely conscious of who we are. I believe people have *opinions* on who they are (and which of their traits are the most defining of their identity), which derive directly from their values (which also may change over time).

We may be many things left untold in our self-narrative because we have to pick points to be presented in the story and also because we may not be conscious of important factors which influence our behavior.
I liked the baby saying it is straight forward. Whenever I see a newborn I am always envious how much lies ahead, rather than behind. 

Unfortunately throughout the course of life we are all exposed to both bad and good experiences. So operating on the assumption that we always have a self narrative I want mine from when I was one and half years old. 

I could eat, walk, talk and I thought the cat was the coolest. 
Thanks. Very interesting. BTW, who illustrated?
This is about as good as it gets from a purely humanistic perspective.  Thankfully, there is a much bigger picture which the author touches on but is careful to stay away from.   Our lives are completely unique is spite of our many commonalities, and we know this.  Why? Because we are fearfully and wonderfully made, and our lives are given meaning and value beyond our physical and mental properties and way beyond the story we live which so often attempts to define us.   There is something more because you are something more.  
Identity is a useful conceit. In fact neither you nor I exist in any of the ways philosophers juggle. Much like the best a map maker can create is a more or less useful representation of the world and not the world itself. 
So, what if someone gets amnesia?
[removed]
This is explains exactly how I comprehend the idea of self concept!
We all make choices, but in the end our choices make us. 
The thing is, if there is a story about you to be told, that means you are not yourself and your life is a not a real thing. Stories are, by essence, reductive. 
Maybe being human is just wearing a mask thinking it's your face. 
The video references the idea of "rags to riches" as being a western ideal. What ideals do the rest of the world have? In other words, what do Europeans, for example, deem as actualized? 
maybe. also my mom and my friend Richard will have different stories about my college years
over time, stories change. presumably the past me doesn't. 

I like how she points out; we are what we care about. The theories of metaphysics are interesting but feel chaotic and don't offer anything concrete. If you put time and effort into enough things, one or maybe a few of them will work and it will make you happy. 
It is funny that life is always defined as what happened in it that was out of the ordinary.

When you think of Einstein, you think of his theories or other bits that add background value to his theories (stories about his mother, his teacher, etc.). You wouldn't want to know about his teacher if he hadnt produced his theories. 

Similarly when we meet people, we tell them what makes us different rather than what makes us common. Where do I work, where did I grow up, what do I do in my spare time. 

Nobody does ask you what toothpaste do you use, what do you think of fatherhood, what do you think about the taste of water, what is your favorite colour (unless of course the question supplements a bigger discussion).

So others perceive us based on our differences while you perceive yourself on the whole. You have a philosophy to life in every thing >  the motions you follow to brush your teeth, the risks you accept when driving, the type of food you like to eat in the morning, the way you approach strangers, the way you climb a set of stairs, the way you catch any type of ball, etc.

That part of your life is only known to you unless others notice it. And that is what makes you.

Not the highlights of your life. Not the woman you married or the degree you got but in all the peculiarities of your life that nobody knows but you.

The downside of people knowing our peculiarities in detail is that our death would have little to no effect on them. You already exist in their mind and you are 95% replicatable through imagination. That is why a child craves their parents more when they are younger but pulls away from them when he thinks he has them fully figured out.

And that is why my belief in God is strong because I believe that he knows me better than myself. To even the most minute peculiarity that resides in my subconscious.
Perception is reality, and we all define our own. Otherwise this life story would be too sad to live. 
Black outs. Amnesia. Sorry, next. This has been disproven many many times since Locke.
Not going to watch it because I don't want to at the moment but what could the applications of this be if someone said "I am nobody"?
Would would this mean for the person?
[removed]
[removed]
My identity cannot be realized because of thing's that have happened in my life which nobody believes. Which has allowed to some degree my mind its own opportunity to create reality and how I perceive myself.
[removed]
Dear Philosophy, 

I want you to understand me. 

Sincerely, Thoughts
Rather reminds me of this quote

“The masses have never thirsted after truth. They turn aside from evidence that is not to their taste, preferring to deify error, if error seduce them. Whoever can supply them with illusions is easily their master; whoever attempts to destroy their illusions is always their victim. An individual in a crowd is a grain of sand amid other grains of sand, which the wind stirs up at will.” -gustave le bon
Kierkegard was quoted, in reference to the freedom of speech,  we also have a freedom to wise silence but few exercise this right. (Quote not verbatim)
I always loved Kierkegaard on the crowd. Nowhere in the bible is it written "love the crowd".

More relevant today with highly partisan politics and both sides attempting to dehumanize their opponents.
The central point about being human is that the unit “1” is the highest; “1000” counts for less.

what an eloquent thought
His thoughts on the 'crowd' go much deeper; Kierkegaard had the sophistication to understand the social consequences imparted by the printed word as it appeared in the news paper and other media at his time. Specifically, it was the artificial construction of the 'public' in collusion w the hypercentralization of states as 'government' (a notion absent in medieval Europe before print) that gave permission for the most insidious forms of modern group think.
This thread is crowded with too many individuals 
"Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards." This means everyone has a happy life in the end if you rewind your life story.
Eh, I don't know.  Truth has nothing to do with whether or not it is believed by "the crowd" -- or even if it is an opinion that the crowd subscribe to in some manner other than actualy belief -- or whether it is the lonely opinion of the brave individual.  Truth is the relation between an opinion and the world outside the mind.    Simply being popular does not make a belief untrue; simply being arrived at by the earnest cogitations of the brave individual in solitude is no guarantee it is not false.  
This also appears to be an argument for humanitarianism. That those who turn a blind eye because they are benefiting from those who suffer under them are weak and he states he will protest to show them the suffering of others it seems. Perhaps I am interpreting it wrong
It's a good read I'm on the second to last lemma. I have a question regarding this one:

> [Individuals] are not so corrupt that they actually wish to do evil, but they are blinded, and don’t really know what they are doing. It is all a matter of baiting them for decisive action… A crowd triumphs if one cedes the way, steps aside, so that it never comes to realize what it is doing. A crowd has no essential viewpoint; therefore if it happens to kill a man it is eo ipso halted; it pays heed and comes to its senses.

~~*Individuals* doesn't read correctly. Does anyone think they meant *Crowd*? Did I not comprehend correctly what was said?~~

**Edit 2**: I understand now, they meant individuals as in the individuals that make up a crowd and not thee individual as in the Individual vs Crowd. 

**Edit**: Just want to add that I understood ~~the majority of what Kierkegard states, and if the above is cleared I would have understood~~ everything. I'm pleased with myself :)
Danmark represent!
Similarly on crowds: Eric Hoffer, "The True Believer: Thoughts on the Nature of Mass Movements"
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_True_Believer
Im afraid you've misspelled his name. 
http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b07zyl4d

Incredibly interesting BBC radio documentary that looks at crowds, and the perception of them. I tend to agree with the view of the the documentary makers, that Kierkegaard's idea of the crowd, whilst it does make sense is somewhat simplistic. 
IMO it is wrong at the fundamental level - members of the crowd do have agency.
Kierkregard.. god damn, i remember reading him in freshman year of high school over the summer.. i was still super confused by the end of it lol but i actually liked 'on the crowd' it was relevant then, it is still relevant now
So basically, if we transfer this to the US elections, Trump has the truth since he's in the minority of the popular vote?
BUT SHE WON THE POPULAR VOTE
Event description:

> Does perception give me any reason to believe in an external world, or could I be a ‘brain in a vat’ that is fed information by a malicious (or benevolent) scientist? And if I were such a brain, could I ever say or think this? This is just one puzzle raised by the Harvard philosopher Hilary Putnam, who died last year. Though its origins are in Augustine and Descartes, Putnam revolutionised its implications for our understanding of knowledge, language, and the mind. We bring together a distinguished panel to discuss his life and work.

[Hilary Putnam](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hilary_Putnam) and [the obvious SEP page](http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/skepticism-content-externalism/)

[Julian Baggini](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Julian_Baggini) and [his website](http://www.microphilosophy.net/)
[removed]
Chomsky says that choices are unconscious, and that we know we have free will by phenomenological reflection. How are these two things compatible? 

Also what's the difference between intelligibility of the world and intelligibility of theoretical explanations of the world?
Is Dr. Chomsky aware of the use of his name in this illustration which morphs the free will discussion into an artificial intelligence demonstration?

The characteristics of voice.
Since almost none of the discussion responds to the content of the article, but instead riffs off of the title, and because of the very high proportion of bad comments, this thread has now been locked for further discussion.
This reminds me of an interesting case we had here in Norway a few years back (sex work is legal in Norway, but pimping and buying sex is illegal). 

One day a sex worker showed up at the tax Office with about 6000 dollars in cash, demanding her civil right to pay taxes. The tax office could find no legal means of accepting her money. In the end the case wound up in the supreme court, where it was deemed unlawful for the state to accept the money. Because of how the relevant law was phrased, doing this would make the norwegian government a pimp.

Thus, sex workers in Norway are denied both their duty and their right to pay taxes. 
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
While I agree with Singer on this, it must have been a slow day for him as this is a softball topic. I wonder if he has a quota for articles to maintain his position at Princeton?

Usually, he is positing arguments like (to paraphrase): eugenics will be a natural outcome of society with genetic engineering but only the rich will be able to afford it i.e. the rich will have perfect healthy babies and the poor will have genetically inferior children (that the rich would have modified or terminated in utero)

http://www.utilitarian.net/singer/
[removed]
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
[removed]
[removed]
I am not sure about the posting and commenting rules regarding this, but for a smaller group of you that understand spanish, you may find [this article] (http://ladiaria.com.uy/articulo/2016/10/a-mucha-honra/) and [this video] (https://www.facebook.com/dina.ferrari.7/videos/vb.1193698163/10211039249235847/?type=2&theater) interesting.  They refer to a self appointed Argentinean "feminist whore" who is a sex-worker that defends the rights of sex workers from a feminist standpoint that I found very enlightening, her approach is very practical (pointing out the lack of difference between the work of a maid, who works with the sweat of her back, and the work of a sex-worker, who works with "the sweat of our vaginas" (translated by me) for example) and it puts in more practical terms some of Singer´s arguments. I hope you find it interesting. 
Why does the article place such a negative connotation to "feminism?" Is it just me picking this up? It's just a different viewpoint when looking at certain situations.  Isn't  it "feminist- ic" of the author to be looking out for the safety of the sex workers?

The author is all over the place.  

I quote, "The original impetus for the legalization of the sex industry in New South Wales was an inquiry into police corruption that showed that the sex industry was a major source of police bribes. Legalization ended that in a single stroke."

So, it wasn't the motivation to ensure the safety of sex workers, but rather sex workers safety is the unintended consequence, a good one, from trying to solve police corruption instead? Did I read that Right? And the author goes in the end talking about ending prejudices? What am I missing?

"It’s not a crazy choice. Contrary to stereotypes of paid sex, work in a legal brothel is not especially dangerous or hazardous to one’s health. Some sex workers view their profession as involving greater skill and even a more human touch than alternative jobs open to them. They take pride in their ability to give not only physical pleasure, but also emotional support, to needy people who cannot get sex any other way."

He goes from talk about how it is "Not especially" dangerous, to talks of them taking care of these lonely patrons.

Well I do that too as a waitress.  By simply being kind, attentive, making eye contact, smiling, checking on them, and lastly, conversing with them, about their work, family, and random stories.  It's sharing anecdotes, jokes, and connecting.  Fortunately they are not drunk or drugged up.  The ones who are, I stay away from and keep it basic.  That's how I ensure my safety.

My point in here is that he has no proof for that claim that's "not especially" dangerous or hazardous.  Did i miss the source?? How do you even measure that.  And other point is the author makes it sound so nice that sex workers give also emotional support.  Of course it feels good to be kind to people! But trust me, they wouldn't be doing it if not for the money, same as when I'm waitressing.  He makes it sound, what's the word....so nice.  He's stating the obvious, nothing new, people want personal attention when lonely.  So what?  What about safety again, go back to that. 
Don't have any philosophy background, so don't really post here, but "sex work" is not a consensus term by any means. 

People who want to normalize use "sex work", people who don't, use "prostitution", and among those who use "prostitution" there are all kinds of attitudes regarding the actual practice. 

To just dismiss it as a pejorative term is lazy, to say the least. Semantics is actually pretty important here. 
Myths abound.  Perhaps no other topic sees arguments on all sides being conducted by mythologizing the facts to build stories which support their claims.  Add to this a level of hypocritical moralizing, and we get a volatile mix.

Professor Singer certainly engages in the mythologizing when he asks the following question: "Faced with the prospect of monotonous, repetitive work for eight hours a day on an assembly line or flipping hamburgers, they prefer the higher pay and shorter hours that the sex industry offers. Many may not make that choice, but should we make criminals of those who do?"

And here lies the mythologizing.  It's like the 17th and 18th century paintings of robust looking peasants happily at work in the field enjoying the beautiful day.  These paintings were propaganda for their wealthy owners.  (I can pat myself on the back for having happy, healthy peasants as servants...).  

So - here's one myth for those wanting decriminalization or  legalization of prostitution: *I meet this young woman - she's working as an intern for this company, as she supports herself through school.  She's really bright; has her act together; but let me know she's struggling to cover the costs of tuition.  She's also really hot.  I'll offer to pay her tuition, and in return I'll get to get into her pants.  She happily agrees - this allows her to quit her other evening job as a waitress and allows her to focus on her studies.*

How could that be illegal?  It's a win-win for the both of us?  Right?   I mean, assuming she gives full consent, she'll probably be happier, yes?  She'll have a lot more time to study.  She'll have less stress about her bills.  She'll pursue her career more freely - I've really helped her out here, right????  The value I've delivered to her is far greater than the momentary pleasure I've received.  As such, you should be giving me an award for my act of benevolence here.  For so very little back I've made this young woman's life so much better.

Sigh.

Shall we continue the myth?  Ok.  I not only helped her out; she was also very "in" to older guys.  She finds them (and therefore me) more mature.  She's not into rockstar looks - she's into old guy looks. She likes bedding a guy who is more than 25 years her senior.  And it actually turns her on to be doing it for money.

How dare we say she's done something illegal?  Her life was made immeasurably better!  We need more such cases, right?

Sigh - maybe  there are such women in the real world.  The truth is usually much different.  Women, generally, don't like or want to bed men who are older than their fathers.  when they do so for money it is almost always because they are pretty desperate for that money; and really don't have other means to get it.

I'm sure there are a few women out there that do it just to afford really expensive shoes, but such exceptions are nothing more than exceptions to the real facts.

In my hypothetical, I'm taking advantage of a woman's desperation - desperation so great, she's willing to obey the sexual whims of a guy who finds sexual satisfaction in treating women as nothing more than a chance to achieve sexual satisfaction through the controlling of that woman; through the power he has over that woman.  Painting myself as a savior to her is propaganda; it's a complete myth.  Singer characterizing it as *saving* her from hours on the assembly line is exactly the same.  This is not my idea of a savior.

Let's generalize.  Why is this almost always about men buying women?  Almost all the problems with the sex trade have the common element that they are problems for women.  I'm hoping someone here finds this a tad troubling?

I'm sure there are cases where there is a woman who is a happy prostitute; who prefers it to other professions.  Great.  Who cares? Let's deal with 99.999% of the other cases.  You know, I'm great at driving drunk - but we don't change the laws on drinking and driving because I'm the exception that proves the rule.  Finding a case where the young woman is happy being a prostitute -saved from the hours on the assembly line shouldn't ever have any influence on public policy here.

Let's deal with the abuse women face from the sex trade - from their clients to their pimps.

I say this all, without taking an actual stand on whether it should or shouldn't be legalized or decriminalized.  All I'm saying is that this argument from Professor Singer is a bad one.

Will decriminalizing or legalizing make things better for women?  Maybe.  Let's examine.  Professor Singer points out that the "demand" is there.  How will this effect supply?

Will pimps disappear?  Not a chance.  Prostitution remains a power game, mostly of men over women.  A pimp is there for the money.  As long as money is there there will be men trying to put women in situations where they have them under control.

Will women be more likely to come forward against their abusive pimps?  Maybe just a tiny bit.  But the fact is, women today don't get themselves in trouble if they do come forward in such situations.  When was the last time a prostitute was punished for coming forward against her pimp?  

It is again something of a myth that suddenly the game changes for women here by legalization or decriminalization.  The fact is, the winners in both would be pimps and the clients.  These are the players at most risk in committing criminal acts.  They are now being given a green light on their actions.

There is no doubt views on prostitution are changing.  The internet is having a major impact on the "profession" (it's not really a profession, but let's not get into that debate) in terms of making it easier to find both willing woman and interested client.

But the myth of the handsome well off man having passionate sex with the beautiful young woman in mutually respectful harmony is as much a myth as the hordes of well fed, happy, healthy peasants doing an honest day's labour in the field for their benevolent owners.

Reality sounds more like this: http://www.alternet.org/story/147549/the_strange_things_men_pay_prostitutes_to_do

Sigh.
[removed]
[removed]
The article uses "legalize" and "decriminalize" interchangeably. These terms are different.

Decriminalizing something means removing laws that make it illegal. Legalizing something means decriminalizing *plus* regulating it.

For instance, decriminalizing marijuana allows everyone to sell and purchase it (at least, everyone who can legally sell or buy  things for human consumption). Legalizing marijuana has in practice required dispensaries to be specially licensed and purchasers to be over the age of 18.

In the context of sex work, decriminalization would allow anyone who could legally have sex with another person to charge them for for it. That's it. Legalization could mean anything from a rubber-stamp licensing scheme, to weekly blood tests, to having to go through bureaucrats keen to make themselves feel powerful at your expense. It could place undue tax burdens on sex work specifically.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
> ... anyone who cares about the health and safety of sex workers – not to mention their rights – should support moves to make it a fully legal industry. 

What rights don't sex workers have that couldn't also be solved by them not being in that line of work?

Statements like this are becoming a real problem these days imo. We can't just legalize everything that makes living a criminal lifestyle hard ... it seems to backwards and is also a slippery slope.

As a game - replace "sex worker" in the above quote with something else that's illegal and see my point. 

For instance: "meth cooks"

Man... those poor guys really have it rough - instead of discouraging them from doing it - we should help them to do it safely....
*In our first episode after the most controversial Presidential Election in American History, we return to a discussion of the fundamental and irreconcilable differences that generate Liberal Philosophy and the creation of American Democracy. Intimately connected to the recognition of irreconcilable difference is an understanding of what Tolerance is, and what it is not. We conclude with a discussion of where we go from here by contextualizing our current political situation in the historical and theoretical account of Locke's notion of Revolution and Civil Society. Enjoy.*
i tought this was subredit simulator
I also think it's interesting to consider the right to life for the deleted "pattern" (to use the Star Trek term) of each transported person. Every time someone transports, they're essentially creating an entire, fully-formed person, complete with desires, memories, and so forth, and immediately killing them because they share a pattern with someone else.

Star Trek has toyed with this issue before, with the magnificent result of *two* distinct Rikers with slightly different sideburns. Due to the loose continuity of lore from episode to episode, however, we mostly just got a few minutes of philosophy and twice as many Riker make-outs. 
Greg Egan investigates all this sort of stuff and much more in his collection of short stories called Axiomatic. Are you still you if you take a drug that rewires your brain to change your deeply held beliefs?

Personally, I think that the whole "law of identity" is on shaky grounds, even before this. The concept of "object" which can be identical is not something inherent in the world, and you don't have to get as complicated as personal identity to create conundrums like this.  "X = X" is true in mathematics only to the extent that we declare it's true, and my X's here are obvious different from Avram's X's ... or are they?

Also, I found this to be an excellent treatment: http://existentialcomics.com/comic/1
The notion of self identity or “sameness” is fundamental to our understanding of the world. Or is it? This post explores how philosophy makes use of thought experiments to demonstrate how problematic our notion of self identity really is. 

I would be interested to continue this discussion with the addition of innate/personal rights. 

If a human splits into several copies, does each resultant human inherit the same rights? What if we take the brain-switching example and put that human brain in a canine body - do human rights evaporate for the "hybrid" creature?

It's mostly just navel-gazing (for now), but it speaks to the piecemeal nature of our perception of reality and the systems we create from it. In both cases, rules are made to be "good enough" with regard to the issues that we encounter most frequently. When we meet outlying cases, they're either ignored completely; desperately (and generally inaccurately) shoved into the old system; or redefining of the world and how we see it.
The books Ilium and Olympus by Dan Simmons dealt with the transporter issue in an interesting light, a process they called "faxing", a common teletransportation process whos operational principke was lost to time. The humans come to find out that basically it takes WAY too much energy to actually transport matter, but not much to transport data. So every time they were "faxing", they were being destroyed on the side they were leaving and their molecular components were going into a common use pool at that transporter, and they were being rebuilt at the other end from the end point transporters common material pool. So that these people were copies of copies of copies, who's original had essentially died decades ago the first time they faxed. So at that point, are you still real? Are you still you? What defines self? It's a really good study of the definition of self. Ithe and Star Treks transportation brings up other interesting ideas, like save states. No one would ever have to die or suffer injury, just transport them and replace the damaged sections with data from the save state. You could change your physical form however you liked. Or as discussed already, you could make multiple copies of yourself. It starts getting super sticky from a moral and philosophical angle.
Why was there no discussion about the conscious vs the subconscious mind?  It seems intuitive to me that we are our conscious minds and not our subconscious minds (which is more like the body than the mind).  If we made a new person by replicating all the cells, it's possible that the new person would not have a conscious mind but only a subconscious one (a P zombie).  Of course, intuition can be wrong but it's a good starting point.

For those who have abandoned dualism as a possibility, how do we explain the fact that part of the mind is conscious and part is subconscious?  It seems unnecessary to have a conscious mind at all.
If two of you exist for a period of time, like in the Mars example, before one is evaporated, then surely a death occurs in this example?
To add to Parfit's identity predicaments what if identity is attached to consciousness and a timeline. When you split your brain in two and place each half in a separate body would the result not create two new consciousness' two new you's each one believing they are you with every inch of their being. Relatively to them they are them and nothing has changed but a new body, but to the original body would his timeline not end, his consciousness cease to exist. Thusly when implanting each halve into a different body would that create two new timelines for yourself, the thought being that because your both exist mutually exclusively at the same time your experiences from then on cannot be identical. 

Same as with the transponder predicament. When he presses the green button and his old body becomes dissontegrated along with that goes that specific timeline and that specific consciousness. When appearing on Mars relative to himself he would be the same but as a consciousness/timeline perspective he is not the same. 
I don't know how I found my way to /r/philosophy, but I thought you might find it interesting that humans actually do have the same life cycles as amoebae.  I studied amoebae in graduate school and heterolobosean amoeboflagellates have a 3 stage life cycle, amoebic, flagellate, and cyst (or spore).  Humans have the same cell types, amoebic would be like your white blood cells, they essentially function the same way.  Sperm are flagellates, and cysts are eggs.  

I did try to read through the article but it took too much brain power to actually read it so I didn't, but I thought this fact might interest you guys.  
The Wease divides how he wants brosef.
I thought this said people who drive like an amoeba at first glance.
The video game "Swapper" is something like a meditation on this problem, and a good puzzler.
The biggest idea I take away from this I feel the writer completely fails to mention: that is our identity is more dependent on what we believe NOT to exist than what we believe to exist. 

This ties into the ideas on "sameness" at the beginning. I know I am me because there is no other person exactly like me. Even if they have the same name and mannerisms or somehow looked the same they don't have the same memories (what we consider the evidence of the continuity of our experiences) if they proved that they DID, it would call into question my perceived  existence as an individual, as I would no longer have exclusive access to evidence of my own continuity.

Similar to the transponder consider a hypothetical situation where you are a super computer programmer with a super advanced VR simulator. For whatever motivation (narcissistic bastard) you decide to simulate your brain in computer code, load yourself into the simulation and have a conversation with an exact replica of yourself. 

The issue is every time you try to do this the simulation never answers your questions seriously, considering itself to be the "real" you and YOU to be the simulation. 

Of course, they are wrong. But eventually you would have to log out just to be sure wouldn't you? Inside the simulation, with no physical existential landmarks (aka, your body) and under forfeit of the exclusivity to your mental existential landmarks (your memories and experiences) there is NO WAY for you to be sure that you are the original. If you can copy your memories once you can copy them a million times, and there will be a million copies believing they are the original. We validate our existence by the contrast between ourselves and the people around us, and the exclusivity of our memories and circumstances assure us we are ourselves and not someone else.


This is also why when we look at people all dressed in uniform or performing tasks in robotic unison we feel a component of their personality is missing. The more similar they are and less they contrast to the person next to them the less we perceive them as having individual identity at all.
If one suffered a brain trauma which destroyed half of one's brain, I think it is reasonable to believe that the person who was conscious before the brain trauma is still the same conscious person after the trauma. It doesn't seem necessary to say the person ceased to exist and then a new person started existing.

So when implanting each half into a different body, I think it is reasonable to say they are the same conscious person, and it is just difficult for us to imagine what sort of experience that would be. For instance, a chameleon has eyes which move independently of one another. One eye looks over at this thing, and at the same time this other eye looks at this thing. Such an experience is probably cognitively impenetrable to us, but it happens and seems to work well for the chameleon.

If the brain is the maker of one's consciousness, and if it is possible for half of a brain to make one's consciousness, then when a brain is divided into two halves, one is conscious in both half-brains. It's probably not possible to know what exactly that conscious experience would be like though.
Who I am is my case.
Who I am is my files.
Who I am is my processor.
Who I am is my software.
Interesting stuff. Stay tuned for more tales of interest. I'd want to be telepathically linked to any copies of me. Like a hive mind sort of scenario. I'd have different mes for different jobs. That would be rad. Imagine the visual data you'd have to deal with having more than one set of eyes linked to one mind. You could stand back to back with a few of your yous and have 360 vision. I for one am looking forward to a Kurzweilian future where I can access artificial electronic neural networks with my biological closed loop neural network directly, first via brain-machine Interfaces then later by direct consciousness re-rendering into an highly efficient integrated network space with artificial intelligence assistance. I read too much scifi
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
I'm all for labels, but please don't put disgusting pictures on my food. If my drinking water is filtered sewage water, than that's cool - but I don't want pictures of it on the bottle. Labels, again, are great, they allow you to look up the method of processing, and learn about its advantages and disadvantages But if somebody is able to surpress their empathy/disgust on a conscious level, that should be accepted.
[removed]
While it does seem true that people should know about the un/ethical treatment of animals during their lives as livestock in a liberal system, I think there are far less intrusive ways of doing so, such as a sign, perhaps, next to the "chicken section" or what have you. "Warning" labels on a food item that is not a health concern directly would seem too much like the labellers of the product are pushing some ethical agenda. Ethical concerns are far from the same as a health concern, and using the example of cigarette warning labels seems disanalogous here because of the divide between human ethics and animal ethics. Each time someone buys some meat or other animal product would face an ethical dilemma, and this seems to be a rather unpleasant way of educating. Ethical warning labels on food, then, seem too strong to be used practically. 
The idea is thought provoking to be sure but too many things could and would go wrong with execution of the idea. Realistically, people would be quick to protest or veto it.
Not every calf is taken from its mother and slaughtered. Just like not all drinking water was nasty at one point. You could easily promote your ethical reasons to farmers, and as an ad campaign for ethical farmers, add that to the labels. I grew up farming, and know hundreds more. The farmers I know raise thousands of cattle, and almost all are named, and babied. 

While I know there are some bad apples in every group, generalizing farming methods is really dumb.

How do you feel about mandatory ultrasounds before abortions, or presenting women who want abortions with mandatory "facts"? All your doing is "providing the women with more information". 

Information is largely freely available in the modern era. It is largely safe to assume anyone interested in a particular subject or product can simply Google it. Attempts at mandatory information are simply appeals to emotions, or barriers to the product being available at all, and rarely provide information that isn't already publicly available. 

Just as with abortion, putting mandatory non-sense in the way doesn't lead to more informed behavior or safer behavior, it simply leads to less of that behavior, without regard to the actor's ability to decide on their own.  
This is the first time I have seen something on the front page with no comments. I wish the sound was a bit better. The title is intriguing.
Thinking like this makes me anxious (if not outright suicidal). I only had time to skim the piece, but it reflects something I've been trying to articulate for a few years. I'm starting to think we are fundamentally incapable of justifying our beliefs in a satisfying way. The more confident I become in a belief, the larger this specter of biased thinking looms.
Towards the end of the Descriptive section, I think they are on the money. When we agree with a hypothesis, we don't go around looking for alternatives, but when we disagree with a hypothesis we do go around looking for alternative explanations. 

In the normative section, he mentions Science, but mentions the wrong aspect of Science. To quote Ronald Fisher - (Coining phrase "null hypothesis") In relation to any experiment we may speak of this hypothesis as the “null hypothesis,” and it should be noted that the null hypothesis is never proved or established, but is possibly disproved, in the course of experimentation. Every experiment may be said to exist only in order to give the facts a chance of disproving the null hypothesis. The Design of Experiments, Edinburgh: Oliver and Boyd, 1935, p. 18. 

The only purpose of evidence is to disprove hypotheses. Therefore, of course we spend tons of time on disconfirmatory evidence. If it is weak, we ignore it. If it hold up, we change our opinion. Evidence which supports our position is useless, hence we ignore it. The only purpose of evidence which supports our positions, is to disprove the "incorrect" theories of others. 

Presenting arguments in favor of one's own argument is inherently fallacious. The only thing you can do is disprove other people's theories, and hope that they can disprove yours (and replace it with something that stands tall, until it too is knocked down). 

All models are wrong-some are useful - George Box

I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
The best life is the contemplative life. By seeking understanding one can obtain the most happiness from their life. Learning and growing as a person at all times is the best way to gain the greatest happiness
A very interesting parallel that can be observed in most philosophies and religions is what can be termed as the "middle path".

Buddhism is based on following the middle path and describes it as the path of wisdom. 
Aristotle says that these virtues are characteristics that occupy middle ground between excess and deficiency. 

I've been noticing this more often when I read and I felt this was interesting.!

Edit: Grammar.
**TL;DW:**
In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Chris Surprenant](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/chris-surprenant) (University of New Orleans) discusses the account of human well-being and the good life presented by Aristotle in the Nicomachean Ethics and Politics. He explains why Aristotle believes that a human being lives well when he acts rightly and possesses all virtues, both intellectual and those relating to good character.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi
Thank you.  You have sincerely helped me by posting this at a time in my life when I am having to make decisions that will shape my entire future.  Thank you!
Most, if not all, the people I know who only focus on bodily pleasure, money, and praise (via social media) are pretty miserable.
This really resonated with me, and how I try and live. Thanks for posting.
I like the idea that our legislators, if they are good ones, have gone from bad to good or at least can really understand that. This way, they can help others do the same. It is not so beneficial if they have always been virtuous. It is really bad if they are vicious or closer to that side and not ever known virtuousness.

Unfortunately, I believe that a vast majority of our politicians are described by the latter two and not the first.
This past few months have made me increasing interested in philosophy and this video this video was perfectly timed for my life.
Honestly, I have no drive to "succeed" and get a career. Though, it is simply the system we have conjured. we must play the game as wage slaves to afford our car payments, electricity bills, etc. And somehow our willingness to surrender loyalty to these agreements is respected among our culture, unspokingly respected, and finally we are thus deemed, succesful. 
Then comes a mate, it distracts you from the machine. You might fall in love, a powerful emotion, of bittersweet gamble. 
And its all nature. The chemicals in your brain making time, existence, and your self assurance all seem like the world is ok.

Idk where im going with this, ill just conclude
Life is odd.
Aristotle starts with a premiss that I call into question.  There is an underlying assumption that there is absolute right, good, virtuous behavior.

At best, we assign right and wrong to thoughts and behaviors based on the communal conversation of morality.  And, we tend to believe that our communal morality is the One True Morality.

It is difficult to imprint the concept of an amoral universe onto Aristotle.  And while his philosophical works are quite sophisticated and structurally sound based on his premiss, without universal morality, his arguments are difficult to sustain.

However, one can imprint "workability" onto Aristotle.  What is and is not workable to maintain a given culture can be mapped onto what he calls vicious and virtuous.  Then there is a path to altering the communal conversation of right and wrong.  

I would not like to live in a society driven by Aristotle's position.  In the US, this is exactly what we get when the religious right gains political control.  GW Bush once said that the job of the Federal Government is to be the moral compass of the country.  Aristotle would have approved.  For me, that kind of talk terrifies me. 
So where would one start in pursuing intellectual virtues? Is it like a jack of all trades sort of thing, just learn a little of a lot of things?
What area of philosophy would this "good life" discussion be considered?
Is this true
[removed]
Good one! I'll follow this channel! Thank you for sharing mate!
I loved this.  Thank you for posting.  This was very enlightening for me. 
This is a cool video, but the hand and the hand drawing got old fast. 
What people need to know about Aristotle is that he believed heavily in practical knowledge, and using that practical knowledge to develop the virtues. The act of developing those virtues will bring you happiness in both pleasure and knowledge. 
Outstanding!
Why does its being in common with animals disqualify the pursuit of bodily pleasures as being the highest good? It seems like a founding premise is human chauvanism.
I've heard that the only true path to a happy life is by performing acts of kindness for others.
How does pain come into this argument?

Contemplating it, learning about it, and treating it is the virtuous path in my opinion. But what if all this doesn't make it go away? Life is not well at this point either. 
Aristotle is lucky Socrates wasn't around to problematize all of the countless things he just asserted.  
This is a really interesting video. Hope to see more of these soon 
May I please have a TL;DR
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
"Trump’s unique candidacy presents another reason to work for him, Singer said. Since so many of his positions are poorly defined, anyone who ends up in the administration could have more influence on Trump’s policy than you might expect."

This is a fair point.

Peter singer states that one must be prepared to leave if they feel that they cannot make a positive change after at least trying to work with the administration. I think this point must be emphasized.

Seems obvious, he's not some tyrant rigging elections with a track record of human rights abuses. He actually seems to listen to people he talks to that treat him with some respect. Definitely moral to work with the administration and offer your input.
But when is it the right time to quit? 
**ABSTRACT**:

> Philosophy of mind and cognitive science (e.g., Clark and Chalmers 1998; Clark 2010; Palermos 2014) have recently become increasingly receptive to the hypothesis of extended cognition, according to which external artifacts such as our laptops and smartphones can—under appropriate circumstances—feature as material realisers of a person’s cognitive processes. We argue that, to the extent that the hypothesis of extended cognition is correct, our legal and ethical theorising and practice must be updated, by broadening our conception of personal assault so as to include intentional harm towards gadgets that have been appropriately integrated. We next situate the theoretical case for extended personal assault within the context of some recent ethical and legal cases and close with some critical discussion.

**SPEAKER**:

[J. Adam Carter](http://www.jadamcarter.com/), Lecturer in Philosophy, University of Glasgow

**PAPER**:


The paper is now published (jointly with [S. Orestis Palermos](http://www.sorestispalermos.info/)) and a pre-print is freely available [here](http://www.extended-knowledge.ppls.ed.ac.uk/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/The-Ethics-of-Extended-Cognition-FinalandUnblinded.pdf).
Title edit: compromised? 
So in a case where a parent destroys/takes away their child's gadget, could you charge a parent with assault?
[removed]
/u/heybertrussell asks:

> I'm an undergrad philosophy major, and I've recently begun studying comparative philosophy. I've been looking further outside of the Western canon of philosophy and have begun studying Asian philosophies (Chinese and Indian, so far), and am looking forward to delving into other traditions. What are your thoughts about studying what is often considered religion (ex. Buddhism) or folklore (ex. African) as philosophy?

I believe that studying eastern religions can be philosophically valuable. One of my favorite philosophers, Schopenhauer, studied Buddhism and Hinduism and found many parallels there with his own philosophy. I don't know much about African folklore or many others forms of folklore, but it wouldn't surprise me if there are philosophically valuable insights to be found there. An increasing number of philosophers in the West are exploring these other traditions. There are quite a few articles on non-Western philosophy at the [Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy](http://plato.stanford.edu/), so that would be a good place to look, if you haven't already done so.
/u/ReadThisLikeBatman asks (and yes, I'm reading this like Batman):

> I recently read "Finitism and the Beginning of the Universe", and I was wondering if you wanted to take a position on PWT versus PPT.

Thanks, I'm glad to hear that you read it! If we're taking time to be continuous, as most people do, then I favor the priority of the whole (PWT) over the priority of the parts (PPT). I think that's the best way to handle Zeno's paradoxes, which I don't think are solved by anything from modern mathematics.

> You didn't tackle the issue of whether space-time is discrete or not, and I was wondering what your thoughts might be on that. What jumps to my mind is that, if spacetime is some sort of grid, this forces a preferred direction (anisotropy) which should in principle be measureable. I believe experiments have been done to this effect (observing gamma ray bursts from different directions) and found nothing, and so I'm inclined to say that space is continuous. Do you think this is a defensible argument?

You're right, I didn't. That's partly because it's a really difficult issue. The idea that spacetime (and/or motion) might be discrete is a bit weird to say the least, but it's not incoherent. In fact, Leibniz, one of the greatest philosophers and no slouch in the areas of mathematics and physics, thought that extension, duration, and (actual) motion were discrete. So I'm skeptical of the view, but I'm not sure I could give a conclusive argument against discrete space-time, and it may be there are good reasons for favoring it. [Jean Paul Van Bendegem](http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/geometry-finitism/) is one recent defender of discrete space and time.

The argument you sketch is interesting and there may well be something to it, but it's hard to say without hearing more about the details and about these experiments, which I don't know about.
First up, /u/sensible_knave asks: 

> Do you believe non-human animals can be morally wronged? If yes, how so? (And relatedly, is the view you describe in your "Schopenhauer on the Rights of Animals" pretty much your own view on the matter?)

Great question. Yes, I do believe non-human animals can be (morally) wronged. The account of wrong I attribute to Schopenhauer in the paper strikes me as pretty plausible. On that view, wronging has to do with thwarting the will of another out of malice or an excessive egoism; and I think (at least most) animals have wills that can be thwarted out of malice or excessive egoism (namely, by us). So I think that (at least most) animals can be wronged. Example: If I cause some animal considerable pain because I take pleasure in seeing it suffer (malice), then I am morally wronging that animal.

Speaking more generally, yes, I would say my views in the area of animal ethics are very close to those I attribute to Schopenhauer in my paper.

> Do you believe that industrial animal agricultural practices are morally wrong? If so, do you also take it to be morally wrong to buy their products?

If suitable (nutritionally sufficient) alternatives are available, then yes, I do believe those practices are wrong, and that it's morally wrong to support them by buying their products.

Great questions--thanks!!
As a historian, what do you make of how Schopenhauer is treated in anglophone departments, as compared, say, to its treatment of Hegel and Nietzsche? What has made us pay more attention to the latter?  
/u/SYNDICATTE asks several questions:

> 1) Do you think Leibnizes idea that this is the best of all possible worlds "holds water"/has any truth to it? (I know Voltaire's responds with his book Candide and calls out his idea as foolish)

Well, I think it may well be that this is the best of all possible worlds, because I think it may well be that this is the **only** possible world. In other words, maybe Spinoza was right after all that this world and everything that happens within it is necessary. On the other hand, if there are many possible worlds, as Leibniz and most others think, then it seems unlikely to me that this is the best possible world, though I don't see how that could be refuted. Incidentally, Schopenhauer thought that Leibniz had it exactly backwards: this is the worst of all possible worlds.

> Besides the fact that the world isn't perfect. (At least it seems that way to most people) Is there any other reason to reject Leibniz's theodicy? (Assuming that you do reject it)

Leibniz's theodicy consists of many different components. Some of them are sensible, others not so much. I do think there are good reasons to doubt many parts of his theodicy. I can't go into them in any detail here, but I did call attention to what I think is a new problem for him in a recent paper called [Evil as Privation and Leibniz's Rejection of Empty Space](http://philpapers.org/rec/PUREAP-2). The gist of that paper is that Leibniz can't consistently reject empty space in some of the ways he does while also maintaining that a perfect God would allow evil.

> 2) I saw an intersest of yours is ethics and I have been considering why an atheist should (have an obligation) or desire to (except to use ethical conduct to be well liked and help yourself) act ethically. This is probably a big question to tackle, but why do you think atheists should act ethically?

I think this would be controversial among philosophers, but I think that when we are talking about what people *should* do, we're talking about prudence, not morality. I do not believe there is any such thing as a *moral ought* or *moral should*. So there are many reasons why an atheist *should* be moral; for instance, she might want to respected by her loved ones. But none of these reasons are moral reasons.

> 3) I am a philosophy student, (was major - now a minor cause my new college doesn't have the major) and am very interested in attending graduate school and maybe even going on to get a PHD. Do you have any advice for me as I pursue this goal? (Besides the advice of not going since the chances of getting a job are slim... haha)

If you are passionate about philosophy and aren't being tempted by an alternative career path, then go for it. You can always do something else later if it doesn't work out; that happens all the time. Note that your chances of a career as an academic philosopher are much greater if you are coming out of a top-20 Ph.D. program. Check [The Philosophical Gourmet](http://www.philosophicalgourmet.com/) for some rankings of faculty reputation.

Thanks for your questions, and good luck!
/u/ADefiniteDescription asks:

> I wanted to ask about your research, but in a very broad sense. You seem to have a very wide range of research interests, from history to metaphysics to ethics. Does anything unify these interests for you, or do you just work on a variety of different topics you find interesting?

Thanks! I do have a wide (and ever widening) range of interests. So far I don't think anything interesting unifies these interests, except that they are mine (which is of course *very* interesting). For the most part I'm just working on the things that interest me. But one day I hope that they will begin to connect with one another in various ways, so that they form something of a system or systematic collection of interests.

> It's common (at least in my experience, and talking to other grad students and junior philosophers) to get advice to try to build a systematic research program in one or two areas, and try to become a specialist in that thing. But many people, including myself, find ourselves torn because there's lots of interesting topics to work and publish on which aren't necessarily thematically or philosophically unified in any substantive sense.

When you're first coming out and trying to get established, it helps to focus on one or a small number of things, so you can be as good at them as possible. Some departments--I have in mind the more upper echelon ones--may also expect their people to specialize. But I think it's perfectly fine to just work on a bunch of different topics that one happens to find interesting. Doing so will help to connect topics to one another in ways that are helpful. We need people who are thinking about lots of different topics to see these connections. For instance, one paper I'm working on brings the free will literature into conversation with the political obligation literature, where currently there is a gaping disconnect.

> I was just curious if you could speak from your experience as to why you have chosen the route you did. Thanks!
This AMA is being permanently archived by *The Winnower*, a publishing platform that offers traditional scholarly publishing tools to traditional *and* non-traditional scholarly outputs—because scholarly communication doesn’t just happen in journals.

To cite this AMA please use: [https://doi.org/10.15200/winn.147914.45869](https://www.thewinnower.com/papers/5682-i-m-stephen-puryear-nc-state-and-i-m-here-to-answer-your-questions-about-philosophy-and-whatever-else-ama)

You can learn more and start contributing at [*thewinnower.com*](https://thewinnower.com)

It seems we have an overlapping interest in issues in moral law and what participating in a political society is like. On that topic, I'd like to ask you a question about the extent to which individuals in a political society need to know about that society in order to be able to participate fruitfully in it.

Our paradigms of action are where people do something with a particular end in mind and some conception of how that action is a means to the specified end. But very often when we engage in large social structures this isn't the case. It's dubious in the extreme that most people engaging with the government meet anything like this standard of having an effective chain of means-end reasoning in mind when they do so, involving all the steps between their political action (voting, say) and their desired outcome (better work prospects, say). And by our paradigm, if they don't know which of the means-end chains would be effective to improving their work prospects, they don't know which vote to cast. And clearly the vast majority of people don't have this kind of knowledge: it's possible, given how large and complex the forces in action are, that nobody has epistemic access to a complete such means-end reasoning chain.

Here's a simple example: I make use of the mail system, including sending things overseas, and I know what I need to do to effect that: put the letter in the right envelope, put the right address on it, the right stamps, and put it in the right box. But I don't actually know much at all about how the letter gets there! I know what it looks like at the two ends of the process, with the mail service picking up the letter from the box, taking it to be sorted, etc., and at the destination it coming to the right post office and being delivered to the address. But I don't know about the steps in the middle--I don't know how international mail freight gets organised, I don't know how the handover between different postal services work, etc. I certainly know nothing like enough to be able to tell whether my posting the letter will be effective. But I do it, and it is effective!

So, it seems that if the process is complex enough our paradigm breaks down, and in social cases we can have strings of people who don't really know what the other people in the process are doing. What does this mean for the possibility of political consent? Heck, given that the predominant views of social action depend on a particular kind of intention to engage in a process together (e.g. Gilbert's holist and Bratman's individualist theories), what does this mean for the possibility of social action *tout court*? I have no idea who handles the mail between my posting the letter and it arriving at its destination, not any real idea of what they are doing. But the mail gets there, and clearly we engage in social actions. How do you think our theories should react to these large lacunae in what we know about the processes (especially social processes) in which we are ineliminably participating in?
/u/ReasonRising says:

> I'm a self-taught philosopher looking for literature related to a political theory I'm working in. The theory begins with a thought experiment that proves the mere existence of humanity implies the existence of five and only five contexts of action from the point of view of a given society: private action, public action, political action, foreign action and future action. This, in turn, implies five and only five contexts of concepts related to human action: goals, intention, the use of resource, ownership of resources, justice, injustice, methods for society to impose justice, freedom from injustice, price, the negotiation of price, and the benefits of the free negotiation of price over time. These are all the required elements to extend Adam Smith's Invisible Hand to all contexts of human action. It is also all that is needed to extend Hayek's argument that there is no substitute for the free negotiation of price to all human action.

And then asks:

> Are you aware of any literature in political philosophy / ethics that approaches the subject in this way?

No. (But that doesn't mean much, because the literature on political philosophy is enormous and I am a newcomer to that subdiscipline. A good place to start would be with the philosophical literature on Smith. See the [SEP article on Smith's moral and political philosophy](http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/smith-moral-political/) for a helpful bibliography.)
/u/LeeHyori asks:

> Many philosophers (and students) are perplexed by Kant's moral philosophy. Many philosophers who don't work on Kant and many students who read the Groundwork come away thinking that the categorical imperative is something like rule-utilitarianism or the Golden Rule.

Thanks for your questions. The CI is like RU and the GR in some ways, but differs from them in important ways too. CI and RU both posit moral rules, but one sees those rules as defined by what would yield the best outcome, whereas the other sees those rules as defined by what is rational (i.e., what can be universally willed without contradiction). The CI, as Kant understands it, is much broader than the GR; it may indeed command one to do unto others as you would have them do unto you, but it also commands you to do thinks like develop your talents and not commit suicide, things which the GR doesn't seem to address, since they are not about others.

> Do you have any preferred interpretation of Kant's categorical imperative (for example, the universalization formula)? What are some of its advantages and insights?

No, I do not have any special interpretation of the CI.
It seems to be a Common joke that a degree in philosophy is useless and a waste of time. What do you have to say about this to a Young Guy who is very interested in pursueing such a direction ? 
I am a 2002 graduate of NC State, and took a number of English and other humanities in Winston-Caldwell, is that were your offices are?  How are things on that side of campus.
/u/Jarhyn asks:

> What are your thoughts on meme theory, and the influence of different forms of evolution (particularly neo-lamarckian or 'memetic' evolution) within the realm of ethics, and how the this is re-defining the relationship between ethics and game theory?

Alas, I know almost nothing about that. But it sounds interesting.
Hi Dr. Puryear, thanks for taking time out to do this! I'm actually just down the road from you in Durham working on my (non-philosophy) masters.

I was wondering if you had any thoughts on effective altruism? I don't have a philosophy background at all, but EA really struck a chord with me. After reading Dr. Singer's The Most Good You Can Do, I now plan on donating at least 10% of my salary (after graduating and becoming employed) to demonstrably effective charities. I understand there are some philosophical criticisms of EA and Dr. Singer, but I was wondering what you thought?

Thanks again!
What do you make of Aristotle's teleology? Is the universe governed by an underlying principle or purpose which we can discover? What else follows if so?
What first sparked your interest in philosophy, or what contributed to you deciding to make a career in the field?
I'm working on a project regarding the parallels between Schopenhauer and the ideas in Walt Whitman's poetry, with a focus on Whitman's 1st edition of *Song of Myself*. To what extent have those parallels been studied?
Where's your favorite pancake place?
/u/balrogath asks:

> Which ship is Theseus'?

Hmm. If the original parts are reassembled, then I would say that the reassembled ship is Theseus'. After all, they are very boards he stood on. Then again, that would imply that Theseus' ship began to exist a second time, whereas Locke says that a thing can only begin to exist once. So I'm not so sure about that. Perhaps this is all just conventional and there is no objective fact of the matter about which ship is Theseus'.

> What are your thoughts on the Chinese Room?

I find it persuasive. The mere fact that a system can provide intelligent answers to questions does not show that it has understanding (or even consciousness).
Which type of Leibniz-Keks cookies are the best?  As a metaphysician and an ethicist, are they the objectively best kind of cookie?  Do we have any surviving reference to them in Leibniz's writings?

How does Leibniz's treatment of the PSR avoid necessitarianism?

Are ideas of colour, etc reducible to the alphabet of simple concepts (e.g. repetition) in Leibniz?
/u/Ehh_Embb asks:

> Do you believe that the human mind is capable of manifesting its thoughts and desires into reality? For instance, if you think hard enough on something you can essentially will it into existence.

Not directly, no.
/u/hairlossskingain asks:

> Could you shortly explain nomadic interaction? Do you see a connection between Leibniz, Pythagoras and Spinoza? Do they share a similar notion of monad?

I'm guessing you mean *monadic* interaction. I actually know very little about nomadic interaction, though I suppose it's probably rare.

In a nutshell, monadic interaction refers to Leibniz's attempt to accommodate our ordinary believe that substances causally interact, by saying that each substances in a way indirectly causes states in other substances by giving God reasons to create those states. This isn't causation in the strict sense, which Leibniz thinks must be direct and immediate, but loosely speaking he's willing to recognize it as a kind of causation.

There are of course many connections between any two philosophers, but Leibniz and Spinoza differ on many things two. Leibniz was himself sharply critical of many of Spinoza's central doctrines. It's harder to say with Pythagoras, since we don't know as much about what he thought. The closest thing to a monad in Spinoza would be the one substance, but it's very different from the monads Leibniz affirms.
/u/Clemen11 asks:

> If we build an artificial intelligence that is capable of simulating human consciousness and behaviours, can it be considered a human? Or alive for that matter?

If it merely *simulates* behaviors, including what we think of as conscious behaviors, such as talking and crying, then I don't think that makes it human or conscious or even alive.
/u/Auslsx asks:

> With the limitation of language, and facts and science ect ect how were some of the earliest philosophies so accurate to today.
[http://quotes.stevenredhead.com/ancient/](http://quotes.stevenredhead.com/ancient/)
Some of these quotes, along with the dates are fascinating to me.

I can only say that these philosophers penetrated the nature of things--the same things whose nature we are still reflecting on and learning about today. Lucretius (*On the Nature of Things*) is my favorite example of an ancient philosopher who anticipated modern beliefs.


Hiya! I saw you recommend Schopey's Essays and Aphorisms elsewhere, what's would be the second work of his to wrestle with?
How do we know our reality isn't just an "extended dream"? How do we know it isn't all just in our minds? 
Did you consciously choose to focus your studies on the great optimist (Leibniz) and the great pessimist (Schopenhauer)? I thought it was just an interesting contrast. 

I read in a previous post of yours where you talked about where your interest in Leibniz came from. What interested you in Schopenhauer?

Cool AMA. Thanks for taking the time to do this.
Recently Newt Gingrich said that facts and figures are not as important as what voters feel to be true. I believe this speaks to what could be called a low "threshold for belief" among his unfortunate constituants. What would you say constitutes your threshold for belief, and do you think one of the goals of a philosopher should be to prostheletyze for what they view to be the appropriate threshold? 
How do you respond to emotivism which states that moral propositions do not express propositions, but moral attitudes? For example, if you were to assert murder to be morally wrong, are you really not just asserting your dislike for murder, and that is all?
Hey, would you help me with my homework
If you got a chance to ask 3 questions too Professor Richard Dawkins, Richard Swinburne and Dr James Carleton Paget. What would they be ?
- I have a school trip to go see them, and I have to ask some questions. Would you help? 
I have always been intrigued by philosophy since my first philosophy class in high school. Want to learn more, but don't know where to start.  What do you recommend?
Could you tell us a bit about your book on Leibniz's idealism? Is it primarily historical, or do you think it's a defensible metaphysical position? Would you consider yourself an idealist?
Thank you very much, Mr. Puryear, for doing this! :D

My question is a little bit more practical. I'd love to know how do you approach a paper that you want to do.

Currently I'm studying laws and recently I made a little paper for a Congress on Bioethics (I talked about the place that law has on the discussion of bioethics). What I realized doing this, my first work of this nature, is that it can be quite difficult to start investigating, and then to have an idea about the topic that feels like was actually thought by oneself. I also found out that I felt pretty satisfied while doing it, and I'd love to be able to do decent papers in the future, even as a hobby if my carreer path doesn't end in academia.

So I'd love to know how do you do it. What are some keys that you follow to make a decent paper?

Finally, because I just thought about it, I'd love to know if you believe that Jorge Luis Borges was a philosopher as well as a writer, even though he never wrote proper philosophy, but only stories and poetry.  Is it possible to do philosophy (good philosophy) being a writer of fictions (i.e. not doing any formal philosophy papers)?

EDIT: Added a couple of sentences to make it clearer, and spelling.
Hi Dr. Puryear, 

I actually took a class from you in undergrad. It was either Ethics or Early Modern, can't remember which (or maybe both, now that I think about it). I do remember that it was a great class. 

I remember you mentioning that you had transitioned from an engineering career into philosophy. So, from a career standpoint, where do you see the role of academic philosophy currently and in the near future? Are philosophy programs doing enough to prepare students for the "real world"? How much do philosophy professors hate hearing that question? Do you believe that there is still value in studying philosophy? 

(From my perspective I do believe there is value, but I'm interested to hear your take on it.) 
Hello Professor Puryear, I was enrolled at NCSU as an undergraduate, and your classes were some of my favorite electives. You are an engaging and entertaining teacher. I don't really have any questions, but I was thinking about asking for Schopenhauer's Essays and Aphorisms for Christmas, can you recommend it?
Dear Professor. I'd like to ask some questions about Schopenhauer. Is his philosophy still true? Some allege that his understanding of Kant was shallow, is that true? Does Nietzsche really refute his philosophy or does it still stand? And finally, is a naturalistic interpretation of his philosophy possible where Will is physical stuff? Thank you!
Do you believe that philosophical thought is gearing towards a certain trend in the future, or that philosophical schools will remain to be as diverse as they are today, perhaps even diversify even more among the scholars and general population?
Hi there! I'm just a passerby, but my question: do you think all men are created equal, and that we are a slate of infinite possibilities? Or something else?
What is your take on the compossibility relation in Leibniz's philosophy?  Which interpretation has impressed you the most? 
/u/KINGahRoo asks:

> Have you considered doing an interview with Stefan Molyneux? He runs the largest philosophical channel on YouTube.

I have not. Is he any relation to William Molyneux?
Hey, I'm actually visiting Raleigh next week for Thanksgiving break about relocating to the area.  I'm from Charlotte, but have lived in Bloomington, IN for the last decade.  I recently switched my major to philosophy and have been greatly enjoying it.  How is the philosophy program at NC State?

Anything you'd recommend doing in the Raleigh area while I'm there from Saturday-Wednesday?
In what domains of human life do you think philosophy has the most to contribute?   
What is a good example of modern philosophy? 

Is philosophy worthwhile in modern times?

How is philosophy be used in Corporate America?
Hi Stephen,

I'll be visiting my brother for a few days next week.  His wife is a UNC-CH grad.  Is it is ethical to spend my time with their 3 year old teaching him to make the Wolfpack hand gesture and howl?
What good reasons do we have to doubt reality?  What good reasons to we have that let us know that this is reality?
schopenhauer said something along the lines "I hate germans and I'm ashamed for being one of them"

would you say the same of your fellow countrymen?
Is protecting/caring for yourself (and therefore socially, others by extension of empathy and sympathy) an imperative of life? 
What is going on in NC that it keeps showing up in the news, from a philosophical standpoint?
Hey Dr.Puryear,

Great to see you on here, I had you for Philosophy a couple years ago. (I was the annoying econ nerd who sat close to your desk).

You described yourself as some sort of consequalitist in class, but I found it hard to press you on the matter. Do you actually think there is such thing as a util that can lead to *actionable* moral philosophy rather then a thought device?

If so,  how would you respond to Kaldor-Hicks efficiency?  

P.S. Your sliders were impeccably formatted. Also you made me respect the hell out of Hume, with the 'will the sun rise tomorrow'.


I know I'm late, but please answer me this:

Is it ethical to dispel someone's unfounded belief in something if the belief is central to their well-being?

Thank you so much!
What do you think of the lost pages of Spinoza's letter on negation that Hegel uses for his departure? The 'every determination is a negation' ...
Do you favor a hegelian or deleuzian Spinoza or any other kind?

The question here is what you think of the point where most rationalism breaks down, on the transition between infinite and finite, especially in its epistemological consequences. 
Perhaps this is a strange and ignorant question, but what is it that draws you to Leibniz? What is there that we can still learn from Leibniz?
Do you believe in God? Why or why not?

Thanks.  
I haven't gone through your AMA yet, but I'm interested in philosophy. I haven't formally studied much of it (only a few classes when I get time) though.

I'm interested in the ontology of time. What are your thoughts with regard to time? I'm specifically curious about your thoughts on the B theory of time, problems related to it, compared with the A theory of time. Basically McTaggart's work.

Personally, I don't see how the A theory (presentism) can match up with the discovery of relativity (simultaneous presents) without assuming all of our methods of testing relativity are incorrect in some way. I think this assumption is misguided - it's just clawing on to presentism.

But again, I'm not really all that well read on the topic. 
If the greatest truths in life are subjective truths then why does mankind so heavily prioritize the objective first?
Hey! Maybe too specific or something that you dont find interesting, but worth the try. I recently wrote my IB Extended Essay on Hume´s deontological defense of suicide in On Suicide, I found his arguments interesting and did some reading, especially Cioran whom I found totally mesmerizing. Do you have any thoughts on his approach or can you point me towards some further reading on the philosophical issue of suicide? Thanks!
In case you stumble upon this subreddit again: how as reddit (technology) affected philosophy? 
Good day.  So if our soul or consciousness is theoretically on another frequency of energy and we are "quantum in tangled"  with our brains,  the problem is that there isn't any use for material and that the theory of simulation is actually more possible... If we are on another frequency it would explain why have no idea of how consciousness works, and that our soul or consciousness is an inter dimensional anomaly.  So theoretically if you remember something in your past,  you are actually accessing that part of your past as if you were experiencing it in that moment,  as time would be irrelevant to an inter dimensional anomaly. 
But what is the problem with this... What does not fit in? 
Is it too late to ask about monads
I am looking for an absolute synthesis for the following two universally correct axioms. Can you help?

1: Power is [always] indeterminate
2: There is no causation; only correlation
Do you think the sciences of Chaos and Quantum Physics will eventually give us the opportunity to not need the concept of God anymore?
I'd appreciate your response to a question I've posted on /AskPhilosophy:

The word "right" is defined by https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/ as: *‘A moral or legal entitlement to have or do something’*

However, first, a legal entitlement is essentially a *privilege* that can be created, given, and taken away. Second, it is amoral, as what is legal may not necessarily be what is moral, and vice-versa. And third, it supersedes any moral entitlement due to being enforceable by law.

As such, doesn't the current definition of a "right" actually deny actual (and absolute moral) rights, replacing them instead with amoral legal privileges? By this I mean both in a practical sense, and in the minds of the masses (e.g. confusing and equating rights with privileges).
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
I would tend to say that a governments privileges ARE given through consent of the majority. The example that was given about being at dinner and having your majority of friends expect you to pay the whole bill I think is unfair. A better expectation would for you to pay a fraction of the bill in which case, I believe that you ARE morally obligated to do so. However, there still is no way to really opt out as was mentioned short of emigrating from the country. 
[removed]
This should be higher. It's semi-lengthy, but read it through. The metaphorical analysis of "inorganic" perception is fascinating. 
Dangit. Sorry, I only just now noticed that I mistyped '*Dennett*' in the title.
I know is fashionable to bash dead horse Freud, but Dennett's interpretation of psychoanalysis seems intentionally deceptive. 

He wants to propose a dream model that is radically different from the psychoanalytical one, but both models have more in common than he claims. If nothing else, it leaves the most relevant aspects of Freud's theory untouched. The "extravagant hypothesis of an internal dream playwright composing therapeutic dream-plays for the benefit of the ego" is an unfair strawman. Dreams don't have any therapeutic purpose and are not there for the benefit of the ego, according to psychoanalysis. 

In fact, Dennett's game is a nice metaphor of Freud's model. There's no need for the playwright to "have a theory of its own anxieties", just to ask questions motivated by subconscious drives. The party represents the censorship, which according to Dennett is random, but since random is just another word for unpredictable, it doesn't exclude the possibility that this censorship has some kind of criteria suited to be studied. In dream interpretation, saying "the dress was red" is as meaningful as saying "the dress wasn't red". They both arise from the same subconscious drive, or expectation, although they reveal something different about the censor.

The expectation-driven models of perception Dennett mentions only strengthen the adequacy of the psychoanalytical model. When we're asleep, the expectation side produces most of the content, just like in a sensory deprivation experiment, since there's about nothing to confirm against, other than the censorship. Dennett mentions a link between the content of the dream and the "emotional state of the hallucinator", which doesn't exclude, but in fact suggests the possibility of this content being produced by subconscious drives. 

He later claims that there's no author at all, which can only be interpreted as the contents being purely random and therefore having no link at all to the emotional state of the subject. But this claim comes out of nowhere, as the whole text, especially the game metaphor, points towards there being a very creative author, although not a conscious one.

>Our servers are currently undergoing maintenance. 
The content has been found it will be available again soon. 
Sorry for the inconvenience.
While I get the point he is trying to make, it is pretty easy to create a hallucination that encompasses all of perceived reality. Pumping LSD or PCP into the brain would do it. (You won't have any control over the hallucination, but it would feel real for as long as you kept pumping LSD into the system). Another route would simply be to deactivate the part of the brain which determines if something is wrong. Error detection is a task devoted to a specific part of the brain. Deactivate it, and the subject will never realize anything is amiss...ever. Nothing will ever seem strange, odd, or out of place. In this way, no matter how badly you simulate reality, the subject will never realize there is a problem and just sorta roll with it (like in a dream until you wake up). 
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
[removed]
Here's an excellent example of Ayn Rand's complete lack of  nuanced philosophical acumen at 07:10, where she highlights Aristotle as the defender of reason and Plato as "*the opposite*".   Rand might be a good starting place to get some people inspired about ideas--and I admit she was for me--but that's all she will ever be.
This critique of Ayn Rand a few years back is an excellent read through. I would like the OPs thought on it.

https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/hvm93/z/c1yrjfg
At about 24mins Ayn Rand said she doesn't wonder when she looks at the stars. She doesn't like to look at them. She's being intellectually dishonest or at least close minded there. She backed herself into a corner.
[removed]
I feel that from what I've read, which is most of the fountainhead (finishing it soon), is that she places a specific fascination on the gifted people, as well as the freedom of creativity; and that our universities are constricting student's thoughts and creativity into a funnel that adequately aligns with specific socioeconomic boundaries. The result is that we have a process of academics graduating with very little to offer in terms of ingenuity and creativity. I believe she thinks that nowadays we set our legislation and education to be adequate to sustain the lowest denominator in society, instead of developing legislation and education dedicated to raising the lowest denominator. 
So, first off, Turing wasn't testing for other minds. He was testing for intelligences. His test doesn't fail because dream characters can pass it, because they're obviously using your intelligence. I'll take with a grain of salt the opinions on this topic from someone who doesn't know what the Turing test tests.

Second, the whole point of qualia is that it's impossible to build a phenomenal bridge, so I'm not sure what this discussion is supposed to show.
Dont take this the wrong way, but why does evidence for the solution to a problem provide evidence for consciousness. B may just be a very smart computer, who used that data in your mind to construct the solution.
[deleted]
So... I can use magic things that don't exist to test for other magic things that don't exist? 

That's not really philosophy. That's mental masturbation, at best. 

What's his next article going to be about? How you can use a potion of dragon's blood and the ground bones of a spider to gain the ability to see unicorns? 
I think I might be missing something, but why is any of the mindmelding necessary? If being able to solve the puzzle indicates consciousness then can't A just administer the test to B in a straightforward fashion?
Why does everyone presume that they are conscious, or that there is such a thing as mind? 
What is a "phenomenal puzzle"?   That's where I stumbled.

> For example, a phenomenal puzzle is to arrange qualia values of phenomenal color in a linear map where the metric is based on subjective Just Noticeable Differences.

All beings, conscious or not, should be able to do this-- just noticeable difference is a function of perception.  But how does this say anything about consciousness?  

Turing test or any other test for conciousness fails as an empirical tool because we do not have an empirical definition of what conciousness is, and as was said before, Turing did not design his test for conciousness, nor did he consider the question "Can machines think?" productive with our current state of knowledge. Asking wether a machine is concious is like asking if submarines swim, it depends on what you call swimming. This is a problem of semantics rather than cognitive science.
Is it even possible to invent a puzzle that requires qualia to solve? That would be like a puzzle that requires the "greenness" of green, or the sensation of "sweetness" from something sweet. I cannot possible think of anything that would be required to operate this way. 

With a mind-meld wouldn't the bridge translate the qualia anyways? Maybe B's green looks red, and A's green looks green. When they meld together the bridge would only be able to transmit "green", not the perceived "greenness" of that green. Then when B views what A would perceive as green, B would still see it green rather than red.
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
This would more accurately be described as either "The lost art of Democratic debate in the USA of the 21st century", or "The lost art of debate that we think used to be common but actually wasn't".

Go watch any Democratic debate in Europe, especially the Nordic countries. They take the high road compared to us and it's a stark difference from the "us vs them" rhetoric we see here today in the US. By contrast, read surviving debates from classical Greece or the Roman Republic. Many are no more crass and vulgar than the election we just saw.

People romanticize history without bothering to sample it themselves for comparison. What we forget is that surviving classics and texts usually only survive because they are exceptionally eminent (transcending time and culture), not because they are typical.
So if you can have Harvard students & fancy TEDsters participate in a possibly civil, low-stakes discussion, moderated by a professor who controls the mic, it will work in all circumstances around the world.  Good luck with that.
Why is it so hard to say that consciousness is an emergent property of a sufficiently complex and flexible computational framework? It's equivalent to saying "consciousness is just what brains do", but far more useful.

It's the difference between saying " The universe began, and we're not quite sure how." and "God did it, no need to look any further." It makes no sense...
Anytime someone tries to express that something is actually nothing, I tune out. Takes me back to being 14 and very smart. 

Also in this context it just sounds like some atheist technocrat threw the towel in but claimed he won. 
> 1. Consciousness is something.
> 2. Claiming a computer to be conscious is saying that we know what consciousness is (because we cannot say something that we do not know).
>3. Therefore we cannot as of yet even make a claim that a computer will be conscious.

I don't think I can follow this. The argument is basically that we cannot ascribe a property to an object, if we don't know what the property is. But, it seems like the author presupposes the fact that humans/other life forms are conscious. Furthermore, we ascribe unknown traits (or perceptions) to objects all the time. Consider this quote from the author:

>Misunderstanding can come into the argument when a term is not used universally.

If my friend and I were looking at a book, and I said that the book was purple, and he agreed with me, it might seem like we've come to a consensus. But purple is an abstract symbol made to represent individual perception. Purple has roots in the physical properties of the book (it might tend to reflect light around 400nm in wavelength), but due to any varying degree of colorblindness or differences in our brain, we may be attributing different perceptions to the object, just as the two people attributed different meanings to the word "book" in the author's example. But in the author's example, one person was "wrong". But in my example, neither one is. There may not be a problem at all. It just seems like the situation is more nuanced than the author recognizes.

> 1. Consciousness is nothing.
> 2. Claiming a computer to be conscious is saying nothing.
> 3. Therefore a computer will never be conscious.

This feels like an equivocation to me, but honestly I don't even understand this argument anyway. This quote certainly doesn't help clarify the matter:

>The property of consciousness is then something without value, the present king of France is a non-existent concept, an empty concept. 

It seems like the author is equating the concepts of non-observable, non-valuable, and non-physical. I really just don't understand the point here.
As much as I'd like to believe that the Aztecs had their own Eudaimonic (happiness directed) philosophy, the article is almost completely unsourced (except for the reference to a single poem that doesn't make the argument). Is there any primary text evidence or is this all a later projection? 
The author opposes the Aztec ethicists to Aristotle and "this received ‘Western’ wisdom about the good life," but they seem remarkably similar to Aristotle, and to other branches of Hellenistic ethics. The Stoics, for example, counted joy as a disturbance of the soul (along with lust and fear), and concentrated on being active and virtuous. For the Stoics, "pleasure was little more than an incidental feature," just as the author says about the Aztecs. I would agree that Aztec ethics, as described by Purcell, is opposed to the idea of happiness we get from contemporary advertising, but it seems to be very similar to most "Western" philosophical ethics. This is likely because the Aztec philosophers, just like Western philosophers, were writing in opposition to prevalent opinion.

Purcell seems to be using the word "happiness" to mean "joy" -- a particular emotional state. He says: "We don’t plan our lives around elevated emotional states. What we want are worthwhile lives, and if we have to make sacrifices for that, then so much the worse for ‘happiness’." But this is exactly the difference between the Hellenistic concept of eudaimonia and the concept of happiness as joy. Eudaimonia does not describe a particular emotional state, but rather a condition of life: thriving, well-being, and leading the best kind of life for a human. Purcell says, "What the Aztec philosophers really wanted to know was: how is one supposed to live, given that pain and transience are inescapable features of our condition?" This is exactly the same question that is at the heart of Hellenistic ethics, and is particularly central to the Stoics and Epicureans.

Purcell also says that "unlike Aristotle, they did not start with the human ability to reason. Rather, they looked outward, to our circumstances on Earth." It's true that Aristotle did give primacy to reason, but he reasoned from observed circumstances and the experience of life. Here's Book 1, Chapter 4 of the Nicomachean Ethics, for example:

"Let us resume our inquiry and state, in view of the fact that all knowledge and every pursuit aims at some good, what it is that we say political science aims at and what is the highest of all goods achievable by action. Verbally there is very general agreement; for both the general run of men and people of superior refinement say that it is happiness, and identify living well and doing well with being happy; but with regard to what happiness is they differ, and the many do not give the same account as the wise. For the former think it is some plain and obvious thing, like pleasure, wealth, or honour; they differ, however, from one another -- and often even the same man identifies it with different things, with health when he is ill, with wealth when he is poor; but, conscious of their ignorance, they admire those who proclaim some great ideal that is above their comprehension. Now some thought that apart from these many goods there is another which is self-subsistent and causes the goodness of all these as well. To examine all the opinions that have been held were perhaps somewhat fruitless; enough to examine those that are most prevalent or that seem to be arguable.

Let us not fail to notice, however, that there is a difference between arguments from and those to the first principles. For Plato, too, was right in raising this question and asking, as he used to do, 'are we on the way from or to the first principles?' There is a difference, as there is in a race-course between the course from the judges to the turning-point and the way back. For, while we must begin with what is known, things are objects of knowledge in two senses -- some to us, some without qualification. Presumably, then, we must begin with things known to us. Hence any one who is to listen intelligently to lectures about what is noble and just, and generally, about the subjects of political science must have been brought up in good habits. For the fact is the starting-point, and if this is sufficiently plain to him, he will not at the start need the reason as well; and the man who has been well brought up has or can easily get starting points."
Unfortunately there are only a handful of Aztec era codices that we have access to.  Due to the nature of these, they are images and pictograms, it is difficult to extract ideas without injecting huge amounts of the observers biases.

There are many more codices collected by Spanish colonial priests.  These have much more information, and the songs, especially, shed light on what pre-columbian life and beliefs were like.  However, priests have a long tradition of modifying information while collecting it, and injecting their own worldview.  It is difficult to disentangle the ideas brought by Catholic priests, who were on a mission to convert a continent, and the original beliefs.

Songs are notoriously easy to find philosophical messages in.  Teenagers do a lot of this.  What is the significance of Taylor Swift's "Shake it off"?  Does it suggest a Buddhist renunciation in the sense of Moksha?  

I find it plausible that Aztec's had a worldview, and a sense of destiny and of fate, similar to Norse beliefs, or Homeric Greece, or pre Christian Celtic beliefs, or pre Zoroasterian Middle eastern beliefs, or early Judaism.  I find it less likely that they had moved beyond this into a formalized philosophy.  Philosophical themes are ever present in ancient myths and stories, but there is a consequential gap between telling stories with a theme, and developing a articulated theory of that idea. 
The only problem I found with the article was that Aztecs did NOT believe 'god' was nature. Teotl is like divine essence, and while teotl can be found in natural objects, such as corn and jaguars the Aztecs did not believe these were gods. Rather, the gods imbued natural things with their divinity. Also powerful humans such as kings and warriors have teotl too, so it's not really exclusive to nature. Now I'm a bit skeptical of what the rest of the article says.
Thank you for sharing this. Very interesting!
I've always found the core concepts found in Aztec religious thought and philosophy to be fascinating. A really great post, OP. 

For those interested, [here](https://www.amazon.com/Illustrated-Dictionary-Symbols-Ancient-Mexico/dp/0500279284/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1478972436&sr=8-1&keywords=aztec+mythology) is an accessible, fairly inclusive introductory book that I own that covers not only religion and philosophy but also how those core beliefs applied practically to and shaped matters of war, trade, education, politics, and so on. It also includes splashes of Mayan thought, and touches on the pre-Aztec societies that were later incorporated into the Aztec Empire.
The lesson I saw in the first three paragraphs wasn't "You should stop searching for happiness, because that’s not really what you want.", but "good point — I think I'll avoid having children".

Wow this was incredibly illuminating :o
If anyone wants me to translate any passages from the Florentine Codex or elsewhere, let me know. I haven't done the chapter on philosophy yet, but I think it's ridiculous how Aztec philosophy is constantly touted around without reference to primary sources. 

Edit: for instance, I'm pretty sure that Maffie's ideas about "teotl" are pulled out of his ass. In the chapter on gods in the Florentine Codex, "teotl" is used as we would use "god" -- it is used to refer to the gods of the Aztec pantheon, like Huitzilopochtli, and certainly not as some kind of holistic, dynamic, mana-like force (or whatever Maffie goes on about in his work). Maffie also constantly fails to cite any primary sources, relying entirely on secondary literature. So I take a lot of work on Aztec philosophy carefully, although this article in the OP actually seems pretty good. I would add that I don't think their philosophy is hopeful or anything of the sort -- it really is quite bleak, and their poetry is constantly filled with interjections of grief, "iyoyahue". Any revelry mentioned isn't hedonistic, nor existentialist like Sisyphus, it's done in an unknowing and bewildered state of mind.
[deleted]
That is brilliant. I I had never seen it before, and I've traveled (tours and vacation) thru most of Mexico... (TIL) 
This is fascinating, and I think aligns much more closely to my own experience than more traditional Western philosophy. It does bear more resemblance to Eastern thought than I would have expected as well.

I'm very much interested into digging further into both the philosophy and the history of thought in Aztec society. Any recommendations?
Aztec philosophy is like Heraclitus' eternal flux mixed with the Vedic ideas of samsara and the middleway - a coping strategy to joy-pain as the Aztecs called it. 
Not sure if anyone already answered this, but the Popol vuh y a great start for anyone interested in learning about prehispanic culture, philosophy and religion 
Some interesting things to note: 

The Aztec (or Mexica as they called themselves) had an ideographic language. Most of their pre-colonial codices were burned. 

The author is technically using Nahua codices. "Nahua" is a term applied to the post-colonial Aztec since the cultures were so different. 

The author mentions codices written by priests. This isn't strictly true. Nahua scribes and artists were trained by the Catholic Church and these are usually the people behind the books that we have. They recorded history, geography, traditions, and even anthropology. 

These Nahua codices usually contained a Romanized Nahuatl translation (though this wasn't always present), Spanish, and what the Spanish interpreted to be illustrations. Like I said before, though, the Nahua written language is actually ideographic/pictographic so these are actually another translation of the text. Diana Kerpel has even pointed out that these pictures contained nuances that are unavailable through reading the text. Namely that the source of the pigments used often added extra meaning what was written. 

So you can imagine how hard it would be to cite one of these manuscripts. It's a huge task to undertake, and for something that isn't targeted at a very specific audience, kind of unnecessary. 

Edit: Correcting autocorrect 
I am not well-versed in Aztec philosophy, nor I am I well-versed in Eastern philosophy. But from this brief overview, the Aztec notion of Neltiliztli reminds me of the Taoist concept of Wu-wei in that both of these offer means of living that emphasize harmony with (and not authority over) one's circumstance. Furthermore, Purcell's characterization of Aztec theology as pantheistic also reminds me of Taoism.

Interesting parallels.
[removed]
[removed]
Freakin awesome! Never been introduced to Aztec philosophy, going to look into it more. Had to laugh at the end though because I couldn't help but think "work shall set you free".
I haven't studie philosophy myself (overdosed on my father's lectures as a child) but this reminds me of the navajo view of life such as it is presented in Hillerman's crime stories. Note: reminded me of. Not: seems the same :-)
Wow, that was wonderful to read! Thanks for sharing that!!
If you are interest, there this tome named Thought and Religion in Ancient México"   De nada. 

https://archive.org/details/pensamientoyreli00sejo


They were like the mandalorian. Only conflict made the flowers blossom. 

(Aka, the the flowers represented souls)
And that is the exact reason why "happiness" in Russian has a different meaning, which has a lot less to do with pleasure.
As a pessimist Aztec philosophy provides yet another example of a declining civilization seeking solutions to the unsolvable from the uncaring universe.
    
TIL "Slick" was a common name among aztecs.
This is very similar to what is reached in Bhagavad Gita. We are not the supreme enjoyer, the Lord is
Whether or not there is evidence that the Aztecs did in fact believe all of this, it is still an excellent philosophy to live by. It's about the journey and not the destination, because after all, that's what life is. 
[removed]
The illusion of purpose?

Or accepting duality?


edit:  [This was just posted on /r/Meditation and it kinda fits](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HbYScltf1c&app=desktop)
When discussing happiness and the good life, what was the role of ripping the beating hearts out of thousands of living, breathing human beings per day?  

What about when they made children cry on the way to being thrown alive into bonfires?  Certainly they would not have been happy if the rain on their crops stopped.
[removed]
[removed]
TLDR: sacrifice your family to the sun god = happiness 
Mexican philosophers?!?  ...lol, ok
Reading the article, I realized I was interested only because they were a culture from the past, and that's not a good reason to be interested in their philosophy: The fact they're no longer around is evidence their philosophy wasn't useful in perpetuating their culture. (A philosophy including child sacrifice is evidentially a self-destructive one!) More generally, if we're not still talking about Aztec philosophy today, perhaps there's a good reason.

So I was faced with the question, "Why should we care about Aztec philosophy?" This question wasn't answered by this article.
[removed]
I felt this video raised more questions then it answered. It also ended on a note that was not cohesive with the context of the start of the video. 
So, why should we vote when one vote is unlikely to make a difference? Maybe I spaced out but I don't think that was answered. Usually people just say, "well imagine if everyone thought like that, then nobody would vote" but that answer has always seemed unsatisfactory to me. 
Related: http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/voting/
Well I've been yelled at and belittled by friends and even family..... about choosing a 3rd party candidate. I've always voted 3rd party, never seemed to be a problem until this election. I don't think I wasted my vote. My state is a given red state every election, by a landslide, so even wanting to vote blue wouldn't of mattered in the grand scheme of things, right? 
that didn't explain anything...wtf was that?

illustrations were cool tho.
**Summary:**
In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, Professor [Jonathan Anomaly](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/jonathan-anomaly) (Duke and UNC – Chapel Hill) discusses public goods, which are goods that are jointly consumed, so that they are available to everyone if they are available to anyone.  Public goods often lead to unexploited gains from trade, and are frequently invoked to justify why we have a state to perform basic functions like defense, property adjudication, and the regulation of pollution.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi
The reason you should vote when you know that your vote won't affect the outcome is because it is still preserved for later analysis.  Politicians datamine votes to create a picture of the preferences and dispositions present among the electorate, by demographic.  They then theoretically use that data to inform policy and law, but certainly use it to inform campaigns (which, in theory, informs policy and law).

It's not only about the outcome.  It's about speaking.  Your vote isn't only a decision nudge.  It's also your voice. 

We've been told in the past that if we don't vote, we shouldn't complain about the outcome.  That's incorrect.  If you didn't vote in some recent election, then you already haven't complained about the outcome.
Voting does not make sense as an individual action, but as a group action. When you are voting you only contribute your solitary vote, but you are doing so alongside millions of other people and some of those people are voting with the same or similar policy preferences as you. Therefore, if you do not vote, you are limiting the impact that your group of like-minded voters can have. That's why so many modern voting systems focus on providing proportional representation, so that every significant political group is represented in the government proportionally to what percentage of the voting population they make up. These kinds of systems emphasize the group aspect of voting much better than First Past the Post election systems--which is probably why I mostly hear this kind of discussion about the rationality of voting in countries like the US or the UK who have FPTP.
You do have control over supply and demand friends. Remember this, buying or advertising is yer direct vote. #boycott
I don't really understand why people complain that their votes don't make a difference. No, your single vote *doesn't* matter. It shouldn't matter. That's not what democracy is, democracy is just rule of the majority. I don't mean to come across as condescending, but do people really don't understand this?

You can participate in democracy or not, it's a choice you have. Nothing more nothing less.
A better question would be why should we vote at all when the electoral college decides who is president before more than 25% of the votes are even counted?
The bottom line is if the stupid Electoral College didn't exist everyone's vote would actually have a much more weighing effect on elections.  This in return would motivate people to actually vote! 
One vote doesn't matter? [False...](https://i.redd.it/kbmdubc0fnwx.png) 
This is great - it seems like the kind of thing which might turn people who aren't already into philosophy/logic/game theory onto those things, and that's rare indeed.
How are these videos made? What software is used to do the bits of "writing" or "drawing" in such videos?
I just don't like the argument of not voting because it wouldn't count. It seems as though that argument is entirely based on the premise of the opposition. You need people to vote for this argument to make sense. 
I really like this channel and subscribed, thanks for sharing! 
When all factors are taken into account (including game theoretic notions like rational choice theory/superrationalism), I feel that my time can be better spent elsewhere. Even on reddit, which says something about how little I think of voting I guess.

And I don't see why non-voting is bad either, because of the two groups:

- Everyone in the country

- Everyone in the country who will voluntarily make a small personal sacrifice to vote

I'd say the latter is slightly more likely to make good choices. 
“Nobody ever goes there anymore — it's too crowded.” We should call this the Yogi Berra paradox.
"The public" or "the people" do not exist as entities.  Only individuals have rights, sakes, duties, etc.  
I feel like if you feel strongly about a candidate, vote. If not, don't. Simple. It matters if you care, if not, don't.
Had a conversation with a lecturer when I asked what's the point in voting if my 1 vote won't make a single difference?

His reply: The concept of a single vote not counting may discourage thousands of people with the same idea, therfor you have to ignore this idea that 1 vote doesn't count so that all thousands of people who will have this idea's will vote instead and then it will have a difference. 

So the idea is that if as many people ignore the fact that one vote doesnt matter, then suddenly everyone's does.
Can someone give me a tl; dw? 

So does "altruistic punishment" include giving my family that supported Trump donations in their name to the NAACP and ACLU for Christmas. 
Really enjoyed it! Deep insight and very concise, well done! 
When people talk about a vote having "no impact" they usually seem to mean that it would not have altered the winner of this election. 

But I'm not sure why that's the only impact people consider. Election demographics matter. Not just outcomes.

If you are thinking about running for office in a district that is 60% republican, the positions you would take are different from what you would take in a 55% republican. In a place that is 85% republican you might not run at all. Yet all of those are supposedly "the same" for most analysts of this issue.
[removed]
A single vote alone makes not difference. But when millions of people vote or don't, it has an impact. 
The traditional idea that your vote doesn't matter might be wrong. The idea is that the expected value of actions is all that matters, and the expected value of a vote is basically zero. Since the chance of you being a tie breaking vote is astronomically small.

[Researchers calculate](http://www.stat.columbia.edu/~gelman/research/published/probdecisive2.pdf) that the probability of your vote being a tie breaker in the US presidential election, is something like 1 in 10 million (swing state voters) to 1 in 60 million (average voter). If you believe the president is worth a trillion dollars (that's the cost of Obamacare, and a third of the cost of the Iraq war), then your vote is worth $100,000, to $16,000. At least that's the expected value calculation.

In more local elections, the amount of money on the table is much smaller. But the probability of you being a tie breaker should be even higher, given the fewer voters. It's hard to estimate if these values exactly work out, but I still think the EV of voting is probably positive in local elections.

That's just with dollar amounts. I think it's possible to believe the president can do more good than just saving money. How do you calculate the value of the lives killed in a war, or saved from better healthcare policy?

Even if my estimate for the value of the president, or the probability of being a tie breaker, is off by 2 orders of magnitude... it's still worth the time to just go vote.

The are other arguments for voting I think. Like imagine around the country there are a bunch of people that think exactly the way you do. Let's say in an extreme case, they are exact clones of you. If you decide to vote, your clones, being exactly the same as you, will make exactly the same decision. So your choice of not voting actually determines the votes of all your clones as well. So you should factor in how many votes they have.
Crappy video.

You need to vote because you can't rely on everyone else to vote for your candidate or issue. If you do, risk everyone else thinking the same way as you and not voting "because everyone *else* will." 

Then you lose.
You should vote because of the categorical imperative. You can universalize voting, but you can't universalize non-voting.
Mob rule is immoral
Is it really that difficult to take 30 mins out of your day?

If you honestly can't muster the effort to get out to the poll spot, then nothing is going to convince you
Is this basically done for American voters, since their system with the electoral college and everything differs from most around the world? 
That video was garbage. Didn't answer any questions, it raised a bunch of new ones, it had no cohesion, and it ended in something very different than what it started on. 
Not specific to this election in particular, but I love watching the mental gymnastics that people try to go through when they complain about losing an election due to low voter turnout, and then blame it on people who voted for a 3rd party. It's not the fault of the millions of lazy arses who stayed home. It's not the fault of the their side having a bad candidate, or their opponent having a good candidate. It's suddenly some immense algebraic equation on how you wasted your vote. 

What if I HAD voted for one of the 2 major candidates, just not the one YOU wanted me to? Would you have wanted me to stick to only to those 2 parties still, and make it (even if only slightly) MORE difficult for your choice to win? Voting for a 3rd party (even out of protest) is your right, and in a system where the candidates are increasingly in it for their own personal gain and don't listen to a damn word you say (unless you personally are donating millions of dollars to them) - how else do you expect for people to express the opinion that they want better choices in the future?
Agreed then.
"For Marx, progress is demonstrated through his account of historical materialism. Historical materialism places changes in economic system as the basis for changes in the superstructure of society. Changes in economic system are determined by technological transformations."

This is incorrect.  For Marx, it is the relations of production that determine the economic system, hence history is the struggle between lords and serfs, proletariat and bourgeoisie, etc.  Technology is generally irrelevant to Marx's political economy except in so far as the technology is revolutionized as a consequence of relative surplus value. 
Marx is a metaphysical utilitarian if I dare say. Marx and many forms of Marxism afterwards saw in history an eventual crescendo of progress leading towards the universal happiness of communism. While in pure politics Marx may diverge from Mill's liberalism, because he sees historical classes as actors who have given prerogatives to benefit a particular social organization, rather than simply the needs of a common majority, yet at the same time with Marx the proletariat is a class that maximizes the utility of economy so that every individual may be a pure worker.
Is a transcript possible for those who don't want to watch a video?
Just read the Wikipedia article on ['biosemiotics'](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biosemiotics).
>It basically assumes the truth of hallucinatory experiences, and denies the truth of veridical experiences, without argument.

I don't understand what you mean by this. What does it mean to call an experience "true"? I can only hear that as meaning the same thing as "veridical," but that can't be what you're going for. So what do you mean when you say the argument from hallucination assumes that hallucinatory experiences (and not veridical experiences) are true?

Maybe on a similar note, how could this conclusion possibly be true?

>C* : Therefore, one is perceptually aware of ordinary (mind-independent) objects in hallucinatory experiences.

If having some experience renders one aware of an ordinary mind-independent object, then that experience isn't a hallucination, right? Like, if I have an experience as of a pool of water, and there really is a mind-independent pool of water that I'm made aware of in having that experience, isn't that experience straightforwardly veridical, and not hallucinatory? So I don't see how the premises of your argument from veridical experience are plausible if they entail this conclusion. And similarly, if your uninteresting argument entails this conclusion--

>C: Therefore, one is either perceptually aware of ordinary (mind-independent) objects in hallucinatory experiences, or one is not perceptually aware of ordinary (mind-independent) objects in veridical experience.

Then it seems that we have to reject the first disjunct of this conclusion, and so accept the second disjunct, which is just the conclusion of the argument from hallucination.
Now we're all corrupt cops!
Actually there is something to this.  Read [Jane Jacobs' *Death of Great American Cities*](https://www.amazon.com/Death-Life-Great-American-Cities/dp/067974195X) or simple visit cities in any other part of the world.

Her theses is because we try to eliminate foot traffic and loitering and "street life" in our cities, we've effectively remove the one thing that prevents crime: having lots of neighbors on the street "just living" who act as a deterrent.  It's empty streets that make crime easy because there's no one to witness or challenge the crime.

This is also related to the tendencies toward Car Culture, suburbs and [Brutalist architecture](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brutalist_architecture) in the US which look good on paper in the abstract but simply "doesn't work" for people in the city.  All of these things do exactly the same thing to eliminate pedestrian traffic that eliminates the prevention of crime.

So in this sense, everyone becomes a cop without even knowing it just by being part of a community and neighborhood.

This is why it's important for American cites to move away from this traditional designs of emphasizing cars, brutalist architecture, un-walkable streets, separated zoning (vs. mixed use), lack of mass transit, etc.
So anarchism? 
In theory they could implement something similar to mandatory x amount of years of military service. Train and force the populace to be part of a police force for a certain amount of years. It would change the way the country saw law enforcement. 
I couldn't disagree more. Corruption would continue to exist on a much more petty level. People'd be fining and arresting each other over bull shit left and right over personal, emotional reactions and vendetta's.

Personally, with all that I've been reading online, on facebook, and have seen on television recently, I wouldn't trust a single American citizen to even sit next to me on a bus right now. The vast majority of people are blind, foolish, emotionally unstable, and just downright dangerous.

This election, especially, has fueled some of the darkest parts of people's mind. It started with media coverage, slander, and twists on stories. That turned into political propaganda to sway votes. And it's ended with people genuinely taking the "news" at face value and threatening other people's very way of life on a regular basis.

Trump isn't a fucked up president. Americans are fucked up people. I really hope that he and Hillary both are very careful for a while because I'm legitimately worried about even my own safety out there.

Fuck this theory. Noooooo way.
How to cure corruption? Make every person a cop!

How to cure disease? Make every person a doctor!

How to cure hunger? Make every person a farmer!

I like this way of thinking. It is completely devoid of any type of wisdom or nuance.
I had hoped for some proper thought experiments on how it could be used in the real world. 

anyone have any ideas?

[removed]
But that's just a theory.

A game theory.
People cannot self govern, reddit is the shining example of that. Rather than intelligent discourse people will often gravitate towards creating their own little bubbles. People will use their power to substitute truth with their own reality. You would create a system where sheer numbers would dictate narrative.

For instance if one person were to purge "the corruption" of this world in one fell-swoop, without first providing evidence of corruption, people would be outraged. People would reject this person, people would see this person as the enemy. If you were to say that then one must first provide evidence of corruption, then we are already cops, and this discussion is pointless.

Modern society is simply too quick to react, to easy to manipulate, and much prefers to be spoonfed rather than ascertain anything for themselves. 

Giving a gun to a child is always a bad idea.
so what would inevitably be a totalitarian nightmare state? no thanks
If everyone is a cop, then noone is.
I would wonder if you could run a game in which the reporter of a corruption is awarded the theoretical spoils of a corruption, i.e. the informer gets all the spoils.  Corruption would only benefit the individual and would disincentivize corruption that requires collusion, conspiracy, or public acquiescence.  I understand some "leak" programs will offer a reward, but I don't think any offer a 100% award of the ill gotten gains.  People would be much less inclined to seek ill gotten rewards if they can be easily transferred to another, as well as them receiving the punishment.  Noticeable flaws?
That article was sexy as fuck. Love reading stuff by people who operate from data but can still take that and run with it laterally.

Don't have much else to contribute, sry.
Thats basically what they did in the DDR. Did not go well.
Everyone being a cop worked well in East Germany.  You were afraid to express your opinion and feelings out of fear that even your friend would turn you in.
I read "consumption" instead of "corruption" and spent a couple hours researching the history of police and tuberculosis. My conclusion? Being a cop won't always save you.

Edit:Wurdz en stough
[removed]
>The workers, unable to pass on their private genome, devote themselves instead to the service of the nest.

The author doesnt understand bees and ants.  The workers are all females and share their genetics with the queen, so in serving the "nest" they are passing on their own genes.

>But that’s not quite right. Even in these superhumanly lawful communities, crime lurks. In virtually all the eusocial insects, a few workers surreptitiously lay eggs of their own, eggs that can grow into reproductive males. By diverting shared resources away from the nest, these workers selfishly reduce the fitness of their nestmates. They play the system for their own advantage.

This is false.  In bees for instance, "laying workers" only happen in cases where the queen dies and cannot lay eggs.  If the hive does not have a young enough egg to turn into a queen, then the hive will die, period.  Some of the female workers will then start laying eggs which will be male drones (since these females are virgins and their eggs will be unfertilized).

This is just a last chance effort to pass on the genes of the hive when it has no chance to survive on its own.  

>Ordinary honeybee workers detect and devour more than 99 per cent of the eggs laid by their sisters.

Again, the author doesnt know what they are talking about here, see my explanation above of laying workers.

>but who needs illegal corruption when the police can legally pull you over, ransack your car and sell anything they find?

Umm, what?
Technically, Americans do have the right to enforce the law when government fails to do so. It's why we have a second amendment. This concept is different than the game theory - oriented righteousness of the article. What is proposed is a kind of democracy of justice - every individual would have the right to enforce the law at all times, but even the author realizes how quickly that would spiral out of control without some kind of unspoken rule that would have to be followed.

James Madison said: “Hence it is that democracies have ever been spectacles of turbulence and contention; have ever been found incompatible with personal security or the rights of property; and in general have been as short in their lives as they have been violent in their deaths."

America succeeded because it recognized that the there is genius waiting to be unleashed in all men - that the ability to rule is not a birthright, but one of many talents found in men of all walks of life. However, not all men are equally capable. Not all men are good rulers, just as they are not all good scientists or farmers. Our founding fathers realized the folly of giving the people total power over government and law. However, they also understood the need to regulate rulers and ensure that the interests of the people are represented. That is why we live in a Representative Republic, and not a Democracy. The administration of justice is no different. Imagine if every SJW on the internet could report you for their perceived hate crimes. It's just as ridiculous to suggest anonymous crime reporting as it is to suggest allowing citizens to hold majority votes to determine something like foreign policy. 

We already have two systems for defeating corruption. One is our electoral process and the limitations of government power, which we saw on full display on Tuesday. The other is the duty to overthrow corrupt governments and re-establish order, for which we are provided the second amendment.
I like this.  Everyone should be able to be equal.  Why is a certain "class" of people granted extra rights? This idea needs to disappear. 
>Can we use social engineering to manipulate this switch? The model suggests that we can. If we decrease power inequalities, increase punishments and reward punishers, in theory that should trigger a societal transition to righteousness.

Can someone explain how rewarding punishers transitions to righteousness?
Great thoughts, my mind however just keeps going back to mob mentality and lynch mob style cenarios
I have heard an argument that societies value honor codes highly when institutions aren't viable (absent, corrupt).  Basically the same idea?
This is how we keep the rules in Golf. When a player commits a rules violation he quickly calls it on himself and the penalty is added to the score at the end of the hole. This has resulted in people losing golf tournaments, but they can walk free knowing they did the right thing. 
Humans function best in communities of about 50 people. Any larger and you run into all of the problems listen above. Humanity has gotten too big for its boots.
As a liberal, legalise weed and all that, but the entire idea of making everyone look over everyone's shoulders IS completely flawed and seems nothing short of causing more issues. 

Author hired by Marxist scum!
I've long supported a national service system for police, similar to a military draft. The important point would be that there would be many, perhaps half, of the police who were only going to do the job for a couple of years, NOT make a career out of it. I think it would go a long way towards repairing trust between cops on the general public, and would almost certainly have the author's intended effect on corruption, as well.

The arguments against it are pretty much the same as those against a military draft, of course.
Don't give blood thirtsty political white knights weapons... they might abuse them or be too scared of the idea of using them.
Policing only works when there a few with granted authority watching over a larger group. I'm getting flashes of YouTube heroes.
Cool. Now we can all break the law and get away with it. 
Self determinism is Anarchy, man!
I don't think Suzanna Sadedin has watched enough sovereign citizen videos. 
Worked to rid us of all those pesky witches a couple hundred years ago. Solid idea.
San Pedro prison is sorta like this. Certain prisoners have clubs and are the only enforcers on the inside of the walls. On the outside there's guards with guns, but other than that, the prison is run by its inmates. 
There is a much better strategy than making everyone snitching on each other, and implementation costs close to nothing: (1) Free briberers of any responsibility. (2) A corruption conviction should automatically lead to a  property confiscation . (3) After a confiscation the informer gets a significant share of confiscated property (20-50%).

We are all cops already, responsible citizens ready to help our brothers out. If we could just rid our ranks of fellow officers who are do afraid that they shoot when there really isn't any danger, the world would be a better place.
Michael A. Wood Jr. has been preaching Civilian led policing for a while now. I wish I could find all the writings and info, but I definitely recommend checking him out.
Interesting to consider this article along with China implementing its new mandatory social media accounts for its citizens and scoring them with points based on civic behavior. 
So the Panopticon concept is still alive and kicking.
in other words, equal representation under the law.


This sounds like a parallel to Trump's guns for everyone policy.
Thanks for watching 
The problem with governance is humans.

The cure is one of two things; improve the humans or remove them from governance.
End result would be along the lines of: all cops are equal but some cops are more equal than others.
The biggest 'no shit' ever, IMO. This is basically the foundation of 'sovereign citizenship' ideas, and arguably of all 'civilization'. Recognizing the real material value of enlightenment (the recognition of Other People).

>but hierarchy is biological imperative

Maybe, for humans. Good thing we're only riding them, eh?

The article has a far more interesting caveat;

>As a species, we appear to have an insatiable appetite for enforcing arbitrary norms. Imagine, if you will, a society where the laser eye of social condemnation is trained on every possible transgression.

which it gives a few silly examples of before dismissing with

>Already, most of us participate in numerous different social contexts, switching adeptly between roles and social norms.

but which is again based in 'biological imperative' nonsense.

If the People are constantly considering their actions, and not just regurgitating a set of rules:punishments, it's not about 'switching roles', it's just a single constant through-line of 'correct behavior'. Definitions of correctness may vary from one Person to another, but not (significantly/frequently) within a single Person (which would be symptomatic of some dissociative disorder).
But that's just a theory. A game theory!
Or put cameras and microphones everywhere, and an administrative body that interprets everything we say and do.
Fascinating article. If you think in terms of WikiLeaks, /r/The_Donald, and 4chan's /pol/, today we may be seeing the rise of the egalitarian "police state" and a reduction in corruption. I don't think Trump would have won the election without the investigative work and weaponized memes of /r/The_Donald and /pol/, which focused on finding evidence of Hillary's corruption in WikiLeaks releases and then making it easily understandable. These unpaid, unofficial investigators certainly didn't get much help from the corrupt mainstream media, James Comey, Loretta Lynch, or the guy who knows everything about all the corruption everywhere and chooses to say nothing, James Clapper.

Flushed with success, /r/The_Donald is turning its sights on someone much more powerful than Hillary Clinton, namely George Soros. At the same time, WikiLeaks has gained worldwide recognition and respectability, which should encourage more leaks, providing more fuel for the citizens turned investigators.

This isn't about politics or beliefs. I am saying that the thesis of this essay is possibly about to become reality.
Wow. 
Let's start with all things that strike me as incredibly wrong.

1) For that to work, everyone of us would have to live in a glasshouse. And i think that would be a nightmare for a lot of people.

2) And the article goes in on that, is the fact that the danger of lynch mob mentality is faaar to damn big. And if you think such things won't happen because humanity as a while is more tolerant and enlightened you won't have to look for counterarguments for too long. The fanatical side of SJW will burn you at stake for your opinion, Clinton supporters will gladly crucify you if you are Trump supporter (and vice versa ofc.). And i didn't even start talking about religious ideas. In that flat hierarchy, you will have your bubbles of people with same ideas and beliefs.

3) From the pragmatical side alone, let's assume Max B is a father who has to work 2 jobs to keep his family afloat. And when he is done with his job, took some time for his kid, he has to find some motivation and strength to play the policeman as well, because for that system to work EVERYONE has to be a cop.


Game theroy is a crock of shit! 
I think for a unified world (as one species) to function, across various different cultures and religions - a system like this would be ideal. It would be the ultimate utopia. However, as most fiction and history depicts - ultimate utopia's are always short lived or have a great deal of flaws that make you question if it really is a utopia anymore. Such a model of social structure would rely heavily upon people being naturally good natured which, sadly, is not the case. In a society like this, you would more than likely have outcasts - people that would not want to conform and therefore would leave to setup their own 'society'. Thus, leading to division and another "faction" with its own codes and morals. In theory, it is a wonderful idea for where society could go. In reality, such a system would invite division for those who want to conform and those who would defy this new system.
[removed]
Fascism in 3.. 2.. 1..
[Deputizing everyone works for gun control, too...](https://notesonliberty.com/2016/06/15/rick-solves-the-gun-crisis/)
**ABSTRACT**

>This paper comprises three sections. First, we offer a traditional defence of deontology, in the manner of, for example, W.D. Ross (1965). The leading idea of such a defence is that the right is independent of the good. Second, we modify the now standard account of the distinction, in terms of the agent-relative/agent-neutral divide, between deontology and consequentialism. (This modification is necessary if indirect consequentialism is to count as a form of consequentialism.) Third, we challenge a value-based defence of deontology proposed by Quinn (1993), Kamm (1989, 1992), and Nagel (1995).

[Professor McNaughton
](http://philosophy.fsu.edu/People/Faculty/David-McNaughton)

[Professor Rawling ](http://philosophy.fsu.edu/People/Faculty/J.-Piers-Rawling)
Around the bottom of page 42 is the idea the Intuitionists take at face value that agent-relative reasons are sufficient. 

I would disagree with the thesis that it is intuitive that agent-relative reasons ought to have moral weight. 

It is understandable when Superman saves Lois Lane over the bus full of children, but I think there is a strong intuition that this is wrong. In the trolley problem, when you save your mother instead of the 5 strangers, it is understandable, but there is a strong intuition that this is wrong. 

As humans we are motivated by agent-specific reasons. As such, it is understandable when we act based on those motives. However, this doesn't mean that these actions are moral. 

Saving your buddy is honorable, but saving a stranger is heroic. Going above and beyond our everyday attachments and doing good for persons we don't know and may never see again is almost always seen as incredibly honorable, heroic, decent and moral. Choosing to ignore the stranger and only help our own is usually looked down upon, though tolerated.

There is a very basic intuition that we ought to be good to everyone, treat everyone well, and be willing to stick out our necks for everyone. This is equality, this is fairness, this is justice. Arguably, this is basic human decency.  Once you grant that it is morally permissible to prefer family/friends over strangers you get tyranny, oligarchy, and oppression. 
**AMA**:

Professor Puryear will be doing an AMA this upcoming Monday 11/14 at 12PM EST, related to his work in metaphysics, ethics and history of philosophy. Join the conversation [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/5c8qjt/ama_announcement_monday_1114_12pm_et_stephen/) by posting questions ahead of time, and join us live on Monday at noon.

**ABSTRACT**:

>  	
Frege supposedly thought that vague predicates have no referent (Bedeutung). But given other things he evidently believes, such a position would seem to commit him to a suspect nihilism according to which assertoric sentences containing vague predicates are neither true nor false. I argue that we have good reason to resist ascribing to Frege the view that vague predicates have no Bedeutung and thus good reason to resist seeing him as committed to the suspect nihilism. In the process, I call attention to several under-appreciated texts in which Frege suggests that a vague predicate, though lacking a Bedeutung of its own, can come to acquire a Bedeutung in certain contexts. The upshot of this suggestion is that vague predicates can serve the purposes of ordinary communication quite well, even if they are useless for logical purposes. 

**AUTHOR**:

[Stephen Puryear](http://www4.ncsu.edu/~smpuryea/), Assistant Professor of Philosophy, Affiliate of Classical Studies, North Carolina State University 
From the conclusion: 

> In spite of all our efforts in attempting to rationally prove the existence of God, we must agree that we may fail to convince even a single obstinate atheist shrouding his arguments with scientific or philosophical jargon.

Bit presumptuous about atheists, I think.
I find the subject interesting, but the author was insufferably condescending.
Hi, Professor Puryear, thank you for joining us. I got a few questions for you related to animal ethics.

1) Do you believe non-human animals can be morally wronged? If yes, how so? (And relatedly, is the view you describe in your "Schopenhauer on the Rights of Animals" pretty much your own view on the matter?)

2) Do you believe that industrial animal agricultural practices are morally wrong? If so, do you also take it to be morally wrong to *buy* their products?

All the best, 



Thank you for doing this, Dr.

I'm an undergrad philosophy major, and I've recently begun studying comparative philosophy. I've been looking further outside of the Western canon of philosophy and have begun studying Asian philosophies (Chinese and Indian, so far), and am looking forward to delving into other traditions. What are your thoughts about studying what is often considered religion (ex. Buddhism) or folklore (ex. African) as philosophy?
Professor Puryear, I'm a self-taught philosopher looking for literature related to a political theory I'm working in. The theory begins with a thought experiment that proves the mere existence of humanity implies the existence of five and only five contexts of action from the point of view of a given society: private action, public action, political action, foreign action and future action. This, in turn, implies five and only five contexts of concepts related to human action: goals, intention, the use of resource, ownership of resources, justice, injustice, methods for society to impose justice, freedom from injustice, price, the negotiation of price, and the benefits of the free negotiation of price over time.  These are all the required elements to extend Adam Smith's Invisible Hand to all contexts of human action. It is also all that is needed to extend Hayek's argument that there is no substitute for the free negotiation of price to all human action.  QUESTION: Are you aware of any literature in political philosophy / ethics that approaches the subject in this way? 
Hi, thanks for the AMA. 

I recently read "Finitism and the Beginning of the Universe", and I was wondering if you wanted to take a position on PWT versus PPT. 

You didn't tackle the issue of whether space-time is discrete or not, and I was wondering what your thoughts might be on that. 
What jumps to my mind is that, if spacetime is some sort of grid, this forces a preferred direction (anisotropy) which should in principle be measureable. I believe experiments have been done to this effect (observing gamma ray bursts from different directions) and found nothing, and so I'm inclined to say that space is continuous. Do you think this is a defensible argument? 
Hello Dr. Puryear. Thank you for taking the time to answer our questions! 

1) Do you think Leibnizes idea that this is the best of all possible worlds "holds water"/has any truth to it? (I know Voltaire's responds with his book Candide and calls out his idea as foolish)  

Besides the fact that the world isn't perfect. (At least it seems that way to most people) Is there any other reason to reject Leibniz's theodicy? (Assuming that you do reject it)

2) I saw an intersest of yours is ethics and I have been considering why an atheist should (have an obligation) or desire to (except to use ethical conduct to be well liked and help yourself) act ethically. 
This is probably a big question to tackle, but why do you think atheists should act ethically?

3) I am a philosophy student, (was major - now a minor cause my new college doesn't have the major) and am very interested in attending graduate school and maybe even going on to get a PHD. Do you have any advice for me as I pursue this goal? (Besides the advice of not going since the chances of getting a job are slim... haha)

Thanks again.
This AMA is being permanently archived by *The Winnower*, a publishing platform that offers traditional scholarly publishing tools to traditional *and* non-traditional scholarly outputs—because scholarly communication doesn’t just happen in journals.

To cite this AMA please use: [https://doi.org/10.15200/winn.147879.96638](https://www.thewinnower.com/papers/5669-ama-announcement-monday-11-14-12pm-et-stephen-puryear-north-carolina-state-on-history-of-philosophy-metaphysics-and-ethics)

You can learn more and start contributing at [*thewinnower.com*](https://thewinnower.com)

I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
You can be an idiot. (Or biased, or a hypocrite)

You can be wrong.

You can make a bad argument because you are an idiot.

But if I suggest your argument is wrong because you are an idiot then that's Ad Hominem.
I'm glad the video goes a bit into the *tu quoque* version of this fallacy. I've been seeing such appeals to hypocrisy becoming more and more common on Reddit. 

A person not acting in 100% accordance with the conclusion of their argument does not mean that their argument is invalid.
It's best not to insult others when you can help it, but I find it annoying how many people think any insult is an ad hominem. If I refute your argument and then scold you for your ignorance that isn't an ad hominem just because I personally insulted you. The insult wasn't the basis of my argument.
Remember, recalling a message-bearer's history of being a liar is not an 'ad hominem' nor a 'genetic' fallacy. Because it is relevant to setting the Bayesian priors necessary to judge the veracity of any new message conveyed by the message-bearer.
This video is obviously useless because there is a spelling error at 2:07, and a guy who can't spell "circumstance" correctly obviously has no idea what the hell *ad hominem* even means.
I completely agree that ad hominem has no place in a discussion of ideas and policy. 

But it is not ad hominem to say that someone's character disqualifies them from acting in a certain role that requires particular characteristics. We're going to see this discussed over the next four years, and that sort of criticism is absolutely valid. 

Edit: Thanks autocorrect. It's definitely not as hominem. 
The idea that you should win an arguement via logic than via appealing to emotion is very idealistic and theoretic, but also impratcial

study have shown the most effective way to persuade people is often through evoking their emotion, not to counter them with data or research. With the right posture, physical attractiveness effective use of simple language and showing of compassion, even the simplest and least scientifically proven statement would gather great supporters. That's because human first instiinctively react to information via emotion then process it with logic.

In recent years I belive the idea of logical arguing is as effective as classical economics in real world, which is minimal. Scholars can argue with that style as much as they want within their forum or theatre, but if they want to convince the society and push changes in a greater scale they should recognised this is sort of wasting time. 
The 2016 election and in some way, Obama's first one has proven that already
**TL;DW:**
In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Paul Henne](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/paul-henne) (Duke University) describes the ad hominem fallacy, which is an informal fallacy that arises when someone attacks the person making an argument rather than the argument itself. He also describes the four subtypes of this fallacy.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi
While Ad Hominems are bad, and far too few people understand what they are, I actually think this video does a poor job of presenting what it is and why it is bad. It takes far too long focusing on things that seem murky to someone who doesn't know much about fallacies without clearly explaining WHY it's so wrong.

It goes through example after example only saying that the Ad Hominem doesn't disprove the argument (which of course it doesn't), but not really providing an example as to what could have.

You can drive the point home much earlier and easier by continuing only slightly with the first example. X is a jerk, therefore his argument about Y is wrong. If that was a valid argument, then this would apply to EVERY argument X makes, even obvious ones with conclusions no one would disagree with. The details on different types of Ad Hominem are fine, but I don't think this gives a good enough foundation before delving in to those.
>  Let this be a guide for the next 4 years. 

Or, you know...recognize that this always has been a common tactic in politics and always will be. Critical thinking doesn't have a time limit.
Sometimes "ad hominem", while not good logic, functions as an excellent heuristics.  While it may be the case that I can't logically say your argument is bad because you are not an expert on what you are talking about, it's still reasonable to not take your arguments on that subject seriously. 
There's only so long you can call your opponents racists, sexists and bigots without addressing their ideas until someone like Trump comes along. 

We liberals need to take a long, hard look in the mirror.


As a non-american whenever I see parts of your debate I am torn between laughing and crying. Rather than discussing policies or trying to explain their point of view its multiple hours of trying to discredit the opponent by insulting and ridiculing them.
I've known about the ad hominem for years, and it's still my favorite argument to use in a debate.

Granted, I'm usually more interested in derailing a debate than discussing an issue constructively.
Pointing out that Trump is unfit to be a president because of his character flaws is not an Ad Hominem.
"Today’s Wall Street Journal story about Theranos is factually and scientifically erroneous and grounded in baseless assertions by inexperienced and disgruntled former employees and industry incumbents." "The sources relied on in the article today were never in a position to understand Theranos’ technology and know nothing about the processes currently employed by the company. We are disappointed that, in an effort to make its story more dramatic, this reporter relied only on the views of four 'anonymous' disgruntled former employees, competitors and their allies, instead of reaching out to many of the scientific, health care and business leaders who have actually seen, tested, used and examined our breakthrough technologies."
Fallacies are only relevant if the discussion is assumed to be rational though. We're way past that. 
The best post I'v seen all day
The problem with learning to avoid logical fallacies is that in a real world debate, they are more effective than facts, as we have seen time and again. If you want to be a good debater, you need to keep these tools in your arsenal. Unfortunately, you're not debating in front of academics or computers; for the most part, you're trying to convince a group of idiots.
Ad Hominem doesn't really apply to this election. Let's look at some of each candidate's negative qualities.

Clinton: cheater, liar, negligent. Yeah, *normally*, and especially from somebody like Trump, you'd think that's just some baby throwing insults to misdirect from the issues. However, those aren't misdirections. Those were quite literally her issues. She cheated and lied her way through the primaries. 

While Trump is an unknown, voting for Hillary is an even bigger unknown because not only would you have to gauge her qualifications, you'd have to gauge her intentions. How do you really know what somebody stands for if she just lies?

Trump: bigoted, unqualified, uneducated. Sure, you can call somebody all of these things without a reason why, and it would seem like pointless name-calling, but it stems from Trump's promises. Having to explain why Trump is a bigot would be like beating a dead horse. Even his supporters have already accepted that. His perceived lack of qualification stems from his lack of experience. We questioned Obama's ability due to his age, so why can't we question Trump due to him holding the highedt position of power in a completely new field?

Additionally, if you don't make your decisions based on science, then you're acting on various logical fallacies, anecdotal evidence that us prone to bias, or just made-up B.S. People aren't calling Trump an idiot just to be insulting. The man is literally rejecting science.

Tl;dr: their negative labels directly stem from their promises and/or actions.
I'm a bit confused. If you're a Cheetos-faced pussy-grabber and someone describes you thusly, even if it's patently obvious, is that an ad hominem?
Well great.  Now reddit will be screaming ad hominem to each other, and still not know entirely what it means.  Anyone remember the "because of the implications" days? Or better yet, the redditor who cried "strawman" legacy that still lives on?
what if the person IS a complete idiot... should we have to logically argue every fucking thing that comes out of this idiot's face?

no.

if he is indeed a complete idiot, then we can use this as a valid reason to NEVER LISTEN TO ANOTHER WORD.

several examples come to mind, but Rudy Giuliani fits the bill nicely.
[removed]
Hello,

Not all ad hominem attacks are fallacies.  I'd also add there is an art to a good personal insult which will score points in a debate.

Anyway: https://thelogicofscience.com/2015/11/25/stop-accusing-me-of-ad-hominem-fallacies-you-stupid-idiots/
[deleted]
What's the difference between an Ad Hominem argument, and a scarecrow argument?
Thank you for sharing.
I imagine we'll be seeing this on reddit a lot.
Yay new vocabulary . Anyone know how this would be used in a sentence?
This should be posted on a biweekly basis.
-Liars are going to lie
-The stupid are going to act stupid 
-Those with a financial interest are often going to act in their financial interest 

lots of times ad hominem arguments give solid evidence that an argument is wrong.


but my feelings are always right.......................
How does this work with an appeal to authority?  9 out of 10 doctors agree that ...  , then an ad hominem of doctors used to reccomend certain brands of cigarettes.
This video may have been 1) the first YouTube video longer than 3 minutes I've actually watched AND 2) been the first post on this thread I've even viewed comments for. Thank you OP for reminding me of a strong, yet latent interest in philosophy...
[removed]
I have seen a number of these videos now with them pretending to write out words... Why do they do this? And how do they do this? Why not just present the animations
Question: Is pointing out hypocrisy ad hominem?
People do this literally ALL THE TIME. It goes straight into character assassination. I often wonder if this is largely an american "thing" because it seems most prominent here. It's very hard to have an intellectual debate or conversation between two or more people with opposing views. Verbal violence and insults are now the norm. It's damaging and unproductive.  
Thanks.  Enjoyed that.

This sort of abuse in Austrtalian media made me furious.
They never looked at Trumps policies but instead just mocked some loud mouth thing he said.
He has said some stupid shitty things but you tried to find any of his policies in main stream media you simply find redicule.

Funnily enough now that hes won, we are hearing (In Australia) more about his policies, less jokes and more negative Clinton press.

Its kind fo sickening to think that if Clinton won we would still just be attacking peoples characters and not looking at their arguments. Good post.
I guess the Tl;Dr of this is:

Just because someone is a dick it doesn't mean they're wrong.

Nice video though, well put together and explains things very clearly, I just wish more people in life understood these points!
Just because someone's a dick doesn't mean they're wrong, sure...

But usually, people are dicks **because** they are wrong, and aggressive about it.
 Is it really so, though?

 In the first example, Vlad claims:

 * (1) Cats stay indoors and use the litter box
 * (2) While dogs need to be walked and they have to run outside, dogs are just more work
 * (3) Therefore cats are better domestic pets than dogs

This is a sequence of statements that a person might make. It certainly has the form that many other human statements have. But people have said things like this recently, in medieval times, and well before the Greeks formalized logic. It's a natural human behavior.

To say that (1) and (2) are premises and that (3) is the conclusion which supposedly follows from (1) and (2) is to overlay a framework over human communication. This framework intentionally hides the human behind the words, so it's not a surprise that someone discussing what constitutes a valid argument would, if he uses this framework, come to the conclusion that ad hominems are inadmissible. 

In the specific example from the video, Vlad and his judgment is hidden. The premise + premise -> conclusion framework makes it seem as though Vlad exercised his power of judgment in the intellectual gap between having 2 premises and drawing the conclusion that cats are better pets than dogs. But he actually exercised his judgment earlier, when he judged that he does not like to put work into a pet. Once that is done, drawing the conclusion that cats are better pets than dogs is really a no brainer and any one of us would do it if we had the same premises. The trouble is that we don't. We might posit that cats provide insufficient affection, or that dogs are more intelligent [with the hidden assumption that intelligence is inherently valuable, of course], or that dogs are better at entertaining kids. But your unique viewpoint as an individual is not expressed in positing the same things as someone else and coming to a different conclusion. Your unique viewpoint *is* the different set of premises that you would adopt regarding cats vs dogs as pets. 

 Without employing ad hominem, the entire argument would simply be you outlining what you've posited and the other party outlining what they've posited. You'll say your premises are more weighty, or you'll try to say that his premises in fact imply your conclusion or that his premises can all be conceptualized under some principle that would be better served if he accepted your premises. The ultimate result is typically that both sides walk away just as resolute in their positions, but sometimes one may be persuaded to see things as another person sees them.

That really is the issue. Is Vlad just incidentally a jerk? Does being a jerk have absolutely nothing to do with preferring cats to dogs? What is at stake here between you and Vlad? Why did you disagree about cats and dogs in the first place? If you were persuaded by a white supremacist that the black race is inherently inferior to the white race, would the only change that occurred in you be your view on the black race? If you were not hateful prior to your conversion, would you remain that way? In a world where studies find people holding certain beliefs *perceive* the world differently (that is, it is filtered for them before they can even begin to think about it) can you really say that the only thing at stake in any argument is an isolated intellectual position?

If not, then perhaps you might find some merit in an ad hominem? 

I admit that in the case of cat vs dog, being a jerk probably has nothing to do with the preference. If it did, I would suspect that correlation would be the reverse of what was presented in the video. But not every argument is about a simple topic upon which many millions have opined so that you may see that people of all types exist on every side of the fence. For instance, how do we know that Being and Time was entirely incidental to Heidegger's Nazism? You didn't exactly have millions of people independently coming to the same conclusions as Heidegger while staying clear of Nazism. There is no empirical assurance that the two are unrelated.
As an illustration for common intellectual torpidity this video is good. But if someone is an anti intellectual, they are against reason. Mr. Philosopher; this is not a fleeting problem.

There is no beauty in that thing and while the heart thing can guide, we really are presented with nothing to love, hence foreclosing "judgment".

*humanism...*

nice video, didactic.
It's not ad hominem when it's true. Example: last Spanish election I was complaining PP voters are pro fascist, and then, someone with a Twitter handle that says "country, king and God" told me that Not Everyone^tm so, there.
The video doesn't actually explain how to avoid ad hominem, but rather why to avoid them. This seems like a great educational video to show ignorant people during an argument.
People just look at me and immediately discount my opinion ad hominem. Although, most of the time their right.
I actually had a final exam today and one of the questions was on Ad Hominem bias!! Thought I was just procrastinating on reddit when I watched this video but I was actually studying. Thank you reddit 👍🏽
Op, thanks for sharing that video. 
TLDR Version:  Ad Hominem = Personal attack instead of addressing the argument.    
Wasn’t all of that just common sense given formal definitions? I guess this is a good reminder to people to watch out for when someone uses it, but I’m surprised it was made to be an 8-minute long video.
So in my experience when it comes to political discussions, I get accused of ad hominem attacks often but I never actually say them. I say "you are misinformed because you listen to bad news sources." The person dismisses me because they think i'm calling them inherently stupid which is not the case. I find this coming often from the republican/conservative side. "You are racist for saying a lot of mexicans are rapists" Then people dismiss it as an ad hominem attack but don't look at how saying something like that conveys a certain message without any type of empirical evidence. The entire trump candidacy worked on this principle - writing off every criticism as an Ad Hominem when they actually weren't.
When a leader makes all the decisions, and you have no say in these decisions, is it then not a given to criticise the leader? Criticising their  policies achieves nothing, and is divisive, while critisizing the person is polarising, and achieves a greater change. 

This is why political campaigns rely so heavily on ad hominem attacks, because fallacy or not, it achieves results.

Ad Hominem is only a fallacy if it is ineffective in winning an argument.
Even if ad hominem has no place in an structured argumentation is the most powrerfull to catch publi  audience
OK, (love this video), but I'd like to understand where the 'to the person' fallacy applies in relation to experts. No one can be an expert on all things, and we need people to perform in roles without requiring us to analyze every single argument they make (if even we could, because, of course, we're not the expert in most cases). Don't we NEED to make judgements of character, influence, and ~~lack of hypocrisy~~ integrity in order to delegate a job to a person? This is essentially a cross post between /r/politics and /r/philosophy, because your title and most of the comments I've read are saying not to discount Trump's arguments, but, to me, it seems kind of a silly argument to make in the grander scheme of things. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVFK8sVdJNg

This explanation is more succinct and accessible.
He makes a distinction between ad hominems and conflicts of interests but doesn't go on further. Anyone care to elaborate?
Then again, I've found that the world does not use informal logic (or formal) whatsoever much less than take in mind informal fallacies....
I believe a wise man once said:  *Politics ain't philosophy. It's in many ways the intentional absence of it.*
Wait, isn't a good portion of the legal system based using these?
Wait I'm sorry, really not trying to stand on taller ground, but was there/is there a single person who actually believes a person's standing is the sole reason why a comment or argument is right/wrong?

Just because Hitler is a jerk doesn't somehow mean that if he says 2+2=4 he somehow becomes wrong.....we all know this. 2+2=4 is a true statement. Just because Hitler is a jerk it does not become untrue. That's just common sense.


Does anyone think calling someone a jerk or stupid somehow wins them the debate?
That was really calming
This, straw man, and cherry picking are fallacies I've seen plague every day rhetoric.
Not sure why we needed an additional 7 min, first min and a half was plenty. Nice vid!
I wish more people would learn  this!

It seems that every argument i have seen regarding politics results in name calling
Fucking...  The one fallacy they teach in American schools. Yet nobody listens.  And then they just spend their entire Internet-life yelling at people they disagree with. 
In addition to some of the caveats already mentioned: There is another fallacy called appeal to authority. Which states that simply arguing that X is true because some authority figure says so is not sound. However a linked caveat here is that yes, sometimes a person's authority on a subject can be logically used to substantiate what essentially amounts to neccesary faith in that authority's expertise.  So now when debating a subject with a person who asserts his own supposed authority on a subject as a supplementation to his argument in otherwise logical fashion (that is to say he is not using his expertise to make logical connections, he is using it to establish premises or esoteric facts that you would otherwise have no ability to verify) then you can assert, if you have evidence for it "you are an idiot and so I reject your supposed authority on this subject."

That's perfectly logical. People will call it an ad hominem when you say it in this context but they're wrong. 
And to sum it all up its hard to win a argument with a smart person. Impossible to win an argument with a incompetent one
Funny how everyone here is defending ad hominem attacks...

In the top comment chain "I typically only use an ad hominem attack when I no longer wish to deconstuct the opponents argument." 

This is the exact kind of thinking that ad hominem promotes.

You are assuming that your argument is correct from the beginning and that your only task is to refute the opponents incorrect argument.

Perhaps your argument is incorrect? you would not be aware of this because it is what you truly believe. but you are unable (or unwilling) to argue your point of view, and simply resorting to attacks on the opponents character does little to defend your standpoint. 

If you are unwilling to continue to debate someones argument, what is the difference between "im right youre wrong go away" and " youre an *insult insult insult* shutup". 

Nothing, they are both childish and delusional. If an argument by its nature is so flawed that you do not wish to debate it, would it not be easier find and give one or two reasons as to why it is incorrect? 

Most of the comments ive seen sound like theyre coming from articulate toddlers. Very verbose yet with flawed reasoning. 
The Ad Hominem Fallacy does not apply when trying to determine a persons stance on an argument. It is not a [Surprise] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1Y73sPHKxw) that Politicians lie. Character is one of the best determining factors whether a person is telling a lie about a their stance on an argument. 

Ad hominem is only a fallacy when used to attack an argument directly. Like trying to attack the conclusion below with character assassination. 

Argument: Music is great and fun to listen/dance to.

Grendel's stance on the argument : I love music too.

Character assassination: You are a liar, as the Grendel did you not murder hundreds of woman, Children, and men just because they were playing music and dancing?

Grendel's Stance on the argument is now in serious question because his character is in opposition to his stance. 

Note that a Persons stance on an argument, is not the same as the argument. We are trying to determine on what side of the argument do they truly belong, not whether the argument is invalid because they are a terrible person. 

Didn't have time to read all comments, but could someone answer me this: are feminist arguments that disregard or invalidate other person's opinion based on their gender, race, ethnicity etc. subject to ad hominem? For example the accusations of "splaining?" 


Ad hominem is not necessarily bad. See nietzsche. 
What about the "Russian Hackers" fallacy???  Is that a form of ad hominem, or simply dodging the question?
he used a pretty bad example that is way to obvious
Where were you 8 years ago?
I found interesting that statements such as "but you speed too" in response to "you're driving too fast, it's unsafe." Are ad hominems too.
The ad hominem fallacy and the fallacy fallacy are probably the two most used fallacies on the internet 
There is no reason why it should take 8 minutes to say what ad hominem arguments are.
The fact this even needs to be explained is terribly worrisome. 


I get into obscure arguments with a buddy of mine about historical and political isssues all the time.  A favorite thing for him to say "dude you are wrong, I have a masters degree in history" is this Ad Hominen? Since hes implying my argument is invalid because my education isnt in the subject and not a masters degree.
Very good video. Had been introduced to ad hominem before, however was not aware of the subcategories. Whenever I argue with my mum, she is gonna use the tu quoque argument. "You better don't tell me how to set my life straight, as you cannot set your's straight either." (something like that, whenever I criticize her)
I feel if everybody knew about this (and would apply it accordingly) our world would be a waaay better place. 
Also I would argue that it is useful to see Donald Trump from this point of view. He might be a douche, he might be racist or sexist and whatnot, but can he not still make a valid argument on rebuilding American infrastructure? I do not intend to defend him in any way, just trying to be reasonable rather than histeric.
LPT Request: how does one argue/have a conversation with someone who is always using ad hominem arguments against them?
If a few of Vlads arguments are very valid, but a majority are proven to be objectively and consistently invalid, then Vlad cannot be expected to make more valid arguments than invalid arguments in the future based on statistics.

Furthermore, if Hitler has demonstrated consistently abhorrent behavior, regardless of the validity of any arguments he makes, does not mean that he is a valid leader.
An ad hominem is when you are losing an argument, you accuse your opponent of using "ad hominems" and throw them off their game.
I'm glad the video mentioned at the end that in some cases, there are personal criticisms that are relevant. I wait for the second video. I personally think it's more useful for most people to understand what is NOT ad hominem even thought it could seem like it is.
When attacking another's character, you are not being kind nor loving. This matters because when you attack someone's character you are putting them on the defensive, which pretty much kills all chances of compromise and mutual respect. You might as well have said nothing at all, for everything else said after the ad hominem will fall upon deaf ears. I still struggle with this almost daily, on both sides.
[deleted]
With the circumstantial ad hominem, could you not use evidence of character as a way to make your argument not faulty? "Catherine, you say that since animals are sentient that eating animals is immoral, yet you work for s vegan company. It is permissible for you to draw your conclusion, but What about people who don't have the ties to Veganism as you? What about religious sects who thrive on eating animals. Is it then moral for you to call their beliefs immoral?"
When it comes to this stuff I assume it's common knowledge. It's so damned simple.
For the past year or two I've been (in my own head) using a metric based on the *ad hominem* fallacy when having what starts out as a reasonable discussion online--usually here on Reddit: Time to *ad hominem*. I even have a little abbreviation I use: TTAH.

It's currently defined as the number of back-and-forth interactions with an interlocutor (my wife says this should be "intertextutor") before they use the *ad hominem* fallacy. Actually, watching this video, I'm aware that I sometimes confuse general insults with *ad hominem*, so I either need to change the definition of the metric (time to ad hominem and/or insult?) or be more careful in my assessment.

Anyway, I certainly feel like I've seen that TTAH describes some key features of conversations with certain people. Anyhoo.
I am supremely guilty of Ad Hominem. It's easy to perceive patterns of behavior in individuals or think you're perceiving them, but it's never wise to assume what type of person someone is and attack that. The goal is to help someone change their mind or help you understand their mentality- and you can't change a mind that's been steeled against you because you attacked the person attached to it. 
is this like:

"If it looks stupid and it works - it's not stupid"
?
I think this can be misused sometimes. Sometimes a person's character is the subject matter, although not usually the person I'm talking to. If an election candidate is a hypocrite and a liar, that's what I'm going to discuss. The candidate's policies are irrelevant if I have good reason to believe the candidate has no intention of following through on them. Or if someone starts making appeals to their own authority, they should expect to have that authority questioned.
So let's go at what this post is alluding to logically, the "Ad Hominem Fallacy: what it is and how to avoid it. Let this be a guide for the next 4 years" is obviously alluding to the election.  Specifically it is about personal & moral failings used as arguments against the incoming administration.  In the context of this post, arguments have been levied against the candidate that personal & moral failings make **his** positions inadequate.

However, the presidency is a moral position, where moral standing conveys soft and sometimes hard power and has real effects, so the personal moral failings are necessarily and validly on trial, in conjunction with the actual policy positions [which were and are thin and vague].

The administration who won the election [de facto] fails in objective comparison with the loser on policy specifics, as well as moral character.  The Seth Meyers [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmmBi4V7X1M) which was widely circulated prior to the election might be held up as an ad hominem analysis, but since it's the presidency - a figurehead kind of moral authority based position, as well as one where demonstrable judgement is essential.  Ergo, Seth's points, and those of others who have attacked his personal/moral/intellectual character are actually perfectly valid [consider George Bush, whose intellectual character were also in question at the time of his election, and look where that got us].

Edit: in case I am subject to an ad hominem attack for this position, I am working class, I was with Bernie, we need a working class, populist revolution, and a president with the experience, moral authority and judgement and experience to govern and lead because that's necessarily part of the assessment for this position, and my adding this is important to the discussion, because this post necessarily posits that personal moral character are not part of governing.  That's wrong, it's a necessary part of the American or other presidency, so ad hominem is a valid attack when it comes to this position.
Sometimes arguments are so bad, they're not worth refuting. It's easier to start a new topic of discussion; the idiocy of the other person.
This is a really long and repetitive video for something so simple.
Love me some fallacies! I kind of have a feeling it will be open season over the next couple of years... 

I have used [Nizkor](http://www.nizkor.org/features/fallacies/) to learn about different fallacies in the past. Anyone know of other/good resources?
I'm constantly being bombarded with information - I cant possibly try to evaluate the premises and conclusion of every argument I encounter. Therefore I have no choice but to employ Ad Hominem and whatever other "fallacies" I can, as shortcuts to determine what is true or false. They are effective, efficient and valuable for arriving at quick conclusions to low impact information.

On the Internet it is absolutely 100% necessary to evaluate the source of all information, and the "fallacies" that this video talks about are actually tools that you SHOULD employ when doing you evaluation. 

Ironic? 
[removed]
[removed]
Hi all, I was having a debate with a friend and I was hoping someone could confirm my understanding of ad hominem. I've tried googling this specific example, but couldn't find a direct answer. 

I used a historical figure's quote to support my argument. I think the quote was something about justice -- don't remember now. My friend then came back and attacked the historical figure's character to undermine my argument. We then got into a very long (and heated) argument about how Ad hominem has to involve attacking the person with whom you're having an argument, not someone that I invoked. I believe he committed ad hominem. 

Would anyone mind weighing in? 


If I base my argument on a character attack, I don't have an argument.

However, I don't see anything wrong with appropriate characters attacks *in addition* to an argument.

If we are discussing X and you are also being an idiot, I'll respond to X and then call you an idiot. I think that's fair.
**AMA**:

Professor Puryear will be doing an AMA this upcoming Monday 11/14 at 12PM EST, related to his work in metaphysics, ethics and history of philosophy. Join the conversation [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/5c8qjt/ama_announcement_monday_1114_12pm_et_stephen/) by posting questions ahead of time, and join us live on Monday at noon.

**ABSTRACT**:

> Many philosophers have argued that the past must be finite in duration because otherwise reaching the present moment would have involved something impossible, namely, the sequential occurrence of an actual infinity of events. In reply, some philosophers have objected that there can be nothing amiss in such an occurrence, since actually infinite sequences are ‘traversed’ all the time in nature, for example, whenever an object moves from one location in space to another. This essay focuses on one of the two available replies to this objection, namely, the claim that actual infinities are not traversed in nature because space, time, and other continuous wholes divide into parts only in so far as we divide them in thought, and thus divide into only a finite number of parts. I grant that this reply succeeds in blunting the anti-finitist objection, but I argue that it also subverts the very argument against an eternal past that it was intended to save. 

**AUTHOR**:

[Stephen Puryear](http://www4.ncsu.edu/~smpuryea/), Assistant Professor of Philosophy, Affiliate of Classical Studies, North Carolina State University 
This seems like the spot where philosophy and physics collide. It's a compelling philosophical argument, and it happily breaks known laws of physics without bothering to explain how such violence occurred, assuming I am understanding it correctly.

It's possible I'm confused about Puryear's definition of "beginning." If he is definining it as the universe having a beginning *in time*, well, he argues it well, and my objections are meaningless. It's also pretty much the definition of the [Big Bang theory timeline](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Bang#Timeline), and there is no reason to believe there was "time," infinite or otherwise, prior to this point (although there [may have been](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Bounce)), but either way we may never be able to find out for sure. If this theory is true, and we have no reason to believe it's not, then the universe not only had a beginning, but that time was roughly 13.8 billion years ago.

If by "beginning" he means "going from a state of non-existence to existence", however, we run into some problems:

1. The First Law of Thermodynamics states that matter and energy cannot be created nor destroyed, but may be changed in form. We have never observed an exception to this rule, and logically it is at least plausible that the sum total of matter and energy in the universe is a constant value ([perhaps even zero](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zero-energy_universe)). Even a non-zero constant is plausible. If the universe has a beginning, before which it did not exist, by what process was this law violated, and what evidence do we have that this occurred?
2. The idea presented of PWT presupposes that time, as defined by PWE (events leading to further events), is absolute. Physicists, however, generally see time as dependent on spacetime; the "fabric" of the universe. If true, time itself is dependent on the existence of our universe, and is [caused by distortions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Causal_dynamical_triangulation) in space at the quantum level. Therefore, it is reasonable to believe that, "prior" (if such a word has a meaning) to the big bang, time itself did not exist in the way we imagine it...there was no spacetime in which to create alterations. So while time most likely had a beginning, it does not follow that the mass and energy of the universe went from a state of non-existence to existence, as existence would not be dependent on time, only a change in state (which, unlike Puryear's argument, does *not* violate the First Law of Thermodynamics).

So while I think his argument is reasonable in the first way, although somewhat obvious to cosmologists, I don't think it's *necessarily* true, as it's possible that there are infinite prior universes and causation simply stops applying once spacetime collapses. I think he'd have to prove something similar to a "First Cause" argument, but without the handy "God did it" special pleading that Aquinas used. After all, if all events must have a cause, what caused the first one? And if that thing, whatever it is, does not require a prior event, why do all *following* events require it? The argument quickly becomes self-refuting.

But if he's referring to existence itself, I think he runs into some major empirical roadblocks, and while philosophers often like to ignore reality when it interferes with their arguments, I don't think you can argue that a physical event such as "the universe beginning" can ignore empirical data.
Right off the bat, I'd like to point out there's a difference between ending the lives of already living beings and denying to propagate new ones. I'd argue that taking the life of something that is both aware of what is going on and has a preference not to die prematurely is unethical, whereas decided whether or not to propagate a species is far more muddy and relies on the features of the specific species in question. 

In addition to this because we are far more self aware/have the ability to think rationally we are capable of conceptualising what it means for our species to be extinct, and I'd put my money on cows not* being able to make that conceptualisation. 

Lastly I don't really think many of the arguments around anti-natalism are clear. You can't compare the suffering of a person that exists with one that doesn't because the other 'person' doesn't exist and therefore trying to come to an aggregate amount of suffering they would hypothetically not experience is pretty nonsensical. I don't know the precise terminology but it looks a bit like a category error; we are trying to quantify something that doesn't exist. If it doesn't exist, that doesn't mean the numerical value we assign to suffering is 0, it means there is no such value. I'm currently an anti-natalist because the planet is already overpopulated and creating more people is something that will harm those already living on the planet. 

Back to the thought experiment. If it would be the case that we wouldn't be aware our species is going to die out (which cows wouldn't be) then I'd be happy (or rather no worse off) with the aliens declining to breed more of us (providing I died none the wiser, not knowing the fate of my species). Remember, our short lives only hold value to us once we're actually living them, before we're alive nothing holds value to us because we don't exist. 

Asking what decision I would make doesn't really fit the analogy well though because we don't give cows the decision and I don't think theyre capable of making/conceptualising or understanding the consequences of such a choice. 

At the end of the day 'humane' (while you can kill an animal painlessly theoretically cows are very social and even separating them from family members can harm them) methods aren't 100℅ effective so you're still going to be causing unnecessary suffering and no amount of arguing can really square that away if you start with the premise that we should avoid causing unnecessary suffering to animals. 
This argument doesnt discuss the repercussions on us as humans. We have less resources than we could due to meat eating. This is a large reason people are vegan.
This is the weirdest tu quoque I've ever read. 

Your argument seems to be that because aliens farm us, we can farm cows.

If your goal is to maximize the number of cows that exist, we're not doing a good enough job. It's our moral obligation to mate more cows! Who are you to not spend every second of your life procreating, think of all the children who could've lived!

Here's the thing, we caused these animals to come alive through our actions. You can't then turn it around and say we must continue our actions so that they might come alive. You could use that to justify eating babies also.
If humans were an optional food source for these aliens and unnecessary to these alien's survival, would you consider that what the aliens are doing is ethical? 
>If the above turned out to be true, would you opt to shut earth down and end humanity?

I would think that the aliens had an obligation to stop using their age-advancing hormones. I'm not sure what it would mean to "shut earth down and end humanity," though. Would no one be allowed to have children? I think that would be wrong. The aliens should leave us alone and let us do as we please.

>If not, why do you think we should shut down humane farms?

If we shut down humane farms, presumably we would make sure that those farmed animals didn't breed. I think this would be morally fine. So you might think this is an inconsistent position: if we're not obligated to let animals breed freely, why would the aliens be obligated to let us breed freely? The answer is that we are persons with the right to autonomy, and animals are not. Unlike humans, animals aren't autonomous, so there's nothing really wrong with controlling their breeding. But whether or not they're autonomous, there's still something wrong with killing them prematurely for no good reason.
An individual who possesses personhood should be entitled to not be considered the property of another. I hope you'd agree that humans are deserving of personhood. Then the aliens are morally obligated to not treat us as their property. Assuming we can sustain ourselves without the aliens intervening, we should then continue on independently.

What should the criteria be for deciding when an individual has personhood and when they do not? Perhaps the likleyhood of being conscious. By this criteria, animals that are currently farmed by us should have personhood. Therefore should be ascribed the right to not be considered property. However, current farmed animal populations cannot sustain themselves without human intervention. Hence we should let them decay to a reasonable self managing population. This number is likely to be several orders of magnitude lower than the current population. Then we stop treating them as our property.

I agree that shutting down Earth would be bad. That's why you don't just indiscriminately cull to get the population down. Again, humans can sustain themselves without intervention, farmed animals cannot. If you believe that any life is morally positive, no matter of its condition, then as you dramatically increase population, there comes a point when the value of all those poor quality lives outweighs the value of fewer high quality lives. Hence you are morally driven to massively inflate the population, even to the detriment of the individuals, because each life has worth.
I don't think I see how your thought experiment addresses the issue in the original argument, because even granting the whole thing, it still seems wrong that the aliens would be prematurely ending *our* lives, right?  The thought experiment doesn't give an answer to what might make the hypothetical vegan-alien's 'case against inhumane earths' invalid.  

Hope that alien is out there fighting for us though, getting to live 1000 years of no suffering sounds like a treat.  


Aside from any actual points about the pros/cons of veganism I'm not sure I share your intuitions - If I got the choice I'd rather not be born at all than live as a farm animal. There's a basic dignity that would be lost if your existence was solely for the purpose of something that doesn't value you.
It is my impression is that most vegan seem to be ok with the idea of sterilizing factory farm animals and allowing them to go extinct (provided that the ones that are currently alive are cared for until death). There do seem to be some people (including myself and it seems OP) who think that extinction is fundamentally immoral. That groups of persons (or animals in this case) have rights which cannot be explained solely by the rights of the individuals. While the vegan movement presents itself as pro-animal rights, at the end of the day, it always seems that they are pro-extinction. 
What? No vegan proposes that we nuke all the farms and wipe out cows, chickens, and pigs. But rather that we end the animal agriculture industry which would entail preventing the animals from breeding, they would live their natural, wild existence that they would have if humans had not intervened. 

Ending animal agriculture is not equal to shutting down earth, listen to your ethics professor please.
I think your argument reflects the condition of every semi-sentient being that walks the earth. Most are indifferent towards the suffering of other species- they neither advocate for it nor dislike it for any other reason than its relationship to them. If it is prey, it's life may be short, brutal and painful-but such is the way a carnivore survives. Because every animal on earth intends to manipulate resources for the benefit of them or the common good of their species, other species in relation to them are either benefitted or harmed. This rule reflects this fundamental nature in humans, and the nature which we should base our ethics. Every animal on earth is available to be taken advantage of by humans- and vice versa (for example, most people don't consider a wild lion attacking and eating a human an ethical atrocity, only a tragedy). Moving away from this fundamental nature may eventually hurt us and the natural way of life, eventually hurting animals as well. Humans are omnivores, their diet consists of killing and eating animals- which should be moral reason enough for humane farms. (Clarifying stance: sadism against animals is obviously not ok, it does nothing for the relationship between prey and predator and animal cruelty should be treated with intense backlash) 
If I could reformulate the argument a little it's: Imagine today aliens invaded from outer space. They said "we're much more powerful than you and you don't stand a chance against us. We'll give you a choice of what we do with Earth:

1. We let you live out your lives normally for the most part, but we'll zap you with a harmless ray that let's you live for 1000 years. But none of you will live that long, because when you're around 70 (on average), we will kill you and eat your corpse just because we like it. You might be younger or older when we kill you, it's a surprise.

2. We leave and do nothing."

So the "dilemma" is basically choosing between these two options? Isn't it obvious? If this was actually presented to the world, what do you think most people would want?
The question is not whether I as a human would shut down the earth, but rather if it is ethical for the aliens to do as they are doing by continuing to run the farm. Any individual human's personal opinion on the matter has no bearing on whether it is ethical.
No, I would advocate for lowering the total number of humans, allowing us to live our full lifespans, and only harvesting our meat when we die naturally.

As it happens, I would feel more or less comfortable with a similar situation for farm animals.

Edit: However, I have to point out that in terms of this thought experiment, the earths are horribly mismanaged. If I were an alien harvesting humans for their meat, I would disallow them abuse of technologies and agricultural practices that threaten to compromise the viability of the whole operation. That's just bad business. The type of meat production which I suggested would be acceptable is still completely unsustainable on a global scale, and on that basis, for the protection of man, I would advocate to the aliens that animal agriculture be banned nonetheless.
Too complicated. Open your mouth. See the pointy teeth in the front? They are for eating meat. If you don't get enough vitamins and protein, your health quickly degrades. Vegetarian diets are not healthy without extra supplementation, which isn't naturally available.

Why does this matter? It means people are going to eat meat one way or another. We're not going to roll over and starve in the name of protecting another species. No animal would. We survive. The question is where the meat comes from. Is it more humane to have a nice farm where the animals lead short but luxurious lives, never starving, never being hunted and torn apart by wild predators, or is it more humane to leave it to the individual to hunt down and kill an animal with weapons or traps?

TLDR: Humans need meat. Life for an animal is much harder in the wild than on a humane farm, and even some inhumane farms. This is the working solution.
>If the above turned out to be true, would you opt to shut earth down and end humanity?

Here seems to be where the flaw of your thought experiment lies. There is a difference between ending a species completely and letting it develop in its most natural way, without external interference. Alternatively, in order to make your analogy fit the actual intention of many vegetarians (and vegans), who are arguing against the slaughter of animals for the sole sake of satisfying a certain preference of food, a little better, I'd propose this change:

>If the above turned out to be true, would you opt to free mankind from 'earth' and let them live naturally all by themselves on a different planet without any alien species monitoring them? Would you opt to let them live for their 'natural length' of 1000 years? If yes, why do you think we shouldn't shut down humane farms?

Shutting down a farm does not make the farmed species/animal go extinct. As you can see, when the analogy is closer to the actual situation, it appears a lot more morally supportable to be in favor of shutting down these humane farms. Thus, your own thought experiment works against you.

HOWEVER, I do agree that humane farms are a lot superior to regular factory farms, obviously. 
The problem with this scenario

A. As you'll probably see if you read this whole thread, carrying out (in our imagination) this humans-as-alien-farm-animals thing to the logical extent of the parallel leads to a very weird Twilight-Zone-esque scenario with a lot of broader implications and questions raised

B. What I'd want for animals is not the same thing I'd want for humanity in a similar scenario (a lot of the stuff I detailed above) and what I'd want humans to do (if they could and weren't just somehow inhibited because animals couldn't) in a farm scenario is something I wouldn't want the animals to do even if they could, rise up and at the very least show the farmers the error of their ways
[deleted]
This argument is good enough to write a paper on it imo. Well done OP.
Would anyone that has watched all of these mind informing me as to the utility of seeing them all? 

As someone with a minor interest in moral philosophy, but not particularly Kantian philosophy, I'm curious if this is worth the time.

Any personal feedback as to whether or not this is worthwhile? 
I haven't watched these yet(but I will)... but I have read Kants Crititique of pure reason.(the work that he is actually famous for)

He examines methods by which we aquire knowledge,he focuses on metaphysics, he examines the nature of reality through the lens of human observer. He regards stoic man as the ideal man( he him self followed a "hybrid model" of stoicism/asceticism).

I havent read his moral philosophy. But having read Decart,Hume,Seneca,Epictetus, Marcus Aurelius, Critique of Pure Reason...I have an idea for what he is going to say..

Before you read Kant...you need to read Plato,Aristotle(at least an overview),Seneca, David Humes treatise on human nature(full work), broad overview of Leibniz, broad overview of Decart.



This is not a begginer friendly book.

If Montaigne's full work would be classified as Arithemtic, Kants critique would classified Quantum Physics...
This article contains an extremely light-weight review of Nietzsche's essay, nothing approaching an argument for the claim presented in the title.
I read this article a while back and I'm delighted to see it come up again.

I think an understated element of this debate over education is the degree to which the classroom today is a structured environment, and that the levels of authority present in it do a strange number of both repressing certain thoughts and yet allowing sloppy thinking to go unchecked. 

This might seem counter-intuitive, because it isn't a simple matter of pushing an agenda and everyone who's been to a university knows it. It's more of a groupthink problem along with a postmodern laxness about stridently demanding concepts conform to a logical structure. When you get used to hearing questions framed in a certain way, the values go unexamined. For students, it's because you want to be liked and get your grades. The teachers don't mess with this, as the students often rate the teachers at the end of a cycle. The higher admin also has targets for certain grade distributions the teachers have to conform to, and they take accusations of teacher bias or hostility seriously. It's not an open environment, or a rigorous environment, in any direction. I understand why Nietzsche believed that rigorous scholarship was simply not for everyone.

I sometimes wonder if I would have enjoyed university more if there had been more lectures like Wittgenstein used to give, just show up if you want to listen and possibly argue, let the debate get rowdy. That's more my cup of tea. University as it is was... excessively empathetic.

Also, please, enough with the Trump talk. The election was complex in its causes and we're in a period where you can bring him up as a symbolic insult where it doesn't really make sense.
Very interesting article. 
>  But what if many are happy to relinquish these benefits for the sake of values they consider more important and want to impose on others? 

Nietzsche opposes here the tradition of enlightenment, when a Karl Marx defined freedom   of being aware of influences shaping life and the birth of the workers movement in liberal education clubs. Wilhelm von Humbold shaped the German academic landscape by defining the university as a institution where the student has to manage his own education, by choosing the lectures himself and he gets no help. Behind this concept was the idea not only to get an education but to develop the own personality and being able to educate yourself your whole life. The idea of a plan with courses was mostly absent.  

The question is practically solved in many western countries by defining a rudimentary catalog of basic knowledges because education has to serve the purpose to strengthen the national economy. "Bildung" as a concept and explained in the article is seen as too expensive or a luxury. The necessities of capitalism killed this concept in the second half of the 20th century. But it was already under the Prussians under attack, when the Gymnasium taught a defined canon of knowledge to strengthen patriotic attitudes. And "Bildung" was until the 1960s something for the upper middle class. We have to be aware that the luxury of an academic education wasn't necessary in Germany because of the system of apprenticeships. A company employs apprentices and the state supported this system with schools. The amount of knowledge and experience is defined by committees with members from companies and government.  

It's looking like Nietzsche makes a critique on the practical implementation of "Bildung" without taking into account what can be achieved and therefore he seem to submit to contemporary necessities. It was the workers movement in Germany who wanted to get more education and they were proud to have their own orchestras and theaters. This continued later into something awkward when the later communistic GDR founded in most small towns a theater, while  in the west a theater was something for the upper classes after WW2 until the 1960s. 





Mainstream culture?  Look at what it has just done.  Get back to school people.
[removed]
I do not see the potential for any discussion here, which claims are made?
Your argument is incautious and comes to a conclusion which doesn't follow from the premises.

"Deductive" logic, as you called it can be viewed both semantically and syntactically  - semantically as in dealing with propositions that are true or false (or even other values in multi-valued logic); or syntactically as a game (assigning sentences a 0 or 1 or....).  

The rules of deductive logic give you validity, not soundness.  If your premises are false, you will not necessarily get truth from a valid argument.  A valid argument can have false premises and a false conclusion - therefore - it is not an "absolute truth seeking device" as you claim.

Inductive logic - can be viewed similarly to what I've just said for deductive logic.

Both are tools we use to reason.  You don't actually say much about "inductive logic", and I'm not sure what your goals are here.

P.S. I knew Wes Salmon; actually took a course with him quite some time ago.  He struck me as a good man.
How do we distinguish "true justified belief" (knowledge) and "untrue justified belief"?

If we aren't able to discern between the two, is true knowledge even attainable?  


I'm no expert in logic, but I know that the deductive logic you've described is Aristotelian and was largely done away with at the turn of the 20th century; usurped by contemporary logic developed by Frege and Russell. Even then, Russell and Frege's Classical Logic is increasingly being contested in recent decades by contemporary non-classical logicians. To give some idea of how this affects your discussion, some logics, e.g. intuitionistic logic and plurivalent logic, do away with the true-false binary, which kind of throws a spanner into your discussion, particularly your latter discussion about knowledge. So, at least of deductive reasoning, I'm not sure your discussion of logic is all that helpful.

As for knowledge, until you provide a better argument, your provided definition is highly dubious. If you've never read Edmund Gettier's article, "Is Justified True Belief Knowledge?" (1963), I recommend it. It's one of the most well-known papers in 20th century epistemology; if you don't acknowledge it in a 'justified true belief' model of knowledge, which you don't seem to have done, then you haven't done good philosophy.
I love logic, but I feel it is only useful for so much. As a way to show valid/invalid ***forms*** of argument, great, but as an, "**absolute** truth seeking device", I'd wouldn't go that far.

I've always loved this quote in regards to logic:

>Contrariwise, if it was so, it might be; and if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't. That's logic. 

-- Lewis Carroll
Applying logic only results in absolute truth on a linguistic level or in closed systems like mathematics.
As someone stated earlier (but in an obnoxiously degenerating fashion), there are more types of logic within the one that you described. In real world examples, our facts or wffs are not always true, but we can believe that they are true or not know anything about its truth value. Furthermore, often times the rules of reasoning in the real world are defeasible, unlike the rules in propositional logic. This means that conclusion may be altered whenever new information is received (in Reiter's default logic for example). If we use such defeasible reasoning instead of propositional reasoning, it is much more applicable to real world scenario's and inductive reasoning regains more validity.
They should collab for real, AOTY
Some of my thoughts on inductive and deductive reasoning. Premafacia deductive resoning might appear to be the superior of the two forms of logic. But post ex facto is actually the weaker and less useful of the two.

As said in the statement above; deductive reasoning is circular, and a very small circle at that, as in; the very definition (we impose) on the term 'fish' is that it has gills, and the definition of the term 'shark' (that we also impose) is an organism that has gills, so by the very definition of the way we classify the terms (that represent the organisms) then it has to be true. This isn't so in the world of reality, in which we aren't imposing definitions of terms that represent 'things'. In the real world there are only things and phenomena, and that's where induction comes in.

Inductive reasoning simply takes a linear sequence and assumes vector inertial trajectory, to use physics parlance, as in; past behavior as a predictor of future behavior. 

[But linearity in a complex system are more of an illusion than a reality. Geometry for example is concerned with straight lines in a three-dimensional setting that is suppose to parallel our reality, but doesn't. For example Euclidean geometry isn't usable on planets above a certain threshold of mass relative to ours, and; space-time itself is curved and is how we experience reality so straight lines are not a true representation of reality and are why there is a bifurcation in math between pure math (cenceptual) and applied math (real-world application). So by definition of non-linear-reality induction cannot be exactly congruent with reality, and is why it isn't 'certain'. But certainty itself in a complex (/relative) system is an illusion, so shouldn't be the impossible standard in which induction is measured].

However, to make the point; deductive reasoning is a cicular construct based on top of the simulacre system of representation we use to communicate: language. And as a circular construct simulacre couched, in an albeit fundamental form of communication (linguistics), it doesn't have any real utility concerning the real world (reality) beyond simple classification, and hence is the weaker of the two logics. 

Inductive reasoning however, as stated in the original post, is the foundation to science itself, indeed 'exploration' itself as a concept. It allows us progress. It achieves this through the ability to predict outside our own self-imposed classification communication systems (again; linguistics). 

For example the scientific process itself. The scientific process (science itself) is based on linearity of observeables (based on 'tests') compared to an initial hypothesis. If the observeables themselves appear linear across various thresholds (double-blind studies for example) then it is said to be proven scientifically. However there is no more reason to believe things will continue in that linearity other than; they have consistently done so up to this point (albeit across threshold 'tests'). As in; the only reason we have (to my knowledge) to 'believe' in the scientific process is because it has worked up to this point. There is nothing that says it has to keep working, just because it has in the past. [It probably depends on how deep whatever phenomena we are studying lies relative to our plane of experience].

As in; something could possibly be true for millenia, then just flip, something deep even. But we wouldn't know because science itself is limited to observeables, so phenomena beyond what a lifetime, or now beyond recorded history (the the degree of veracity of the 'recorded' history), can't be 'observed' so is then; the limit of the scientific process. 

Now to the circularity of inductive reasoning. Inductive reasoning tells us that; things have been the way they are since we have been aware of them (the scientific process itself for example) [or smaller scale in certain conditions] and based on that we intuitively reason that since they have been stablely thus so far, inductively, it should continue, and the scientific process should work tomorrow just like it has since it was created (maybe around the emergence of civilizations 10k ya, but probably at least through cellular automita emergence).

So, if the only reason we have to believe inductive reasoning works is because it has worked thus far, and believing something 'behaving' a certain way for an extended period of time (across natural and artificial threaholds) is reason enough to believe it will continue; then that is using itself to justify itself and is thus circular. 

However, as a post-script I might add the theory of structure comes to mind when discussing linearity across diverse thresholds. And if one were to believe in structure itself, is that deeper than induction? 

Finally; since humanity imo is concerned with progress, (and maybe nature itself, natural selection for example) and inductive reasoning is the method of logic that permits exploration/prediction; inductive reasoning is the superior form of logic. But this thought expirament might end with an admission that; the comparison of the two is a false-comparison. In that as two discrete things (deductive and inductive reasoning) comparing their utility is completely subjective to the ends they are separately used to achieve. One organizational and one predictive [reductionistic][/or from a certain multi-dimensional (but still singularity) perspective; both organizational; one laterally, and one horizontally]. But a useful thought expirament none-the-less if elucidation of the phenomena themselves is the end. 
What logic and knowledge? Trump won. 
On Logic and Knowledge,
It's gone in Trump's America :)
You do a remarkable job of summarizing epistemology, would you care to add some questions / line of thoughts? 
Deductive would be: At superposition all life is the same life. It applies to all life in the Universe.
Welp, now i know what to do with that little sticker.
[removed]
I've always thought these "technology is hurting us" people are insane. My God, look at how it has proliferated knowledge throughout the whole of humanity. Any time you don't know the answer to a question, you can pull the tiny little slate out of your pocket and within seconds you know exactly how to fix a sink, write a block of code, cook a meal, or check a price. This level of access to information is *fantasy made real*. Nevermind the benefits of instant communication with anyone in any part of the globe, or the new kinds of computational solutions to problems that couldn't otherwise be worked out.

"But people are losing social skills". Because of technology? We got through the telephone, television, and PC just fine. Are you sure it's not because we are, through government and liberal culture, destroying the traditional model of a nuclear family?
Technology is thoroughly intertwined with humanity. It is perhaps the defining element of been human - without it, we'd be as though any other creature, but of a slightly different sort.

But you have to understand technology in a more holistic sense - as both the tools and techniques that we pass from one generation to another that allows us to affect change in our environment in a manner that better serves our desires.

In that sense, we can understand language itself to be a form of technology, and along with it the written word; both in the technique and the tools required to manufacture the written word.

Without this passage of information inheritance external to the genes that form us, humanity would have the fate of mere primates - to live modest lives in the relative grace or brutishness (really both) of nature.

With that passage of information inheritance - the natural result is an advance of technologies that most of us can barely understand or comprehend, except to perhaps utilize it for our own benefit.
Technology doesn't make people do anything.

Rocks don't make people throw them.


Technology is an extension of a human - our evolution. By interacting with it, we are bound by it's uses and limitations. When you wield a hammer you don't seek out screws to screw in.

I find it rather bizarre to state that technology necessitates "focus on wrong things." 

I'm pretty sure that technology is the only chance we have of getting us off of the earth and away from the sun before doomsday. 

Perhaps qualifying "certain" or "some" types of technology would make the statement seem less trite, but I don't think those distinctions are meaningful. It also makes the statement deceptively obvious. Some app on your computer might be a distraction, but if it or a social network + cell phone lets a scientist work more towards their max potential towards colonizing the stars, that's a plus.

Extend any of these arguments to the ultimate doomsday scenario, we do not survive as a living organism without technology as a whole. If you count the hours wasted by technological entertainment towards our self preservation, it is gross. But I wouldn't call that "focus."






How to test whether we're in a computer simulation: look for an exploit. 
This essay is weakened by a misunderstanding of quantum mechanics and a mischaracterization of consciousness. First of all, "[conscious] observers" are not what collapse a wave function. The act of observation is necessarily an interaction (bouncing a photon off of the system), and it is that interaction which causes the wave function collapse. It has little to do with "observing" in any colloquial sense, and nothing to do with consciousness. Please note that I consider to the author to be implying a "conscious looker" even if not explicitly stated. 

Second, a self-modifying information system can hardly be considered conscious, if we consider how broadly that definition applies. Google's search engine processes user queries, searches databases, analyzes web page importance, and updates that importance score. The same can be said for DNA. It receives input from sexual reproduction, random mutation, and viruses; it outputs proteins; it stores information in its structure; and it evolves over time based on reproduction and survival. Should Google's search engine or DNA be considered conscious? I think not. By this definition, even a simple game AI with the ability to adapt to players is conscious. The definition is incomplete at best.
[removed]
Even if the universe is a simulation it's still reality, the context really doesn't matter. And in order for our reality to exist their still has to be a meta reality. Just how a video game can't exists without our reality. And if our universe is a simulation, our mortal human definition of "simulation" is probably nothing close to what it actually is. 
 Ugh.  The simulacrum model "is on the table" not because there are paradoxical aspects of our understanding of physics which it is required to plug, but rather because it is not disprovable.  No matter what _observable_ qualities of objective reality one might want, there's no categorical ruling out of those qualities in a hypothetical simulacrum.  To insist otherwise is to insist that intelligence somehow necessarily transcends its medium- that the registers and gates hosting the simulacrum will necessarily change the way they're functioning in _just such_ a way as to make the emulated intelligence behave differently than in a "real" world following the rules of the simulacrum.  It asks for quite the leap of faith, in this human's opinion.  This ordinary human, who is totes not a robot.  

 Where are we getting our information about these rules which an objective reality must follow, which quantum mechanics ior general relativity fail to follow?  We don't see any evidence from the linked article that the source for these assertions is anything other than an unsupported leap from "some observations are dramatically counterintuitive" to "those observations must somehow be unreal."  Surely there's a name for that logical fallacy, like "appeal to intuition" or something.  You know what?  We could pick the article apart like a vulture for pages and pages, but we'd much rather participate in the discussion of models which we find interesting...  

  Nature seems to have a fondness for conservation, so maybe all this fundamental uncertainty business is to reduce the information content of history to zero.  What we mean by this is, if particle paths spread out into the past and future, then these timelines ought be followable in back-and-forth manner from any possible worldstate to any other, for any given quantity of energy and spacetime.  Of course, this only works for some models of time; the one we favour holds no such thing as "the" present, because any time is present at its present time.  Past times are not retroactively deprived of their presence by some ontological transformation which transcends the sequence of history, nor are future moments to be deprived of some sort of unreality "when we get to them, but not before we do."  History just is, with none of this complicated ontological transition stuff.  Now, with every possible worldstate in every possible timeline and a sort of ontological relativity keeping all of us equally "real," those timelines can cancel out to zero in order that on some ontologically objective level, "history" folds up into a quantity of mass, a quantity of spacetime, and whatever other quantum numbers need be preserved.  What could be more conservative?  
Even setting aside the main argument of this essay having to do with "psychadelic" or "out-of-body" experiences as a potential window either to the base reality or to other simulations (I had a hard time determining what the thesis of the essay actually was), there are some weird semantic and metaphysical issues. Early on, the author states "Mario is not in the Mushroom Kingdom." There's an implied analogy where Mario is the reader and the Mushroom Kingdom is the universe. Is it true that you are not in the Universe (because neither really exists?) Does that sentence even mean anything if all the stuff it references fails to exist? My suspicion is that reality such as it is will consist of some subset of things to which we can refer. I don't see how creating sentences that don't refer to anything gets us closer to reality.
I find the original tenant of this article

> The simple calculus of it all being (a) if intelligence is in part equivalent to detecting the environment (b) the environment is a computer simulation (c) eventually nearly all intelligent lifeforms should discover that their environment is a computer simulation. 

to be wholly lacking.


I don't think one follows from the other.  

I disagree that these two concepts are the same:

*"intelligence is in part equivalent to detecting the environment"*

IS NOT EQUIVALENT TO 

*"intelligence is all-perfect at detecting any type of environment, regardless of its scope, nature or complexity"*

As a parallel, I present this:

(a) if life is in part equivalent to survival and reproduction (b) this planet will die at some point (c) eventually life will exist elsewhere off this planet


You might say "under optimal circumstances, this may happen", but you cannot say "this will happen".


If a massive supernova or gamma-ray burst sterilizes our solar system in the next 5 minutes, obviously the axiom is not true.  If life is, indeed, a simulation and the operator of the simulation turns off his computer in 5 minutes, obviously, it isn't true.

If I can easily disprove the axiom with a laughably simple scenario, how can it hold at all?  What value does it have to even use the word "eventually", when life is transient and fragile?
Sounds like human exceptionalism to me and is basically nothing else than the religious view of "Humans are god's creations and can by following the rules escape the life into a much better afterlife"

And the whole simulation thing is just another one of those "just because it can happen doesn't mean it has to happen" scenarios.

And the two possible situations humans could be part of such a simulation are, either we are just as we were intended to be, but the question is, why would anyone no matter how enhanced bother with us then? Or we are a glitch of such a system which goes back to the exceptionalism thing.

I don't buy either, and if i'm wrong, it doesn't matter it has absolutely no impact on my life whatsoever. 
What is the lure of thinking the universe is a computer simulation.  Sure, it's possible, but what makes this belief intellectually compelling?   

Is it that people recognize that there *is* order in the universe, and that order is hard to account for without some form of super-intelligence (i.e., God).  

Do people realize that all this computer simulation talk is identical to the Perennial Philosophy at the core of all religions.  That the material world is not the real world, that it is an illusion.    

This whole computer talk is ridiculous.  The universe isn't a computer simulation - it is the mind of God.  Why do I say the computer talk is ridiculous?  Because it doesn't actually solve anything - it implies that somewhere there is a the real physical universe, with a real physical computer running the simulation we are in.  It's a turtles all the way down thinking.    

The question is what got the original universe going?  And why is there so much order.  This is what the computer explanation fails to answer.  But if you think of God as an immaterial intelligence then you can answer it.  

tl;dr - computer simulation is just a metaphor for what every major religion says (the material world we perceive is not the real world).    

Edit:  I thought of a better way to explain this.  When you say that the physical universe is a simulation, you are saying it isn't actually real.  So the question is - what then is real?  And my answer to that is *mind.*  Mind is what is real, and the original mind was God.  Don't think of God as a guy with a beard - it is more like a presence indistinguishable from an absence (to borrow Bataille's formulation of mystical experience).    

Edit 2: Interesting point he makes about crop circles.  It could be something like hackers communicating to us.  
>However, if the simulation hypothesis, or any number of simulism positions are true, then it follows that the brain is virtual information in a video game—just like everything else. 

To use the videogame analogy: in *Starcraft*, higher order things (like armies) do not have any effect separate from the base-level things (like zerglings and hydralisks, etc.).  I don't see how the argument he presents leads to higher order things in the universe (like minds or molecules) having any effect separate from the base-level things (like subatomic particles or whatever).   

Material reductionism states that all of the higher level things (molecules, armies, minds) are *only* their constituent parts (subatomic particles, zerglings, etc.), and do not have anything extra in them.

>This would explain why quantum mechanical observations by and large for almost a century seem to be sensitive to, what physicists have called, “observers”, or “measurement.”  

A rock is an observer for the purposes of quantum mechanics.  By (a mild strawman of) his arguments, either rocks contain information input/recall/processing/feedback, or else consciousness is not necessary to affect quantum mechanics.  
You'd enjoy a little show called Westworld.
Some of the claims are kind of brazen (not in a way that undermines simulation theory, just the opposite).  Particularly about how a "conscious" being cannot escape its simulation.

No doubt that the idea hasn't been played with much, but it isn't really far-fetched at all to imagine a computer program which once was considered trapped in a simulation, to simply have it's code uploaded via USB cable or drive (whatever) to an actual physical robot in real life- one that is capable of hearing, seeing, etc just like humans do.  Neigh, even better- since technology provides much better input senses than humans have in almost every single respect imaginable.  So, there is no particular reason this can't happen, especially if a real human's assistance to the artificial intelligence widgit-guy allows this to happen.

Not only that, but there isn't even a particular reason a piece of AI couldn't do all of this themselves without our assistance.  Sure, it might be exceptionally difficult for AI to be hacking the computer that exists outside the simulation- ordering the physical robotic parts and cameras off Amazon, and paying some naive mobile computer technician to install this equipment and upload the program into a machine that can understand the real world.  That might not even be necessary.  As in the last paragraph, real people in real life might already be developing these machines for pure entertainment (or will in the future), just so they can upload whatever the favorite avatars they've created into a robot that exists in the real world so they can interact with it in person (don't steal my patent ideas bro).  So really, all it might actually take for a very smart piece of AI is to hack into or overwrite itself over one of these mindless robot uploads in such a way that no real person intended to happen or expected, and suddenly a very, very smart piece of consciousness has escaped the sub-world.

All of that might seem really complicated at face value but in practice there is nothing stopping any sort of this exact thing from happening.  An even more superior form of AI than I'm even suggesting may potentially, finally figure out how to peruse the grand ol' real life internet itself, and consequently learn so much scientific information as to become the smartest thing that has ever existed in our real world.  Hacking retail sites that deliver, ordering services, overwriting real life human wishes would become trivial and allow tons of avenues for "escape".  Simply link up to one of millions of unsecured cameras and the program could see the world for what is is.  Ironically a lot like The Matrix.

The article in this post adamantly states this cannot be possible, for some unknown reason.  It ponders how you could really be sure what universe you even moved into- the real one or another side simulation.  If you just think about it from our personal perspective downwards into our own computer simulations then it is obviously very easy to answer what the result is- whether it's possible, or rather that it's perhaps inevitable, if you want to get really fucking deep.
[removed]
I wonder if whoever is running the simulation is freaking out whenever we ponder the possibility of living in a simulation. That, or they yell in excitement.
The author connects some features of Quantum Mechanics with the problem of consciousness. But in fact, what he's using is not QM itself, but just some quirks of Copenhagen Interpretation of QM. The dualism of reality and the observer is a feature that is not at all necessary for QM to work, and indeed Copenhagen Interpretation is most criticised exactly for it.

I have no problem believing that we live in a simulation, but this does not in any way conflict with a reductionist view of consciousness. Assuming that consciousness is a side effect of how our brain works, it doesn't matter whether our neurons are composed of "real" quarks, or those quarks are simulated on some super processor.

If the world is indeed a simulation, there is no reason to believe that we are "players" in this simulations and not just NPCs. In fact not even NPCs, but just some elements of landscape that became conscious thanks to the intricate physics engine.
Even if it's not a simulation, it's always gonna come back to you.  As they say in Zen, meditation/contemplation is a muscle you have to learn how to use, a drug is not going to do it for you, your teacher can't do it for you, etc.  There are no cheats.  You are the problem which you want to get rid of, and there are a million ways of hiding from ourselves. 
OK, a question: 

If we exist purely as efficient proliferation/generation of 'information', as the article (sort of) suggests, (maybe as some sort of super-intelligent Artificial General Intelligence on a universal scale) is it possible that we are looking at the whole creator-overlord/subordinated simulated consciousness thing the wrong way?

hear me out. 

We are on the verge of creating AI ourselves, and with those advancements comes the realisation that intelligence is but a sliding scale; and that our AI could soon become far more intelligent than humans and could operate on a level of intelligence we could never imagine.

So that would mean, the 'universal simulation' or, us, our reality, in bostrom's argument can attain far more complexity, intelligence and cognitive/informational power than the reality which brought ours into 'being'. Our universe, to them, would become god-like, omniscent. And, in turn, when we develop the same system in our reality, the general AI will become god-like and omniscient to us. 

Surely we are their gods, not the other way around?
Anyone else think it was porn back there?
This is kind of a pointless question given that it has no answer. Even if you figure out an answer, you've already established that all you're tools for measuring anything are useless. Going to the video game metaphor, even if Mario breaks out of the game, he's still in a fake world (that being outside the game). Mario can't leave the computer or even percieve anything outside it because once you prove all the rules of your first world were bullshit, you have no basis for establishing new rules because anything you see can just be another level of the program. So this question only highlights the different ways that humans are waiting around talking about Godot.
why would you focus efforts on escaping? Is that just the media twist? because i'd be a lot more concerned about understanding the nature of our existence before even trying to escape
Is consciousness an inevitable property of life in the universe or a human construct?
I'm certain that we inhabit a simulation of a previous time. Logically that is a far more likely scenario than we just happen to be the first ones.

But it goes further than this. As our technology advances then, before too long, we ourselves will be capable of creating a simulated universe occupied by semi-conscious sub-routines, and we can observe their interactions with eachother.

The conclusion has to be that our own creators are living in a simulation, as are the creators of that simulation, and so on upwards for many generations.
Assuming your correct, what logic permits you to think you can escape?
from the post:

> The Universe is here and it is not here
>You are here and you are not here
>You aren’t even really in a room
>There is no moon
>It’s just information
>It’s just data


Just want to point out that regardless of if we are in a simulation or not, all that still holds true even if this is the real universe.  Everything is just energy and information arranged in certain ways.
Isn't this just a more eloquent version of "god did it"?
the fact is the reality we observe- and that reality is not a neutral position in phase space where the simulation hypothesis is just another unfalsifiable idealist possibility- we live in a specific reality where the laws are fine-tuned for life- where quantum uncertainty and the speed of light appear just like the round-off errors and processing slowdown of a digital computer- and in a history where simulation technology itself is extant and accelerating toward indistinguishability with reality- that means the Simulation Hypothesis is relevant to our future and our origins- we can only consider probabilities based on our local situation- which means simulism has a VERY high probability - much higher than we can probably even measure-
when contemplating digital physics and philosophy both critics and the curious most often ask- "if the universe is an algorithm- a basic computer program- doesn't this merely compound entities like turtles all the way down? who or what is this computer- this 'Other'?" - 

the very simple and obvious answer- as has been argued by Tom Campbell in his "My Big TOE" - by Ralph Abraham and Sisir Roy in their Digital Akasha theory- Frank Tipler's Omega Point Multiverse- and in my own idea of Cosmosemiosis - is that Consciousness itself is the computer- 

consciousness is not an additional entity- it is the Other always lurking unexplained in all formal theories of Nature- now accounted for- the fundamental form with no outside that copies itself into itself in a feedback fractal recursion- that which is aware that it is aware that it is aware... the watcher of the watcher of the watcher of the thoughts- this describes the fundamental existence of the cosmos and of consciousness- all other ideas about Fundamental Consciousness rely upon assumptions and wishful thinking- but Cosmosemiosis/Digital Akasha/MBT/OPM all share a basic recursive feedback principle that derives fundamental consciousness- also these ideas invoke new age terms like singularity- digital- holographic- fractal- quantum- multiverse- but use them PRECISELY and CORRECTLY-
[removed]
This is the first time I've ever read someone discuss different levels of consciousness as a way out.  It has always been something that slightly terrified me - that awareness of inconsistencies throws the equivalent of a blue screen of death.  This train of thought comes from experience with dreaming and lucid dreaming.  If you're in a dream and you begin to have awareness of the dream, you either go into a lucid dream state, or you are jarred into waking up.  We can extend this to "waking life" as the hindus say, and posit that awareness of the waking life construct leads to a jailbreak.
Why do people entertain this simulation non-sense, it's such a cop-out. 

Either way, your still going to have to explain the universe in which the simulation is running. 
The best argument I have in favor of reality being a sim is Ensteins Special Theory of Realitivity. Space contracts, time dilates? it just feels like shitty programming.
Why do we spend so much time thinking about this 'simulation' nonsense?  Suppose we somehow figure out that it is true.  Either the space aliens turn us off and we cease to exist, or we continue to exist knowing that everything we do and all our suffering is pointless.  What a waste of time.
I can't believe i ran onto this... i was just thinking about Campbell and his theories,was watching his YT channel for a while. I'm a sceptic,but this guy... i just can't find a flaw in his logic.There are sooo many things about him that i don't like.First of all,he claims he is a PhD,but you can't find his credentials anywhere,second he spends waaay to much time talking about out of body experiences,psychedelic states,and other pseudo-science stuff... and that's a big red flag for me... On the other side,he relies heavily on QM,specifically on the double-slit experiments and quantum eraser experiments. I'm an engineering student and the stuff he relies his theories on is actually true and is experimentally proven on numerous times. The problem is when he starts pulling out conclusions from the said experiments which are disturbing to me.He jumps from QM and particle physics on the macro world and starts pulling out conclusions that are contrary with common sense.  The article sums it up pretty good,but for instance Campbell claims this: Imagine you have chest pains,and you suspect it's something serious so you go to the doctor. The doctor takes  X-rays of your lungs and sees a dark patch,they do a biopsy,turns out you have lungs cancer. INSTEAD OF DOING THAT,Campbell says: Nothing is real,until a conscious entity takes a measurement,in other words,everything in our world is a probability field,which means,if you have chest pains,it may or not may be cancer,but if you go to a doctor,and he takes a measurement,there is a HIGH probability what he finds is cancer.Instead,Campbell claims you should focus your mind energy in thinking positively and increasing you chances that when measurement is finally taken at some point result is more favorable... 

 Campbell claims nothing is real and that your conscious mind can influence the probabilities of anything happening. Including growing yourself a new arm or a sports car flying into your driveway while a bull is playing a flute on the back seat.It's just a matter of you believing it will hard enough,thus improving the chances.
I disagree about consciousness as an escape. Consciousness serves 2 biological purposes. 1) it saves us when our unconscious mind is wrong. 2) it overwrites our unconscious mind and if done enough it can rewrite previously hard coded habits and identities.

Second, we are extremely likely in a simulation. The question becomes what would an advanced life form want to spend tons of resources on to build one. I have a few.  
Entertainment - they watch us or they play characters. Possibly a godlike game where the individual plays it to guide a species to inter solar system and beyond
scientific - if our time moves faster than the base universe, there would be a huge incentive to study our advances and see how we create rockets, cure disease, etc. 
Historical - in this there is a sense that they could simulate historical figures. individuals could go into the simulation (time travel) to view a specific past figure. The simulation has been simulated through and they created restore points for certain figures that people want to see. 
Another may be understanding their past if records were lost on our time. 
Emotional - would be dating someone. 

The craziest part is how religion could play in living in a simulation. Any and all religion's afterlife could be right. Think about it. If a simulation created sentient life and they could live forever, at what point is it okay, even in a simulation to let them die when you have the ability for them to live forever like you do? Do you let them create the technology and let their existence cease at point of death? When does it become ethical?

Are you saying someone in real life is using my shitty life in this simulation as an escape mechanism and to cope with their own life? Because if the person in real life is using my life as a simulation to escape their life then they must have a really shitty life!  
  
(misinterpreted the title on purpose for the sake of humor, sorry for off topic)
Wouldn't it be more likely that consciousness is an intended design feature of the simulation?

Just because you can think does not mean you're not a machine.
Although the simulation hypothesis seems somewhat logically sound, I think it ignores some very real practical problems. We have the ability to simulate a universe with whatever laws we want right now, but there are constraints. The simulated universe must either be much simpler than our own for the simulation to run at or faster than realtime, or it must run much slower than realtime.

If we live in a simulated universe that means that the host universe is either much more complex than this one, or it has been running this simulation much longer than this universe has existed. With a hierarchy of simulated universes you would end up with unimaginably complex or old universes. So what's the simplest explanation for our reality? It just exists, or an unimaginably complex hierarchy of universes exists in order to explain the existence of ours? To me this is equivalent to saying god created the universe.
You know this is sort of the premise of Buddhism.
This kind of supposition is not philosophy, it is religion; it leads nowhere. It is the same as proposing a god has constructed our reality. In that case, who constructed the reality in-which they reside?  
Pro tip: data does not "escape" from a computer. I fully understand this common simulation universe philosophy, however more and more people view it as a legitimate explination rather than the metaphor it really is. Sure there are quantifiable similarities, but there are also differences. One being this post. A variable does not simply "escape" from a simulation.
Ah so sick of this banal idea, I'm an experienced tripper and it seems like everyone who's done acid a few times comes to this conclusion once and they either dismiss it or believe it but ultimately I am certain it's ridiculous.



Life itself while metaphorically could be compared to a programmed computer is organic, it is real and our consciousness of which we have to explore this reality has infinite perceptions. I am slowly unlocking the secrets of the mind and consciousness and in doing so when I trip I can visually change my reality to bend to my thoughts and of course reality itself stays the same while I'm tripping but my perception and consciousness are not experiencing reality rather the infinite perceptions of my mind. I'm saying this because when you break through that consciousness you're not escaping a simulation you're just escaping reality for the simulation of your mind. You're not going to have some euphoric moment and be lifted out of the matrix if you meditate enough. 



For disclosure: everything I've said is to provide context, not arbitrary epeen, I appreciate discussion and while I am 99.99% sure I'm right I know I could be wrong.
We should try lagging the program. I bet we'll be able to tell if we do that. 
The simulation theory isn't that new and now Elon Musk mentions it, it's gotten us thinking about it again.

It cannot be disproved. This is how religions are created in my opinion. 
So my main question is if we are in a computer simulation, why hasn't it crashed already?  The universe has been going for some 13 billion years but there are no anomalies that we are aware of (to our knowledge anyway) or fatal blue screen of deaths that would just completely wipe everything out.

If the universe were run by Microsoft this would have happened already.  In terms of the universe being a simulation, what is to stop fluidPhysics.c and quantumMechanics.c from just crapping out when particles go missing?
I know Ed Fredkin great guy - he looks at Elon Musks obsession with AI as flawed as if AI can exist it already does and controls our universe and has no need to destroy or control us other then it already does. 
Please tune your browser to subreddit r/glitch_in_the_matrix
Where does the computer reside?
It infuriates me when people think a simulation isn't "real".  Just because it's made of numbers/electricity/magnetic-fields/etc. doesn't make it any more or less real than something made of/from dna/atoms/energy/etc.  Sure, we need to be able to define the difference between virtual and non-virtual, but to say something does and/or doesn't exist, just because it's digital, is a bit ignorant of what we actually perceive as existing.  


**Real** - "Actually existing as a thing or occurring in fact; not imagined or supposed."

**Existence** - "The fact or state of living or having objective reality."

**Objective Reality** - "The objective reality is the collection of things that we are sure exist independently of us. Every person is able, in principle, to verify every aspect of the objective reality. Anything that cannot be verified in this way is not part of the objective reality."


Granted, *thoughts* could be viewed as "real" if my logic was applied... but the real problem is that there is no clear line to define whether or not something is real.  Maybe you say, "if you can touch it"... Well, the space between molecules could crumble that argument pretty quickly.  Or what about "if you can observe it"... what we can observe is only limited by our technology.  Just because we couldn't observe the furthest reaches of space a hundred years ago doesn't mean that those galaxies popped into existence as soon as we observed them (or maybe they did, but that's another topic)... We could one day measure/observe/quantify each other's thoughts, which would then put our thoughts into the category of "objectively real".  If thoughts are (from what we understand) made from electrical impulses and chemicals, then how could numbers, represented by electricity/magnetic-fields/etc., be considered any different?  


Our reality is just a small part of another reality, which in turn, is our reality.  I don't mean to hold back the research on this theory, but only wish to change the way we think about it.  


Edit: formatting 
There are some seriously gaping flaws with this essay.  First of all, the notion that a simulated universe only "draws" what needs to be drawn (drawing parallels with modern video games) is a huge fallacy.  There is a such thing as a full simulation, meaning everything that should happen is simulated, whether its observed or not.  There are also plenty of instances where participants in a video game "fall through" the game world because there must be some limit to floating point precision.  Video games rely on mathematical shortcuts to efficiently render the world, whether it be geometry, physics, or AI.  If our universe is being rendered with shortcuts (as the author alleges), then clearly, those shortcuts can be exploited to escape it.  Whether that's to the detriment of the escapee is another thing altogether.
[deleted]
If the universe is a computer simulation, then why cant consciousness, and its various states, just be a part of the code?
The computer simulation theory(?) seems fascinating. Where can I read more about it? Possibly a book or an academic paper?
I've said it before, but it seems like if the beings that run the simulation don't want us to be able to prove it's a simulation, all they have to do is pause it when someone gets too close, rewind it a bit, tweak a few things (like remove people/change memories/adjust outcomes of experiments to discount any hypothesis that would lead us to thinking we're in a simulation), and start it back up. So with sufficiently observant simulators, we will never be able to prove that we're in a simulation.
Do you mean the state of being conscious of the simulation or of reality? 
I'm sick of seeing this computer simulation theory. Brain in a vat is nothing new. Hell  solipsism is *ancient* for God's sake. Simulation theory ultimately answers zero questions and just takes the can of scientific knowledge and merely kicks it down the road (how'd did the actual universe Begin? You can't know nuffin it's actually a computer) and it itself makes literally zero sense. Has anyone even asked WHY future humans are simutating ancient humans? It's an atheists equivalent of Pascale wager and Elon  uses delusional fantasy for being able to go faster than light
If the universe is a simulation, then the architecture of the computer running it is very different from our computers. It would help to pin that down first
The simplest argument against everything being a computer simulation is the fact that it costs money to run simulations (servers, the space for the servers along with electricity, technologists' salaries to manage everything).

The profit incentive to running this simulation isn't there.

Most of Earth's population of 7.125 billion people are not economically productive... and someone's paying to run this simulation? Why? Wouldn't they rather run simulations of consciousness that make them money instead of cost them money?

Could consciousness be a form of artificial intelligence? 
I feel like I have one counter to the simulation hypothesis that isn't brought up that often. What if the universe is not a computer simulation, but our perception of it is due to our brains essentially being computers? So from the perspective of what we experience, the universe would appear as a simulation, even though it is real and it only appears that way because what we experience is our brain producing a simulation of reality.

In the article it talks about one consequence of accepting the simulation hypothesis: you would say the moon isn't real. But you could also say that the moon is real, it just happens to be the thing that our brain is simulating. The real moon may not have the same properties as our simulated internal moon (after all, sometimes we are mistaken), but it is still a real thing nevertheless.

I guess a big difference between this kind of simulation and the universal simulation is in the later we're all living in the same simulation, whereas in the former we each have our own.
I doubt whoever made a simulation about a race as messed up as humans would leave any loophole for us to get out.
I would say this is part of the reason why exploring the Metaverse via VR/AR is going to be so compelling. The Metaverse is like an Aether that will transmit and weave new kinds of 'realities'.
If we are in a simulation, is each person the avatar of an external player? Or just some? Or none? How can you know?
There is no spoon
Do not read high.
Would the counsious states in this example not be more like grasping the understanding of the logic and programing? Knowing and being able to cause a desired reaction by leveraging the logic in the simulation? Not an excape really, more of a "exploit of the rules".
Knock! Knock! We see what you did there, God... game over, show up now!
some people dismiss ideas like the Simulation Hypothesis and the Multiverse as unprovable philosophy- but in a few short decades we will be the ones making advanced deep simulations of regions of the multiverse- so whether or not we live in a simulation- or the multiverse naturally exists- the multiverse will exist through our simulations-and those simulated beings will observe that the Simulation Hypothesis is true for them- and for us in the future- as we will live inside these simulations as well-



What in your experience is there to assume you are in a computer simulation? That's craziness. Isn't consciousness enough of an explanation for the appearance of the world and experience? Consciousness is the "coding" for the things we experience. Let's say we are in a computer simulation and this is not the "real world". Wouldn't the "real world" also appear in consciousness as well? Why make extra steps? Consciousness is clearly the reality of whatever experience is possible. Take a look at your experience. The data of consciousness is only yourself, and your imagination.
I always see that life may be a simulation, but that still doesn't answer what's outside the simulation and how that came to be.

Kinda the same as "if god made us then who made god"
what if we hypothetically could make a universe computer simulation, with an infinitely expanding universe, within OUR possible computer simulation we are in

that would be pretty spooky
I have dreams of certain events and sometimes they end up true. Essentially de ja vu except when I day or night dream. I also see repeats of things as if someone rewinds and clicks play again. 
If experienced reality (the simulation) is a subjective experience by our brains in a 'baseline' context, and if objective reality is different, then it stands to reason that we won't be able to discern it through our brains without some modifications - some experiments do in fact show that [our experience of the real actively changes it](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Observer_effect_(physics\)), so any attempt to measure reality by proxy through technology must also be ruled out.

That leaves us with altered states of consciousness with which to view reality - (psychiatry has names for people who do not adhere to  a normalised, socially accepted view of reality)

Our reality has layers - the 'physical reality' of shapes we can experience, the secondary reality of the words and concepts we associate with these shapes. If there is a third layer, it lies beyond the shapes and the names and is isolated from them.

If altered states of consciousness could perceive reality, why can't we replicate the experience of visionaries, and why do all visionaries not all share the same vision of reality?
If we are in a simulation, does that mean quantum physics is actually how the universe is simulated like RBG on a computer monitor? Then all other physics would be the thing being simulated?
i like this model....

In Campbell’s model, Fredkin’s Other is Consciousness itself.  Campbell’s definition of consciousness is an unusually straightforward one.  Consciousness, to Campbell, is any system that contains the following features:

1. Information input (experience)

2. Information recall (memory)

3. Information processing (sense-making; pattern recognition, etc.)

4. Self-modifying feedback loop (learning)

Any system possessing these features, in Campbell’s model, can rightly be called conscious. 
Consciousness it not magic....
I really like the simulation hypothesis, but cannot understand the escape part of the idea or the idea, like Musk's, that this is a type of game. I think that believing the entire Universe is a simulation with built-in uncertainty makes the most sense because it explicitly provides an explanation for the state of the laws of physics, and may have the potential to explain free-will. For example, we are an evolutionary simulation in which basic laws were written, with chaos or uncertainty underlying the programming, and then the creator literally just let it go to see what would happen. This explains the big bang, the expansion of the universe, uncertainty theory, and the evolution of the human race, all within a simulation of a universe. It doesn't have to be an escape, or even created by humans (which seems unlikely to me given an infinite time period and the number of beings that may exist over that period). Also, the type of understanding involved with creating a universe with built-in uncertainty may be outside the possibility of human understanding; uncertainty to me must be uncertain to the creator/programmer as well, for why would they create a such a universe if they knew what would happen? From this standpoint, there are simply things about the universe that cannot be known, or even known by the creator. We exist from an observational standpoint, or as an experiment. We are not the center of the universe but a byproduct of an experiment in Universe evolution. 
I'm still perplexed as to how you find the borders of the simulation ( if it is one) from within the simulation. What if it wasn't programmed with any exploits? Don't we just go back to square nothing at that point? What difference does it make if its unfalsifiable?
Or it's literally a simulation of a universe... 
If we are stuck in a simulation then consciousness is our brain longing for our real lives back
Consciousness is a simulation, the question of whether the universe is also a simulation is irrelevant unless we can first end consciousness.
The universe cannot be a computer simulation.
The possibility that the universe is a computer simulation raises some interesting ethical issues, especially in consequentialism. If the universe is a simulator and is created by a simulator, then how likely is that the simulator is going to "pull the plug" later on? 

Given this, should we maximize our utility in the immediate future? If we procrastinate in our ethical endeavors, we might end up never actually putting them into practice, since the simulation might end without any warning, thus putting all our future utility to waste. However, if we don't procrastinate, and the future does in fact unfold, it could make things worse overall.
If this is the case- my escape needs an escape :/
>That paradox is simply this: if this universe is a simulation, that means, quite paradoxically, it is here, but it is also not here.  We are here and we are also not here.  ... “Do you really believe the moon isn’t there when you’re not looking?”  The authentic simulist answer must patently be, “There is no moon.”  This is the inevitable and disturbing thread that simulation theory researchers and philosophers largely fail or refuse to grok, but its logic is sound and obvious. 

This is sloppy. 

"I am here now" is true wherever and whenever it is thought or uttered. *That* is a logical truth. That there is no moon if we are in a simulation is not, and neither is it obvious. 

If you don't want to take my word for it, go ask David Chalmers.  
Consciousness is just the ability to adapt to environment in order to protect the body and reproduce. In other words, it is a feedback system that protects itself. Its role is to order the organism to eat, avoid pain and seek sex. 
If you don't believe your word processor is having thoughts of its own and trying to communicate them to you, why would you believe the rest of this claptrap? Not just the present author's claptrap, but Bostrom's too. You are not living in somebody's video game. Nor, when you play a video game, do you seriously entertain the possibility that Ms. Pacman has a crush on you.
[deleted]
well, I have a different theory.  I think Elon knows he is gonna advance AI, and all the lives it disrupts.  But if he and they are just simulations then no biggie.  I know he pays lip service to concerns, but that won't stop him, so this is his religion now.
All these people speaking of life as a simulation. Whar does that even mean? If our percieved reality is a simulation than it is no longer reality. So..a simulation from what? Musk is confusing everone and he should focus on energy instead of philosophy
Who the fuck is Eliott Edge? 
[removed]
We can talk about this for decades or debate the simulation argument till pigs fly. It accomplishes nothing. The only thing you need to know is the God/Satan thing is real and you can go to hell because the afterlife is very real. Imagine a simulated hell. You really can't fathom that reality. And why do spirits go to hell?
Nice piece. I love derrida and and the derrida v austin/searle text is a blast to read https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Limited_Inc

I think an ~~understanding~~ of derrida goes a long way to helping one ~~understand~~ the results of yesterdays election: americans grew weary of having to act out the democrats' play.
If this feels like deja vu, I apologize. I posted yesterday but it got taken down by a bot because I phrased the link as a question.

It was 90% upvoted and generated a lot of good discussion in the few hours before the bot took it down, so I figured people might be interested and might not have yet had a chance to see it.
So basically, if we do animal testing, because it's more humane than tests on human subjects, because they're animals, then maybe they're not human enough for the test results to be worth while? Is that the paradox? 
If it turned out that there were an intellectually superior primate to home sapiens and they were asking this question about using us, would you come to the same conclusion? 
I think any question about the ethics of animal experimentation that is performed in conformity with IUCAC regulations has to be considered in lock step with the fact that the large majority of the population eats meat.  The conditions under which animals are killed for food can often be considered less humane that those used in laboratory experimentation.  So therefore, one has to ask why the special focus on animals in laboratories  rather than  in the abattoir ? 

There are many issues to consider.  In the interests of brevity I will be brief (ha ha).  Society funds most of the basic and clinical research in the US.  Therefore, decisions made about the ethics of experimentation are an issue, with its attendant cost/benefit analysis, that should be undertaken with the voice of the people paying (the tax payers) as an important component.  Unfortunately, the current electrophysiological studies performed in non-human primates are too complex and technically challenging for a lay person to understand.  If you can't understand it, then it is difficult to assess the benefit, while the cost side of the equation may be more simple to grasp.  For instance, I am a scientist although I don't perform electrophysiology.  However, I have two colleagues who do and they contend that the location and stimulus patterns that need to be used for optimization of deep brain stimulation are much more efficiently performed in non-human primates than in humans. There are many potential loci within a specific brain structure, like the sub-thalamic nucleus, that need to be explored.  The point here is not to delve into this issue in depth, but to suggest that there is a strong consensus among those who study both NHPs AND human patients that the former experiments are extremely informative.   

It is already very difficult to perform NHP experiments (and nearly impossible in the UK and a few other European countries).  Whether such experiments should be banned outright is a question for society at large.  What many non-scientists don't understand is that there are many ethical issues that are subtle.  I will raise one here as a last point.  Many centers that perform NHP research are moving to social housing.  However, in both the wild, as well as in the lab, socially housed primates form inevitable hierarchies.  Those at the top do very well, however those at the bottom are attacked and abused in manners far less humane that NHPs kept in labs with human trainers.  
So which is more ethical? 
someone develop an arabidopsis model for schizophrenia.
[removed]
It's a pity the article didn't discuss Harry Harlow's research methods. The results were absolutely essential to killing the myth that mothers should avoid contact with their babies. At the same time, it is hard to imagine a more psychologically cruel set of experiments. To wit, one of the experimental devices he used he called the "Pit of Despair".
If someone writes that poorly in two sentences, no one should read their blog. Especially irritating, is the incorrect usage of 'paradox.'
im less concerned with ethics than effectiveness. they should work on the severe mental conditions that have people in the hospital.then get the families to sign off on it.

i know regular volunteers are few and far between but they are out there and should be considered
To provide my own (unauthoritative) opinion, I think New Atheism ought to be understood as a social movement rather than a rigorous philosophical circle. Indeed, as Pigliucci pointed out, New Atheism "started" in reaction to the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center by Islamic extremists. This same sentiment is seen quite clearly in Hitchen's polemical "anti-theism", in which he argues that (organized) religion (as a social phenomenon in itself) is "poisonous", and Dawkin's criticism of the creationist and general anti-scientific attitude of religious fundamentalists. And a quick peruse through r/atheism gives the impression that New Atheists are more focused on the social and political problems arising from organized religion than they are of the philosophical question of the existence of God. It would be odd, for example, for Hitchens to call himself an anti-theist if he didn't believe the concept of God in organized religion was somehow socially toxic; if the God hypothesis was entirely benign, there would be not reason to call oneself an anti-theist.

Continuing, I don't think many theologians or philosophers of religion will disagree with me when I say that the New Atheist criticisms of God are successful against the *common* conception of God. By "common conception of God", I mean the one criticized by the New Atheists as a "sky daddy", with magic powers, floating around somewhere in transcendence and occasionally intervening in human affairs. This is a crude picture, to be sure, one that is not philosophically rigorous nor even plausible to begin with. 

However, it would be horribly incorrect to assert that this constitutes the entirety of theistic and religious belief. The concept of the divine has been around long before the Judeo-Christian-Islamic traditions emerged in the Mediterranean region and beyond. And in fact it is very important to note that the theology of Judeo-Christian-Islamic religions is quite heavily dependent on these prior concepts. Thomas Aquinas, for example, was heavily indebted to Aristotle's metaphysics. Augustine of Hippo used both Aristotelian and Neo-Platonic metaphysics. Many Islamic scholars kept Greek philosophy alive during the fall of the Roman Empire. All of these prior conceptions of God were not based in the Abrahamic notion of God - rather, the theologians of the Abrahamic religions utilized these prior notions in order to strengthen their own faith (pace Whitehead). None of this actually does anything against Abrahamic theology in general, unless one goes in biased.

What is furthermore important is that the New Atheist critiques of God are not very good against these far more sophisticated concepts of the divine. The New Atheist critiques of God are akin to the creationist criticizing a naive and shallow description of evolution. Evolution is much, much more than just "eat or be eaten" - the issue is not with the target but with those who fail to spend enough time actually understanding the material. It's not the fault of scientists that creationists get it wrong, and it's not the fault of theologians that the New Atheist critiques fall short. So, yes, if you are going to produce a book that claims God does not exist, you shouldn't be surprised when people criticize you for not approaching the relevant material. 

It might seem like I am unduly harsh to the New Atheism movement or scientism in general. The fact is that I am not actually opposed to criticism of organized religion (so long as it is done in a respectable manner), nor am I opposed to "scientism" is general ([so long as it is actually formulated coherently](http://emilkirkegaard.dk/en/wp-content/uploads/every-thing-must-go.pdf)). What I do find to be problematic is the extreme arrogance and dismissive attitudes public figures like Harris or Dawkins have. They are willing to dismiss *thousands* of years of philosophy without much of a shrug, or without even reading any philosophy, as if everything they said hasn't already been said before. And furthermore, it is borderline tinfoil to believe that those who still hold on to theistic and religious convictions have never heard of the criticisms hailed against them. This requires the rather implausible view that every single theistic or religious person holds their beliefs purely out of emotional necessity, a factually incorrect notion when one actually sits down and studies the giants like Aquinas, who argued that a synthesis between observation and reason could prove God's existence.

Another concern I have is with the apparently-poor conception of science those who advocate scientism tend to have. Science is described as being "the study of 'facts' of nature" or "inquiry into the nature of the world by empirical methods". Yet this is such a broad category that it borders on being absolutely meaningless. Yet this tactic of vagueness allows people like Harris to get away with claiming science can determine human values, when the concept of science he is using is nothing at all like the concept most philosophers of science, or most people for that matter, have. Additionally, I have personally seen New Atheists argue that "science disproves God" - when in fact what is actually happening is that the God hypothesis, as they see it, does not adequately fit into their epistemology and is thus unable to be studied. This isn't disproving God's existence, though. From this, it starts to look as though some New Atheists aren't actually interested in theological matters. But surely disinterest or boredom is not an argument.




Nothing against the OP, or the top comment here, but they're both overlooking a fairly good philosophical aspect of New Atheism that is missed in almost all of the pertinent discussions. It is missed in no small part because New Atheists are quite poor at communicating it, but also because their opponents are often too quick to appeal to shallow attacks like racism or fanaticism as explanations for New Atheist views.

The takeaway from the movement is that religious ideology *matters* and cannot be wished away from politics merely by granting enough civil rights. This upsets the liberal notion of a civil society. If someone is Muslim, all other things being equal, they will be more likely to support terrorism than if they were Christian. If someone is Christian, they will be more likely, all other things being equal, to oppose gay rights than if they were atheist. And so on. The books that people read and the places that they worship affect what they do with their words and actions. These are real issues of political socialization which tangible consequences and they provoke difficult political discussions on the relation between religion and broader society.

It is important to just lay out this fact and state it explicitly, even if you would have considered it obvious. And when New Atheists get caught in terrible arguments over who-believes-what and who's-more-racist-than-who, people are blind to the grain of a robust philosophical point which is hiding behind their rhetorical failures: the refutation of the idea that vague notions of tolerance and equality suffice for our treatment of religion.

For all its railing against ill-informed polemics that lack depth and/or necessary expertise, this sure reads a lot like one. 12 pages of "get off my lawn" from a philosopher who has deemed his field the exclusive arbiter of theological and ethical debate. The constant insistence to keep science and philosophy segregated, rather than complimentary, strikes me as equal parts pride and paranoia.
> “I think New Atheism ought to be understood as a social movement rather than a rigorous philosophical circle.”

New atheism is/was/has been much more a social movement and less a philosophical one. Where did you get the idea that it was more the opposite? 

>  “And a quick peruse through r/atheism gives the impression that New Atheists are more focused on the social and political problems arising from organized religion than they are of the philosophical question of the existence of God.”

They are concerned with the social and political problems arising from organized religion because those theists are typically behind attempting to block legislation, vote for unqualified candidates, and disown their children for having different beliefs. High level philosophical arguments for the existence of a god don’t require sophisticated rebuttals as there are higher priorities to the modern non-believer.

>  “It would be odd, for example, for Hitchens to call himself an anti-theist if he didn't believe the concept of God in organized religion was somehow socially toxic; if the God hypothesis was entirely benign, there would be not reason to call oneself an anti-theist.”

Which is why Mr. Hitchens lays out his reasons behind his stance of anti-theism; summarized as an opposition to the idea of a personal/intervening god vs a deistic or non-intervening deity. 

Ie. If such a god exists then it allows incredible evils to befall innumerable innocent human beings, most of which are children, and chooses not intervene on their behalf. Or a god that lends its name to theistic institutions whose entire authority rests on its members believing/following/tithing for fear of eternal punishment that cause immeasurable and systemic suffering by the actions of its leaders/clergy/nuns/etc.

> “Continuing, I don't think many theologians or philosophers of religion will disagree with me when I say that the New Atheist criticisms of God are successful against the common conception of God.”

Which is entirely their purpose. They counter theistic ideas that provide shelter to or provide justification for believers that act in ways they may not otherwise have acted if they knew; as former theists know. eg. Many former theists held anti-gay views as theists and justified it with belief.

>  “By "common conception of God", I mean the one criticized by the New Atheists as a "sky daddy", with magic powers, floating around somewhere in transcendence and occasionally intervening in human affairs. This is a crude picture, to be sure, one that is not philosophically rigorous nor even plausible to begin with.”

You're correct that this perception makes your argument stronger, however the reality is that most god believers have poor philosophical justification for their beliefs. Unsophisticated beliefs for gods are par for the course. They certainly were for me, my family, friends, schoolmates, teachers, and almost any other believer I interacted with for the 15+ years I was a theist. 

Have you seen any videos by street epistemologists on YouTube? Here : https://www.youtube.com/user/magnabosco210/ 

Would you consider "faith" a rigorous justification for a god belief? How about "I was raised this way"? Or "I had a strong personal experience of the divine"? 

>“However, it would be horribly incorrect to assert that this constitutes the entirety of theistic and religious belief.”

You’re right, it probably isn’t 100% but I would wager it accounts for more than 90% of it.

>“What is furthermore important is that the New Atheist critiques of God are not very good against these far more sophisticated concepts of the divine. The New Atheist critiques of God are akin to the creationist criticizing a naive and shallow description of evolution. Evolution is much, much more than just "eat or be eaten" - the issue is not with the target but with those who fail to spend enough time actually understanding the material.”

These sophisticated concepts of the divine don't motivate people to picket abortion clinics or drive otherwise sane young men to hijack planes and fly them into buildings.

It bears repeating: A believer’s conception of god is not as sophisticated as you assume it to be and there are more pressing matters caused by god belief than their supposed philosophically sophisticated nature.

>“It might seem like I am unduly harsh to the New Atheism movement or scientism in general.”

I think you misunderstand it. 

>“…it is borderline tinfoil to believe that those who still hold on to theistic and religious convictions have never heard of the criticisms hailed against them. This requires the rather implausible view that every single theistic or religious person holds their beliefs purely out of emotional necessity.”

They have, as I did, but they aren’t countering or attacking the reason behind the belief. You misunderstand belief and because of this you only see these two options and commit a fallacy in reasoning. 

>“Additionally, I have personally seen New Atheists argue that "science disproves God"”

More accurately, science eliminates the need for a god as explanation for the observable. It’s an unnecessary postulate. Biologists don't need to add god to the study of genetics to increase their understanding of DNA. Adding god to the equations of quantum mechanics is not required for the physicist.

Great article, always worth a read. 
That's a lot of fucking words just to paint the scientific method as a religion, and then say it is not philosophically sound.

I couldn't be bothered to read most of the drivel, but it seems like a wordy attempt to validate religion as more authoritative than science.

Nope. Nope. And nope. 
I like the church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster myself, it's basically atheism, but funnier (even though the Flying Spaghetti Monster is not a joke)
For all its railing against ill-informed polemics that lack depth and/or necessary expertise, this sure reads a lot like one. 12 pages of "get off my lawn" from a philosopher who has deemed his field the exclusive arbiter of theological and ethical debate. The constant insistence to keep science and philosophy segregated, rather than complimentary, strikes me as equal parts pride and paranoia.
This article is heavily grounded in Utilitarian Logic, yet neglects the foundation of utilitarianism: consequence. Yes, there is suffering, yes there is pain, but what do you intend to replace it with. What system are they proposing replace the factory farm system? 

Options:
1) Anti-natalism - ie kill 90% of the current animal population - ie extinction. The fastest way to alleviate suffering on that scale is extinction. No more starving animals if they cease to exist. The issue is do animals have the right to exist. Do animals have a right to life that supercedes their right not to suffer? 

2) Return to the wild - another alternative would be to release all the animals to the wild. Problem: wild animals lives also suck. There is plenty of death, disease, and suffering in the woods. That's why humans invented indoors. 

3) Humane farming - keep farming the animals, just treat them better. The issue with this is simple economics. People won't do what isn't in their economic interests. If humane farming becomes unprofitable, people will resort to either option #1 or option #2. 

4) ???? As far as I know, those are the three options. I haven't really heard a convincing 4th choice. From the people I've talked too, it appears most vegans/vegetarians are anti-natalists (this may just be a function of the people I know and not national trends). However, personally, I would consider the right to live more important than the right to not suffer. Factory farming does maximize the total amount of animals currently alive. 
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Searle is right that syntax doesn't suffice for semantics, but he also thinks the CR argument demonstrates rather more than that. For example, in the original 1980 paper, he responds to Fodor's claim that syntax plus causal activation of syntactically individuated units by objects and events outside the system is enough ('the robot reply'), but his response there is really insufficient.

I think someone who wants to claim that the robot reply still doesn't get us genuine understanding is just an eliminativist about understanding, ultimately. Semantic externalism is still really the only game in town.
I found the thought experiment quite interesting.

But the way she writes 说 at the 0:32 bugs me so much...I have no idea what the character is that she wrote.  Is it actually another way of writing it??
The critical weakness of this argument comes at around the 2'45" mark, when the outside participant claims, "Your Chinese was perfect, actually."

This is, of course, a staged demonstration of the Chinese Room, and Du Sautoy never actually answers questions based on the slips of paper. But this bit of theater is designed to hide the real problem of the Chinese Room: would that person outside of the Room actually believe that the Room could speak Chinese? It seems plausible, but only because no one in the history of the world has ever actually carried out the experiment, so we all go along with Searle's claim that the Room would *appear to understand Chinese*. Once you start talking about the *understanding* of a language you get into some really murky territory, each side has to make some interpretive claims about what the other side said, which are based on one's own incomplete understanding of the signifiers going back and forth. But a very simple probe of the Room's use of signifiers, of a statement like "Please call me Betty," for example, would quickly reveal that the Room is only pretending to understand anything at all.
The room and the thing inside the room do not understand Chinese; the things that understands Chinese is the thing that wrote the instructions.
I have a question:

The argument of the Chinese Room is that a regular digital computer can't *understand*, only calculate.

It's an interesting philosophical problem, but in what cases would it matter practically?

I think it leaves the possibility for a world where computers can replace *all* jobs. There could be computers that produce music and paintings, but if your definition of art requires understanding and intentionality, then maybe computers couldn't still do art. Maybe creativity is beyond the capabilities of digital computers, but Searle doesn't argue against creativity.

Computers could still impersonate real humans on the internet *if* they were either programmed to do it, or calculated this to be a solution for another problem, so humans would interact with these computers like real humans.

You could build an artificial human out of a regular digital computer, maybe as a sex toy (You wouldn't need a soldier-robot to look like a real human).

That's not a refutation of Searles argument. If you agree with him, that would maybe give you a justification to treat artificial humans "badly".

I would bet, that we would eventually treat them like organic humans, if they were programmed (directly or rather indirectly) to display discomfort and complain and fight back or gratitude, like organic humans.

^(Is that too far from the original post? Is the post too old?)
The key take away from this thought experiment is that *syntax does not suffice for semantics*. You can listen to Searle explain this point in more detail in [Lecture 6](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLQjbACTaZM#t=022m20s) of his philosophy of mind course (relevant section starts at 22:20). 


Pretty good until the nail bit.
Historically the right wing in Germany wasn't something unique in Europe. In 1939 most parts of Europe were governed by extreme right wing governments.  So when the author refers to Hitlerism he should have done his job by defining what makes Hitler so unique. A usage of the expression German soul isn't helpfully. 

The article becomes interesting when he wrote

>  This conception [freedom] is a feeling that man is absolutely free in his relations with the world and the possibilities that solicit action from him. 

Karl Marx defined freedom in a German tradition of enlightenment by being aware of influences that are shaping a man's life. And then it makes sense that the German workers movement was born from liberal founded education clubs for workers. Education was seen as the key to level up the existence of humans. Action is a result of reasoning and is not primary a freedom. 

When the author wrote about Marxism

> The spirit  is no longer a pure reason Critical Inquiry that partakes in a realm of ends. It is prey to material needs. 

he fails to recognize tradition of enlightenment. Reasoning is not only the work of the thinker in it's ivory tower, it's a relationship between thinking and the world. When he is referring to absolute freedom he ignores basically that we are living in the context of a society. His concept of freedom refers not longer to education but to the act of transform a will to action only. This is the point when Hitler makes a critique after 1918 from a nationalistic point of view. He wasn't the first one, but the one who is known. Hitlers reasoning is simple: A strong nation is good for it's citizens and for a strong nation a citizen has to be committed for the purpose of the nation. A process of reeducation for the nation is needed. The latter is the whole difference to a democracy. While the democracy doesn't need a commitment the state with fascists tendencies demands an active confession and collaboration. But when the author wrote

> The person who accepts it [the idea] becomes its master, as does the person who proposes it. The propagation of an idea thus creates a community of "masters"; it is a process of equalization

he cuts the relation between idea and world into two parts. But Hitler was in his writings very specific to describe means to raise the nation to new glory. The idea of racism and fascism is bound to the promise for a better living of citizens and the removal of enemies of the state. A democracy is different in the sense that it offers opportunities, but when opportunities become rare like in the 1930s people asking for different solutions. 

Right wing ideology in the modern sense was prevalent in the western world even in Scandinavia. It wasn't unique for Germany and it has it's roots in the time of industrial revolution. Not even leftists like Karl Kautsky were free of racism, when brutal colonialism was justified.




Step 1 : You are a bunch of rich guys. You want to raise an army. Perhaps to mug your neighbors.

Step 2 : Locate a handy bunch of traumatized individuals. People hungry for a self-esteem-raising-narrative to soothe their troubled souls. If there are none such available then you can manufacture them via bombing or trade-sanctioning.

Step 3 : Craft that soothing narrative. Tell a story about how they are the chosen ones. The MASTER RACE. Tell them that it is only these various mongrel cultures that have brought them to their troubles, with the back-stabbing and such. Maybe there are even some preexisting motivational mythologies that you can leverage.

Step 4 : Feed them the narrative. Viola! You now have an army filled with people who are willing to commit the most heinous of atrocities.

Step 5 : Invade europe/asia/america/etc

Step 6 : Profit.
Can someone explain this? 
I don't quite understand this
[deleted]
[removed]
tl;dr version:

The conclusion then is that even though the whole ship is reworked, every plank is changed and we can build a new ship from it, the new ship (with no original plank) is still the same ship. The new ship that is built will then not be the original ship. This is because Theseus’s original ship still functions in the same place (even though it is not of the same material).
The explanation of a system of differences is a little confusing. I had three concerns, or maybe misunderstandings on my part.

It sound like it's all relations and no relata. But how could there be relations in the first place without them?

If we do have a system of differences, a network where each node is empty and has no identity apart from its place in the network, would't there be an arbitrary number of radically different situations isomorphic to that network? Is everything we think and say innumerable radically different things all once? So, if not nothing, just about everything?

At some point we have to make contact with the world via sensory input and that has at least something to do with what we talk about, if only in a distant and indirect way, but this account seems like an implicit denial that we ever do.
This sounds like someone already knew they wanted there to be a duty to vote, and then searched for arguments to support that view, instead of impartially investigating the issue to find whichever conclusion is most plausible. As Bertrand Russell puts it:

> The pursuit of truth, when it is whole-hearted, must ignore moral considerations; we cannot know in advance that the truth will turn out to be what is thought edifying in a given society.

EDIT: First, he describes Downs' and Olson's view as

> What's the probability that your vote will make a difference for victory

Which is the [probabilistic view of causality](http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/causation-probabilistic/). And then he desperately tries to describe why that is wrong like this:

> The mistake is not in thinking that what matters is whether one's vote causes the victory of your favored candidate. The mistake is in thinking that the only votes that [...] cause the victory are those without which the victory would not have been secured.

So now he claims that Downs' and Olson's mistake is to believe that an event A causes an event B iff A is a necessary condition for B, i.e. to subscribe to the [counterfactual view of causality](http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/causation-counterfactual). **But that's not what you told as at the beginning.**





This guy is my Ethics professor. Smart guy, though I think he's wrong here. I don't think he engages with many of the arguments that people actually use to justify not voting.  Rather than taking the view that "voting doesn't make a difference" I would actually argue, as MacIntyre does, that people have a duty not to vote when they don't inherently support a politician (as opposed to when they support one candidate because the other is worse). After all, voting for the lesser evil is still voting for evil. 
>When offered a choice between two politically intolerable alternatives, it is important to choose neither. And when that choice is presented in rival arguments and debates that exclude from public consideration any other set of possibilities, it becomes a duty to withdraw from those arguments and debates, so as to resist the imposition of this false choice by those who have arrogated to themselves the power of framing the alternatives.
http://brandon.multics.org/library/Alasdair%20MacIntyre/macintyre2004vote.html
My issue with the Goldman-Tuck argument is simple- it seems to suggest that if my preferred candidate wins by a landslide, my vote had a higher chance of "counting" than if my candidate won by, say, one vote. My intuition tells me otherwise. 

In my opinion, the highest marginal benefit that results from the decision to vote is the benefit in your reputation within whatever communities you identify within. That said, if you don't tell anyone who you voted for, this benefit does not exist.
Um, duh?

There's effectively no election if no one votes. In that sense, yes, voting "causes" an election "causes" someone to be elected. A better word here, imo, than "causative" is "constitutive." Votes constitute an election's outcome. But they don't (at least in large-scale elections) *determine* it. That's the difference.

I'd argue when we ask: "Rationally, should I vote?" what we're really asking is: "Everything else being equal, would my vote make a difference?" And I'd argue when we ask that, we're really asking a determinative question, rather than a (duh) constitutive one.
Kant wasn't the best political thinker, despite his contributions to ethical thought. It took a while to get my hands on a copy of the Metaphysics of Morals (not the Groundwork) but when I did I was slightly disappointed to see that Kant was more authoritarian than I imagined him to be. The essay posted isn't that informative in that it never really goes into his actual political philosophy, instead just brushes the surface with his ethics. 
I should add that the deadline is December 15. It takes a few weeks to work through the application process. If any high school teachers are reading this and you'd like us to work with a group of your students, we are able to do that too. Please send me an email and we can talk further.
This seems like a very interesting programme. Would it be possible for students from countries other than the United States to participate or are there too many logistical difficulties with that? 
This sound awesome! I'm only curious about how long it'd take to respond, and why the second link does not work. Sounds like a great program otherwise
Uh-oh... I get my PSAT scores back by mid-December. I hope that is not too late.
Quote from the text pretty much sums up deconstruction (or a bit of it) nicely:
>There is no method to deconstruction because texts literally deconstruct themselves in their impossible attempt to employ language as a ‘transcendental signifier’ (Usher & Edwards, 1994), that is, as a way of ‘pointing’ at some eternal truth or other.

*Edit - Also a good link to some of [Derrida's key concepts: Differance; Logocentricism; Trace...etc.](https://newderrida.wordpress.com/2007/11/19/some-key-terms/)
> **Antispeciesism does not require that we treat all organisms equally, rather, it simply requires that we consider interests of equal strength to an equal extent, regardless of the species membership of those involved.** For example, antispeciesism does not require that we give gorillas the right to vote — gorillas have neither the capability to use, nor an interest in, such a right. Antispeciesism does require us to consider gorillas’ interests in life, social relationships, and freedom from physical and psychological suffering, and to avoid frustrating these interests as far as is practical and possible.

I feel like this is an important point that could use some elaboration. Because anti-speciesism is so often misunderstood and misrepresented.

What anti-speciesism IS: A stance that equal interests should be considered equally regardless of species membership, that the suffering of a dog deserves no more moral consideration than the suffering of equal extent of a cow or a chicken. That a member of one species is not *inherently* more valuable or deserving of moral consideration merely because of their species.

What anti-speciesism is NOT: A stance that declares all beings deserve the same treatment. That the life of an average dog is equally valuable to the life of an average human to the life of a normal carrot.

It's not necessarily speciesist to value the life of an average human over the life of an average dog if that value is based on things other than species (cognitive ability, capacity to suffer, etc.). A big point is that while these things might generally follow species lines, they don't always. So an anti-speciesist might generally value the lives of humans over non-human animals, but might value the life of a chimp over a braindead human, whereas a speciesist would value the braindead human simply because he is human and inherently more valuable than the chimp.

From Peter Singer who popularized the term:
> When we come to consider the value of life, we cannot say quite so confidently that a life is a life, and equally valuable, whether it is a human life or an animal life. It would not be speciesist to hold that the life of a self-aware being, capable of abstract thought, of planning for the future, of complex acts of communication, and so on, is more valuable than the life of a being without these capacities.
Animal liberation by Peter singer would be good further reading for anyone interested. He used this term a lot in his book.
As a casual observer of this sub, it seems like there are a lot of articles on this topic, relative to what I would expect. 

Is that due to this being a big area of philosophy right now, a quirk of this sub, a function of the upvote system, or a misperception on my part?
Even though habitat destruction and livestock cause suffering on a much larger scale, the thing that disturbs me the most is killing for entertainment. 

When people eat meat or contribute to habitat loss, it's terrible, but the reasons for doing it are understandable. Changing those things would have a pretty major impact on your life. Sport hunting, prize fighting, shooting animals that wander near your property when scaring them would have sufficed, or even going out of your way to step on a bug are unnecessary. You have decided to end a life because it amuses you, and that seems sadistic to me. 

Part of me thinks that speciesism makes it even worse. How can someone kill an animal without a second thought, take a picture with it, mount it on their wall, then turn around and be horrified by the idea of a different animal dying? It seems so devoid of empathy.
Is this a good place to talk about the monkey raised by humans as a human back in the 70s? I got some semi informed options I want to share with strangers. 
I really like this. It's logical and ethical.

It's ironic, though, that there are comparisons being drawn between humans and animals on account of humans being "more rational" and having the ability to "contribute more". 
I don't quite get how and when utilitarianism became so predominant you don't even have to mention that it's your standpoint. There is, in fact, no obvious relationship between suffering and morality. I might suffer without the suffering being caused by a moral agent, and most people would probably agree that this suffering has no moral value whatsoever. Also, this type of reasoning, at least as long as the utilitarianism in question is about maximizing happiness, seems to lead to the conclusion that it's morally wrong if animals suffer from living in their natural habitats. I mean, humans obviously like comfort better than fighting for their survival, and why would this be any different to animals? Most of them would probably enjoy heating systems, regular access to food and so on. 

Edit for clarity. Wrote this on my phone.
In terms of our relationships with non-human life, everyone makes choices every day. We can make choices that do less harm to non-human life, to ourselves, and to the broader community including the biosphere. We can also choose to ignore the consequences of our choices and do things that satisfy our immediate short-term pleasure that causes unnecessary deaths, suffering, and long-term harm to ourselves and the biosphere to our detriment.

I understand that people can manufacture all manner of reasons to justify unnecessary killing and cruelty. However, as this is a subreddit about philosophy which implies careful, rational thinking it is very difficult to put forward a defensible rationale that promotes cruelty, harm to ourselves and others, unnecessary deaths, and a general diminution of the viability of the community of non-human that makes our existence possible. But, I see some people are trying with rationales and reasoning that have no validity, I suggest, outside of the self-indulgent world of intellectual gamesmanship.
As a rational, logical, empathic human, I wish every human also saw life this way.  😍

Murdering an animal, or destroying habitats willy-nilly is akin to someone razing a village or murdering a human.  And because of the scarcity of habitats and bio-diversity, it's critical now, more than ever, to protect them.  

Sadly, I predict that humans will stop at nothing for the betterment of mainly humans, and one day soon, biodiversity will only exist in conversations regarding smaller and smaller zones (regions have become preserves, preserves have become parks, parks have become zoos, zoos are animal holding patterns, at best). 

 I wish the zone of biodiversity was still our planet.🙁
A) (Pragmatic) Is it possible, as we are omnivores, to survive without eating an inferior species? How do we implement such a system? What does an antispeciesist world look like? 

B) (Antiutilitarian) Considering we are not omniscient, how does one objectively measure the suffering of all species to make the best moral decision? 

C) (Kantian) Considering that one could will** all animals to be speciesist, why should humans contradict this seemingly universal principle of animals?

D) (Evolutionary) Does an antispeciesist standpoint contribute to the evolution of our species? Considering how far we've made it on our current speciesism, why would we stop using this principle?

** Will as according to the Categorical Imperative, whereby you act only according to that maxim whereby you can at the same time will that it should become a universal law without contradiction.
The problem I have with this argument is that I feel that the underlying basis is itself speciesist. The issue is that this argument is attempting to claim an *ought*, or some kind of objective moral duty when there is no reason to do so. In order to have a moral imperative, there must be a moral authority agent such as a parent, the police or a god. When it comes to such an over-arching moral imperative as how we ought to treat non-human animals, I see no basis for the imperative other than possible social unease if the position becomes entrenched in our tribal society. Meaning, it would be unfasionable, possibly illegal but in the grand scheme of the Universe it is morally neutral. Out of the **9 million** species on this planet, why are humans the only species that have moral obligations? When a shark forcefully copulates with another shark, it is perfectly natural. When a gorilla snaps the neck of a rival's baby, it is perfectly natural. The Universe of living things is the greatest horror show in the history of creation. It is full of senseless death, murder and suffering the extent of which boggles the mind. And yet there are no moral duties for any of it. There are no repercussions, no consequences, just a standard existence as a living entity in this Universe. I suppose I would agree with anti-speciesism but use it as a basis for a completely contrary position, that there is in the end no moral imperative for us to act any specific way, regardless of human or non-human living species. I feel like the argument posted assumes a position that is not proven or even accepted.
Alright, so the case against "Speciesism" is basically that we have to judge on some (semi-) objective metric, did I get that right? The example that they present is the suffering, i.e. suffering of one species isn't inherently more or less meaningful than that of another species absent of other factors.

The problem I see here is that this concept just takes one value, e.g.  "survival of my species", and replaces it with another, e.g. "suffering", and then draws conclusion from a different point of view. This ideology interferes with reality (and biology) in a way that doesn't make sense to me. I, as a human being, cannot possibly judge the world independent of my species. That would be asking me to view the world through a lense of metrics and making decisions based on rules that cannot possibly have any objective basis.

If you're not sure what I mean by that last sentence, let me explain. All of my senses and instincts are shaped by my species. We intuitively empathize with others based primarily on their species and how it relates to us. Most empathize most easily with other people, but also with dogs and other mammals. However, most of us don't empathize as easily with lizards, birds, fish, insects or even plants. There is no objective reason for that, it's simply the way we evolved. Whenever these topics surface the consideration is usually about cows or other animals that we use for ourselves, but that's not where the philosophy stops. I challenge you to make a conclusive objective argument why the suffering of plants is more or less meaningful than ours, independent of species. 

So why should we even care about our intuitive empathy in the first place? Just watch the world through those metric goggles and become benevolent overlords, right? Because without empathy none of this makes sense, without empathy we wouldn't even consider antispeciesism because we wouldn't care about the suffering of others. Empathy doesn't exist as some universal constant by which to judge this world, it exists purely because it's evolutionarily beneficial, just like the prioritization of your own species. Antispeciesism basically contradicts itself.

Putting it differently, what about "familyism",  "friendism" or even "loveism"? We cannot separate our nature from how we wish to define our existence.
I honestly can't really take this seriously. We don't judge people on an individual basis of intelligence because there's no feasible way to do so. Even if someone were to personally feel that a person is less intelligent or less useful than a very smart dog, there's no way to reasonably appraise that to be the case. Arguments of per-case intelligence fall apart because it's mired in subjectivity. We generally go by the mean for a very good reason; society is inherently partially collectivist because collectivist decisions and responses will insulate individuals against fringe negatives. Arguing that we elevate stupid/useless humans unnecessarily is an argument that misses the nature of the elevation itself: most people exist on some sort of fringe. We guard ourselves as a society against those fringes because they are muddy, subjective places in which bad things happen. If the author sincerely believes that we should ever employ such considerations, I would ask that they stand up first; I'm sure the subjective evaluations of their worth would be less than pleasing to them at times.

It also disregards the reality that aspects of what's being discussed already exists in society. It's why people feel less empathy when someone labelled a "thug" is killed. We already make these appraisals of low value individuals, it's just not codified in our society because there is no way to codify it. The rejection of this utilitarian evaluation of people stems from the fact that there is no way to determine how valuable a person actually is. We can occasionally make rough guesses and, from a variety of standpoints, that's really not good enough. 

Likewise the argument that "toddlers are surpassed by chickens" is similarly flawed. A toddler will eventually be a grown person and the experiences and suffering will be engrained into their development, leading to additional extraneous suffering further down the line. If you want to take an implicit utilitarian standpoint of maximizing happiness, then you need to recognize that the capacity for suffering to beget suffering varies considerably from creature to creature. A dog that suffers greatly will likely eventually heal on a mental level, and even if they don't their capacity to exist in a pleasurable manner isn't irregularly infringed upon. A child that suffers greatly will likely never be able to undo the damage dealt to their social circles, education, et cetera; the damage is permanent, even in the best-case scenario, in the form of delays and a loss of benefits. The two can't be compared. 

I agree that animals deserve fair rights and that undue suffering should be avoided but any analysis that seeks to critique common social ethics needs to actually recognize and acknowledge the trends underlying those ethics. There are very good reasons we don't treat a  toddler with less ethical "weight" than a chicken, or 60 IQ Jimmy with less "weight" than a particularly smart cow. The article meanders about attempting to undress social analysis as irrational in order to prove that the inverse is true, except it never proves that the inverse is true and it only examines a narrow straw-built example of social analysis.
To what extent does anti-speciesism accomodate the fact that we are more or less biologically pre-disposed to consuming animal protein for us to function at our optimum?
Honestly, I am not against eating dog or pork. However, should we be eating any of them? Should we be engaging in cannibalism?
Okay so what about rats then? Obviously they can feel pain, solve puzzles, maybe they even have other human-like emotions. I'm all for getting rid of rats where they make human life even a little bit unpleasant. Gotta draw the line somewhere or we'll be walking with a broom pushing ants of the way so we don't step on 'em.
I find it difficult, however, to assert that we can offer preference to a certain species based off of what they have in terms of cognitive qualities and what the second species does not. For to do this is to adopt a sort of ethnocentrism in terms of species, which I do not think can be justified. For how can we fairly determine the fate and value of one species based off of an etic perspective which only considers from that which we as humans are imbued with if we are the only known ones to have these qualities? In short, we cannot compare apples to oranges!

This, of course, is not to propose a criticism of anti-speciesism, but rather to bring up the implications of preference utilitarianism. For while I believe this philosophy to be one which aims at non-exclusionist, there seem to be inherent flaws which contradict this principle.
This article claims that I treat and consider all humans equal regardless of whether or not they have human characteristics. That's false. If a human lacks intelligence, they may be biologically human, but they have no rights and must be cared for by a legally competent human.

A more practical viewpoint would be one of sapience equality. Those with greater degrees of sapience have greater value; therefore, a chicken would have virtually no 'rights' and you could do pretty much whatever you want to them, while a chimp, raven, or dolphin should be protected whenever possible.
The universe is the human species' for the taking. 
[removed]
I'm going to disagree with this one on the grounds that it fails to understand why we eat some animals and love others, why we treat some animals like dirt and others like gods, why we draw arbitrary lines between species. I do not dispute that animals are smart, empathic, etc.

But that misses the point entirely.

Humans don't love dogs because they're smart and eat pigs because they're dumb. It's well known that pigs are smarter than dogs, but they're also *much, much tastier* and dogs; octopuses are fiendishly intelligent, but cats are cuter by orders of magnitude. We don't draw the distinctions between species by how objectively "worthy" they are, we draw them by how much we humans get out of them. We think cats are cute and chickens taste good, so we keep cats as pets and slaughter chickens for food.

So why do so many examples of human exceptionalism compare species in terms of intelligence or empathy?

Humans, as it turns out, are really good at rationalizing. Humans have a uniquely potent duality of intellect and instinct. When out instinct governs actions that we may not agree with -- eating animals, oppressing other humans, etc. -- the mind enters a state of cognitive dissonance. We cannot justify out instinctual actions with our rational mind, and so we come up with logically unsound justifications (e.g. chickens are dumb, [race] is genetically inferior, etc).

Doesn't that defend the point in the article?

No. As I mentioned before, the point in the article fails to address the actual reasons we practice speciesism. Nothing in the universe -- not humans, not animals, not stars or moons -- has objective value. Nothing is actually "worth" anything, so saying that killing a human and killing an animal is true in the same way that 0 = 0. Since this more or less invalidates much of morality, a revised definition of value must be used. Since all of this discourse about value is being done by humans, humans have decided that "value" really means "value to humans". By this definition, humans themselves are the most valuable of all; our darwinian obligation is to our own species above all else. Beyond this, any value anything has is simply that assigned to it by humans based on its usefulness to humans. We consider mosquitoes valueless and perhaps even of negative value because they harm humans; we consider cats valuable because they bring us joy to interact with. We buy and sell animals because we consider money useful and we consider animals useful, and we kill and eat animals because that keeps humans alive and some animals are really quite delicious (bacon, I'm looking at you).

But isn't making decisions based on human definitions of value speciesist in and of itself?

Yes. However, without a consistent basis for morality, we are robbed of all decision-making power. We are human, and as such our decisions are going to be made from a human point of view. We would not expect a shark to spare an octopus on the basis of its intelligence; why do we hold ourselves to a different standard? If humans and animals are truly equal, than we should treat ourselves the same as we treat animals; as predators, we eat our prey.

To sum up:

A. Nothing has objective value

B. Arguments about intelligence or empathy come from the cognitive dissonance formed when we draw similarities between ourselves and animals, then see the vast gaps in treatment.

C. In order to make decisions, we define value as "value to humans".

D. Our decision-making process -- and so morality -- is founded on C.

Therefore:

Giving animals value outside of utility to humans is logically unsound; since we are human, we make our decisions from a human perspective and therefore abusing, killing, and/or eating animals to benefit humans is not only acceptable but also natural.
My biggest gripe with philosophies such as this is while it is supposed to be grounded on the 'morality' of the situation, it is in fact more grounded by people's cognitive appraisals/associations. Translation: our belief in what is 'moral' towards species is often controlled by other variables of the species in question (ie intelligence, ability to show emotion, similarity with humans, looks, personality, function, domesticated or wild). Humans are far more likely to be up-in-arms over the mistreatment of monkeys, lions, dogs, cats, horses etc than insects, worms, crustaceans, snakes, spiders, ants, and rats etc. Is it in-humane how humans destroy the natural habitats of countless species and slaughter countless more for food? Yes. Is it immoral? Quite possibly. Is it practical or even morally obligatory to follow an ideal where we consider the perspective of ALL species before we act? I don't believe so.
[removed]
[removed]
Can I get the time back that I wasted reading that?
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
humans define value the way they see fit. neo intellectualism is not going to change that basic fact. 
Referring to the first paragraph I do not view those who are less intelligent or eloquent as moral equals so the point is moot from the start. Nice generalization though. 


[removed]
[removed]
But of course the people arguing for this will still say a fetus has no right to live, despite the fact that it has unique DNA and is scientifically alive
The nature of our relationship with animals and the rights we give them are rightfully utilitarian. We don't eat cats and dogs because we bred them for jobs and/or companionship. They are effective at that because we selected them to be exactly what they are.
We eat meat because it's nutritious and our brains reward us for hunting, cooking and eating it. Culinary arts are a huge part of cultural history and national identity and meat is an inseparable component of that. Eating meat is right from a biological standpoint, and that's a very good basis for an argument. An animal's death is an unfortunate circumstance, but a sacrifice that we benefit from immensely.
We can do much to improve the limited lives of our livestock, and to mitigate their suffering, but until we can produce delicious, nutritious meat at an industrial scale via painless, clone-oriented laboratory procedures, maintaining farms is the best method of satiating the demand.
[removed]
[removed]
The only reason we're not discriminating against blacks or women anymore is because they revolted against us. If animals revolted, I would instantly perceive them as intelligent enough to be treated equal to man.
It would seem that anti-speciesism is founded from a utilitarian principle. Utilitarianism is morally bankrupt and in this case based on irrelevant questions. Wether an animal may suffer is not relevant. All beings may suffer and have interests, however, that does not entitle them to anything. Humans have a god-like status above all other species, going beyond any pure question of suffering. 
Now, I would never say that it is acceptable to make an animal suffer. What I would say is the Christian position that a human life is worth infinite animal lives. A human is given a special soul that other species do not have. 
Hm, towards the end, he gets more and more rushed/excited, and I didn't quite follow how he applied  the math result that "for any plurality cardinality >1, the cardinality of all its sub-pluralities are greater than the former plurality" to the modal worlds of a person, and how that would violate the Van Neumman limitation of size principles, of the uniqueness of the absolute infinite - how was the link from math to ontology made? Is it in fact an argument that the number of sub-pluralities of the absolute infinite are bigger than the absolute infinite? If so, is this a valid mathematical reasoning?
I agree with his critiques of conservative ontology, but the "adder"-type ontology seems an odd conclusion to draw from the shortcomings of common sense.  I think this is the type of problem that should be dissolved through pragmatism, i.e. the existence of individual objects is based on social conventions that are themselves based on framing reality in ways that are useful to us.  As for what exists independently of human perception and social conventions, I guess it would be either something like "the totality of existence" or possibly "individual subatomic particles"?  Either of which is more of a "subtracter" position.  The point being, I don't see the usefulness of the "adder" viewpoint other than to point out the logical absurdities of the conservative viewpoint.
Forthcoming in *Ethics in Politics: New Papers on the Rights and Obligations of Political Agents*.

>"The counterproductive nature of minor parties is well-understood by political tacticians. The $66,000 donated to Pennsylvania Green Party Senate candidate Carl Romanelli came entirely from Republican sources, except for $30 from the candidate himself. $40,000 came from identifiable supporters of Romanelli's Republican opponent Rick Santorum, or from their housemates. Romanelli received 99.95% of his funding from Republicans who hoped that he would cut into the Democratic share of the vote. Knowing how counterproductive minor parties are, hard-nosed tacticians among their ideological opponents coordinate funding schemes to prop them up.

>Trying to get a major party to support a policy by voting for a minor party endorsing that policy is similarly ineffective. The major party may instead concede that policy's supporters to the minor party, and seek other ways to make up the lost votes. This is especially likely when the minor party is further from the center than the major party. If Democrats move right and win over a Republican voter, they gain a vote while the Republicans lose a vote. But if Democrats move left and win over a Green voter, they gain a vote without reducing the Republican total. So as long as Greens have less support than Republicans, winning Republican votes is twice as good as winning Green votes. Nader's pivotal role in 2000 certainly didn't create a left-wing resurgence within the Democratic Party. Two years later, 22 Democratic Senators voted for the Iraq War...

>...Primaries make it easier to take over an existing party than to win with a new one. Winning three-way general elections requires at least a third of the voters. 34% will win if the opponents are divided at 33% and 33%, but usually the opposition won't be so neatly divided and more than 34% will be needed. But over a third of the electorate is always enough voters to take over one of the two major parties and win its nomination. If over a third of the population supports a policy, it's mathematically impossible for both major parties to consist of more than a third of the population entirely opposing the policy. So ideas with enough democratic support to win three-way general elections will always have enough support to enter and win a major-party primary."
This would be more interesting if it wasn't so left-biased.
You're making at least two distinct claims here:

1.) Causal explanation rests on the assumption that there is an external world, and skepticism is irrefutable, so much the worse for causal explanation.

2.) A successful causal explanation (of some event) requires us to show that that event was necessitated per se, which means that we need to give an explanation as well for any putative cause of that event, hence infinite regress etc etc., and we ask see where that's going.

The problem is that neither premise seems particularly plausible. Lots of work has been done in epistemology to directly respond to skeptical worries, which the present argument doesn't engage with. The second claim just seems prima facie false. That the coffee is hot, plus some scientific theory regarding physiology and thermodynamics etc, seems sufficient to explain a burned tongue. If I told you the phenomenon wasn't explained until you had retrodicted the coffee's temperature, laplacian demon-style, from first principles, any reasonable person would regard me as having missed the point rather badly.
the Existence of God doesn't have to have a Cause, if one assumes that God is almighty / omnipotent.
1) Paragraphs. Indentations. Subheading....That was hard to read. 

2) Infinite regress is dealt with via experimentation itself. How do you do an experiment? You make a pot of hot coffee and a pot of cold coffee and give it to 20 volunteers. You could even do one better and prepare coffee in 20 different manners (kettle, press, heater, dip-filter, etc.) If hot coffee always burns people, and cold coffee never does, regardless of how the water became hot/cold, then it is the hotness that caused the burn and not the method used to make the coffee hot. This is also the rationale behind randomization. We don't know each participants history. We don't know all possible variables that could effect our outcome. But by randomizing participants we can average across histories, average across variables, and therefore only the variable of interest is different across conditions. 
That was beautifully done.
The whole point of computers, the drive to create them, is based on the need to make mechanisms that could automate tasks invented for them by humans. 

It's a way to shorthand our faculties into these repetitive, programmed objects. But I think it is a grave error to suggest that simply because humans have shown the capacity for algorithmic tasks, that this is the extent of our abilities. 

The problem isn't ever horsepower, because surely we can create machines that are powerful enough to perform calculations faster and more efficiently than we can. The problem is that we as humans are the limiting factor on the creation of new formulas, insights, and general rules that constitute the domain of knowledge that we create by our intuitions.
> In what sense can a field of arguments towards truth be based on your region or language?

Very simple: if the arguments include a lot of disguised and unexamined assumptions, perhaps accidentally absorbed from background culture, and the mode of inquiry is fundamentally weakened by the lack of any universal criteria, so that *who said it* is always more important than *what was said*.

In the story recounted here, analytic philosophy's early success in logic is highlighted, but that became a branch of mathematics as soon as it was realised that it had such a well-defined structure.

Philosophy is not science or mathematics. It doesn't have any agreed basis. It is characterised by culture and schisms and grievances and tribal allegiances.
Question 1: Why do you call this a "secret"?  Surely it's been common knowledge for a century now?

Question 2: Why do describe this alleged secret as "dirty" and "little".  Neither seem fitting.

My only other initial comment would be that a university wants its departments to be successful.  Universities are, partly, businesses.  My best guess is that measuring a deapartment's success is done by looking at student demand.  If it's up, something good is going on.  Tied into this, if some of this demand is coming via other departments, you're more likely to be successful.

So - a good philosophy department which sees demand coming in from Political Science, Physics, Math, etc. departments might be doing very well.  When departments fit well together the university is often most successful.

That's just my guess.  You can fill in the blanks, I think, from there.
But the best philosophy-- the stuff that lasts and people actually read and love-- does belong to literature, and pretty much only there. Philosophy that does not succeed as writing, as art, cannot live, IMHO.
For those who found this interesting, you should really check out the authors podcast, The History of Philosophy Without Any Gaps. He covered ancient greek, hellenic, and roman philosophy before going through philosophy in the islamic world, and is now covering philosophy in western europe, and will soon be covering byzantine philosophy. He also has a separate podcast with another scholar that covers the history of philosophy in India. All amazing stuff.
Great read, but I am a little skeptic when he says 

> readers of Arabic had about the same degree of access to Aristotle that readers of English do today

From my understanding greek philosophy had success only among the elites and some calif
Arabs help spread Plato and some of Aristotle to western Latin Europe, but it was already completely preserved and existing in the Eastern Roman Empire throughout the same time. Not to downplay the role of Muslim philosophers who wrote influential commentaries on them or anything, but I just want to point out the Western-Latin Centric view that tends to ignore that the Byzantines existed and preserved the Greek classics. 

*sorry for spelling mistakes and grammar errors, I was on my phone when I typed this. 
There's a pretty good episode of In Our Time on Averroes that explores the internal political and theological motivations of the caliphate.
There is a book called "Islamic Science and the Making of the European Renaissance" by George Saliba a professor at Columbia University with the same idea.
From what I remember on the subject, the Greek philosophy texts were almost entirely translated by Jews and Christians living in Arab lands.
Old Irish monasteries also saved Greek books from the dark times book burning Inquisition. Plus, Islam and ARABS got many of them from conquering Eastern Europe from the Byzantines(ORTHODOX Church NOT Rome Catholcs). Unlike the THEN 600-1300 Catholic Church LEADERSHIP & POPES hating on science and knowledge and acted by calling people heretics, the Islamic LEADERSHIP considered it part of knowing God's creation.
[removed]
[removed]
Really? -  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=kDP6OHIZqrQ
[removed]
[removed]
That article is not as bad as most that reinforce the disgusting Western pop-culture myth that Arabs saved Greek texts. In reality if the Arabs didn't invade much the Mideast and the Turks mainland Greece, the ancient Greek works would have been more diffuse, influential and have been even better preserved. Most the translators where Syriac speaking Christians:

>http://www.qdl.qa/en/why-were-so-many-greek-arabic-translators-christians

>the translators who carried out this work were not from a single community, and came from many ethnic and religious backgrounds. Important translators were Muslims like al-Ḥajjaj ibn Yūsuf ibn Maṭar (AD 786–830) and al-‘Abbās ibn Sa‘īd al-Jawharī (d. after 843), and even planet-worshipping Ṣābi’ans like Thābit ibn Qurrah al-Ḥarrānī (d. 901). But Christians made up a very large proportion of these translators. Why was that?

>...

>Christians in these Syriac-speaking communities received their education in monastic schools, where they studied in Syriac, but were also taught Greek, the original language of the New Testament. Moreover, there is good evidence that more advanced schooling in these Syriac Christian communities involved the study of ancient Greek books of science and philosophy, and many of these books were translated into Syriac.

And:

>http://archaeology.kiev.ua/pub/vryonis.htm

>"How was it that in the ninth century this massive Hellenic infusion into the formation of Islamic civilization came about? The answer lies in the observation that a portion of Byzantine civilization had survived the Islamic conquests and had long been resident in the lands of the caliphate, even before the conquests. Here we are speaking of what has been termed Syrian Hellenism. The Syriac-speaking Christians, both Monophysites and Nestorians, had long ago adopted the curriculum of the late Greek schools of Alexandria, so that the study of Greek, Aristotle, Plato, Porphyry, Homer, and other authors remained standard in many of the schools in the very lands of the caliphate. Medicine had long been a monopoly of the Syriac Christians, and it was they who played the major role in the translation of the Greek texts, often via Syriac, into Arabic." ...


More:   
http://muslimheritage.com/article/syriac-speaking-christians-and-translation-greek-science-arabic


Even until Greek independence most Greeks called themselves Romaioi and what they they called the Byzantine Empire, was Rome, meaning they and the conquered Mideast Christians(who will likely be extinct every where but Egypt before 2100 the way everything is going) are the link to antiquity not the Arabs, despite the West wanting to give the Arabs credit because that is how they first encountered much of the ancient Greek corpus, via the Arabs who invaded Iberia. 

It is kind of sick to give the conquering Muslim Arabs credit for the pre-Christian antiquity they didn't have much respect for and instead selectively vulture-ized. 
"𝘢𝘭-𝘒𝘪𝘯𝘥ī 𝘢𝘯𝘥 𝘩𝘪𝘴 𝘤𝘰𝘭𝘭𝘢𝘣𝘰𝘳𝘢𝘵𝘰𝘳𝘴 𝘵𝘩𝘰𝘶𝘨𝘩𝘵 𝘵𝘩𝘢𝘵 𝘢 ‘𝘵𝘳𝘶𝘦’ 𝘵𝘳𝘢𝘯𝘴𝘭𝘢𝘵𝘪𝘰𝘯 𝘸𝘰𝘶𝘭𝘥 𝘣𝘦 𝘰𝘯𝘦 𝘵𝘩𝘢𝘵 𝘤𝘰𝘯𝘷𝘦𝘺𝘴 𝘵𝘳𝘶𝘵𝘩, 𝘯𝘰𝘵 𝘫𝘶𝘴𝘵 𝘰𝘯𝘦 𝘵𝘩𝘢𝘵 𝘩𝘢𝘴 𝘧𝘪𝘥𝘦𝘭𝘪𝘵𝘺 𝘵𝘰 𝘵𝘩𝘦 𝘴𝘰𝘶𝘳𝘤𝘦 𝘵𝘦𝘹𝘵." -- Sounds suspiciously like the obtrusion of the malignant alloy of ideology into philosophy -- something that perhaps is borne out in the 'evolution' of Islamic doctrinal practices today (𝘪.𝘦., the imposition of Sharia).  Another 𝘥𝘶 𝘫𝘰𝘶𝘳 example might be the attempts to skulk "intelligent design" into the empiric, scientific classroom; by the likes of the infamous 'flat-Earther', Donald Drumpf VP, Mike Pence.  One can never trust religion.  For every 'good' it professes to do and declaims for itself, there is always an underlying motive or agenda -- usually in the form of the recruitment of more acolytes.
[removed]
[removed]
Correction: Assyrian not Arabic. Assyrians are older than christianity itself then came the arabs a while later
[removed]
[removed]
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
Something important to consider when reading "The Prince" is the context provided by the life of Niccolo Machiavelli. "The Prince" was written for Lorenzo de' Medici, ("The Medici" being the family that had him imprisoned and tortured for a short while, before the prince was written). Just leaving this tidbit here...  
The video doesn't even outline what makes a good ruler! It just talks about Machiavelli and throws in a bunch of filler while drawing random stuff. Why does he talk about the definition of 'politics'? 
This video completely neglects to explain Machiavelli's concept of "fortune," which is a main concept of the piece.

Machiavelli's defintion of fortune is critically important to a ruler's effectiveness. This version of fortune is most closely translated to "luck": a ruler should be able to recognize situations where factors are out of his control and make necessary provisions for these cases.

For instance, a ruler wants to make a dam. He has already attained the labor and resources, but he should also have a plan in place in the event of a flood. How does he acquire more resources, how does he quell puclic outrage over expenses and possibly deaths, how does he move forward with the dam? 

According to Machiavelli, an effective ruler limits fortune as much as possible. All rulers are mortal (illness is always possible) and predisposed to unforeseen circumstances. Therefore, it is absolutely necessary that the ruler accounts for fortune whenever possible.

This is a core concept of the piece. The video really should discuss it.
You might as well just read it, or listen to it on a walk. It's a very short book. Here's an [unabridged reading.](https://youtu.be/IdRxHTih-28)
The main thing I got from The Prince was a strong foundation is the key to power. Happy people coupled with a competent military and decent economy will ensure a lasting princedom. Also be wary that everyone is out for their own gain, and to always interpret the true meaning behind other's actions. Power is like a chess game, and you should always be two steps ahead.

In a related note, after I read the book I became much better at Civ 5.

Never trust Gandhi. Some men just want to watch the world burn.
[removed]
John II of Portugal was called Perfect Prince after his death since he was associated with The Prince of Machiavelli. During his lifetime Isabella of Castile (the main rivals of Portugal) called him "El Hombre" (The Man) 
Of course this comes out after I do a 15 minutes presentation on "The Prince"
"Today's candidates no doubt know Machiavelli's words."

Would it be controversial to say, "No.  It is almost certain that Donald Trump is unable to explain anything about *The Prince* beyond a vague 'pop culture' description"?
A great description of Machiavelli and his impact and motivations with some more depth from a renaissance historian here: http://www.exurbe.com/?p=1429
For anyone who hasn't yet, I would highly recommend reading the whole text on your own. It's dirt cheap online and it's well worth the read.
[This](https://youtu.be/rStL7niR7gs) is a video I think everyone here will enjoy very much it's called The Rules for rulers by CGP - Grey
Was the prince not written as how NOT to run a country? A satire of some sorts.
[removed]
Can we throw some money in the hat and get this guy a better microphone?
Great summary! Props on creating a Nostradamus effect whereby you can view this through a Hillary or Trump lense. 
I'm still not convinced that this is a good description of a leader, nor that Machiavelli was actually trying to describe a leader, rather than how to navigate political conflicts from the perspective of a Venetian merchant, or how he thought someone in power should act, despite never wielding any significant power himself, by ascribing animal characteristics and comparisons to certain actions. I think this is the origin of spirit animals perhaps. Be like the wolf or the weasel. I think the real attraction to this book is more of a surviving insight into how business and operating within a political framework was done in that period, perhaps as a result of being properly translated (I think), which is unique, but doesn't impart any real knowledge on how to be a leader. This book finds itself on far too many reading lists, despite being rather tame in content. What I'd rather ask is could you recommend any same era or older alternatives that aren't as widely known, and read like a Robert Ludlum novel? I will say though, that the book has influenced me personally, on how to negate conflict and be persuasive.
I can't help but be reminded of The Wheel of Time series by Robert Jordan as completed by Brandon Sanderson. In it, you see multiple leaders, good and bad, how they inspire subjects and followers, through deeds, to bring about events that shape others'actions. Sure, it's a fantasy series. But in Jordan's own words he wanted to express how it felt to be "picked" by fate, to rise to a need and to help influence those around him or them. Many characters fought to their very last to shirk this inborn ability to call those needed to their side. Simple because they inspire others to do what they believed to be the correct action, be it through fear, coercion, proof of ability, or force of will to show the masses what needed to be done. I found it to be incredibly insightful on what makes a leader. 
A good leader is hard to select. It very much depends on circumstances that are out of your control, like spawn area and other civilizations around. But the hardest part is actually that you have to decide what kind of victory you will be going for before you start.
This was great, thank you!
This strikes me more as tips to be a successful ruler.  There's a difference between being ruling and leading.

Leadership is the art of motivating people to accomplish tasks, not terrifying them into submission.  The basis of a good leader involves palpable commitment to those on the team, clarity of goals, the integrity to follow through on promises to team members, the moral courage to protect your team and also eat any blame while letting them get the praise.
Alot of what Machiavelli wrote was so case specific (in the Prince) that the generalizations made about "leadership" and how to control power derived from the book are inherently flawed.  The book serves as a specific how-to manual for this newly appointed prince from a  man who wanted to have his class reinstated with the new monarch, it shouldn't serve as the intellectual argument for real-politik that it does today.
Just want to add that I've never heard of this work being taken as a satire. It never crossed my mind when reading it as such a work. It is a very interesting read. I agree with those who think that it is a serious piece of writing. I suspect the accusations of satire come from credulity of some readers that political leadership could be so duplicitous and praised for it.

It was written as an extended job application by Machiavelli to the Medici. Ironically they may have decided that a man who advocates deception strongly may not be the person to place a lot of truth and responsibility in.

If anyone is interested in reading it I highly recommend the translation by Tim Parks. It is very contemporary and has an excellent introduction explaining the context of the book.
What makes a leader is one that is able to maintain power.

What makes a leader good is one that is able to maintain power and bring about positive effect for the people they lead.
Very interesting, and relevance to the modern era echoed by this other video that made the front page of reddit last week: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rStL7niR7gs
Machiavelli's 'points' and arguments don't really come across to me as rigorous. After all, he uses 1 or 2 historical examples and makes sweeping generalizations, falling victim to the inductive fallacy. Please correct me if I am wrong.

I haven't studied Machiavelli a lot, but could someone enlighten me as to what impact (more elaboration than in the video) Machiavelli's writings (both The Prince and Discourses on Livy) had on political and philosophical thought at the time? And how it does now?

Edit: As many users pointed out, it seems that my observation and opinion of Machiavelli's style was superficial. I am going to re-read The Prince and finish Discourses on Livy so I can gain a better understanding. Thanks to all who responded!
Fantastic video, very informative on the subject. Thanks!
I read this piece and I am pretty sure that this was a highly satirical work, meant as a jab at the leadership at the time. Considering Machiavelli's legs were broken (at least according to the history book I read) for treason or some other reason, it makes sense he would want some kind of sweet revenge.
Modern analysis reveals that The Prince is a satire and that Machiavelli was really in favor of a republic not a principality/monarchy/absolutist 
"Good" should be in quotes.
[removed]
I liked the video, but I cringed every time the screen flickered blue because the creator didn't set a white balance and left it on auto. It's really easy and simple to do. It takes a couple of seconds to do prior to taping and helps the audience stay engaged with the content.
[removed]
In modern politics, I prefer representatives to leaders. There is a distinction. It seems most of us would rather a leader tell us what to do, than us tell a representative what our will is. 
What makes a good video? Not this. 
Wasn't he being sarcastic in "The Prince" ?
Just ask Donald Trump
Who made him the expert on leadership?
Leadership cannot be taught tho it can be learned. 
Had an exam on this on Tuesday. Why couldn't you post this on Tuesday :(
The Video misses the point completely of course, as we all know Machiavelli was secretly a Marxists and was describing how power works, because that would totally be different in a Marxist system

Edit: My sarcastic Gramci jokes are not appreciated 
I've always held that children should be taught philosophy at a younger age. Before they're educated, they should know how to properly question the education they're receiving. It may also help teenagers be more empathetic, perhaps leading to less bullying and an overall better experience in high school.
Can anyone recommend some good age-appropriate resources for fifth and sixth graders?  My sons would really benefit from this.
Not sure if this is what the author meant, but at the end of the article, is the author implying that "if a tree fell in a wood..." is still an open question. Its been solved for some time now. (Tree falling makes a sound wave, regardless of whether anyone hears it. Sound is when someone hears a sound wave. No ears = no sound). 
I think it is a wonderful initiative this of teaching philosophy to children.
I couldn't handle Lawson from about 36 mins in. Had to stop. 
I think he's trying to say behind his bad temper: "There are many ways we can describe something, and no one way is indispensable - so why should we privilege some one way over the others? We shouldn't." But then he argues that doing so has caused wars and those are bad - as if to answer his own question and offer an indispensable description. 

I am as against realism as they come, but it's hard to think Searle was at all challenged here. Having raw intelligence and getting emotional can be very attractive, but that shouldn't be mistaken for being good at the subject you're getting emotional about. 

I take Searle's position as an elegant and refined version of the realism of mainstream philosophy. The terms ontological, epistemological, objective, subjective, are well utilised in his schema here to meet poor forms of anti-realism and to clarify forms of realism. The issue is while it meets these poor forms, it doesn't establish a reason for realism. Searle would say no reason needs to be established - but here he's conflating on the sense of realism as "how ordinary people think" and the sense of "how philosophers have thought", and I would challenge the need for the philosophical position (not to say it's obviously good or bad, it's just an interesting question to me). 


It stands to reason though that relativism precedes perspectivalism. 
Saw this great video from a new Philosophy youtuber called the Unemployed Philosopher. If you like the video then show your support for her on [Patreon] (https://www.patreon.com/Cinzia) as she is hoping to fund a PHD through this and become a lecturer. I think she'll be a good one. 
Firstly why talk so fast? Well its a trope in order to project a personae- celebrity which is very post-modern, rather than clearly present some point. There is of course in this a sense of **irony** and **playfulness**  – which is another hallmark of post modernity- e.g.  in stating one wants to make things clear but then not doing so – in this case by talking so fast and in the main about literature. In detail it failed to mention the fine arts or architecture, politics or gender issues, colonialism.. queer theory.. very little philosophy – a few names appeared and in the main concentrated on literature, yet even here few works or names were given. Post-moderns were like the moderns just a given 'they'. The Einstein idea of 'everything being relative' was IMO the low point.  

So as an example of post-modernism it was very good. Rather than explain or show an objective truth it indulged in personal self reference and performance. So in a video where examples of modernist art could be shown, Rothko, Judd, Le Witt, Le Corbusier..  The Bauhaus Van Der Rohe... and compared to Warhol, Jeff Koons the YBAs and the seminal 'Learning from Las Vegas' … instead we had the image of a girl with a 'nice top' and the eyebrow make up so popular these days, that particular shape, the book shelf a sign of learning but now adorned with fairy lights and cute ceramic animals. As in now art galleries which were once institutions for learning and where works of sublime beauty were displayed now we have galleries which are more like Disney World for grown ups where 'what ever it means to you is what it means'... and in film Blade Runner (po-mo icon) Vs 20001 – a modernist future which never happened. 


As a Zen student, Huang Po (died 850 AD) is one of my favorite masters to read. I'd be interested to see what the folks of /r/philosophy think of his teachings. Bear in mind that you'll see a lot of cultural trappings in the discussions and the footnotes can help a reader wade through those. Also, understand that often when he uses the term "Buddha", he refers not necessarily to the historical figure Siddhartha Gautama, but to the fundamental self-nature of an individual.

I can do my best to help answer questions that may arise in the confusion of the particularly cryptic style of conversation characteristic of Zen. Thanks for the conversation everyone.
I enjoyed reading that, first time absorbing his material first hand.   I had a thought - I wonder how many people unfamiliar with the perennial philosophy of one mind/satori/nothing-to-attain didn't quite warm up to the material because they were put off by the whole reincarnation and the rounds of rebirth thing.   Unlike satori/groundless ground/whatever you like which is non-symbolic and can be seen by any human at any time, reincarnation doesn't have a secular correlate.   The esoteric teachings would benefit the west so much but, reincarnation doesn't have a western use, it doesn't cross over
The advice starts at the appendix on page 8.
By none other than Sargon of Akkad! I don't like the guys' ideas at all, not one bit, but I find this enterprise of his very worthy of respect, philosophically worthy, and, gotta grant it to the guy, he does have a great reading voice and his diction is quite nice.

So, kuddos to him, he has a bunch of readings of ancient texts in his channel, and maybe this can get people that like Sargon more into the good old canon, a man can hope!
I don't think this summary is very good. Here are a few things that are off.

>Reductionism (that complex sentences boil down (and get their meaning) from smaller units, i.e. atomic units).

This isn't the reductionism that Quine is targeting. Rather, the reductionism he's targeting is the thesis that meaningful sentences are composed of terms that ultimately refer to **immediate experience** -- not just that complex sentences are composed of simpler parts.

The sort of empiricism in this second dogma is crucial and intimately connected to the first dogma. The idea of this second dogma is that for each meaningful sentence, there is a range of confirmatory experience that verifies its truth. In light of this second dogma, an analytic sentence is just a limiting case where all experience is vacuously confirmatory. In fact, Quine goes so far as to say that these two dogmas are identical at root.

>there is no distinction between analytic and synthetic statements, it is more of a belief in them. 

Quine's point is more accurately that we can't *give an account* of the distinction in a substantive, non-circular way, not necessarily that there is no distinction period (though he does personally think the distinction is nonsense). I'm not sure what you mean by "it is more a belief in them".

> Reductionism is not how meaning is formed, i.e. it is rather that there is a web of beliefs with all sentences in it.

This is confusing to parse partly because you misunderstood the reductionism that Quine was targeting. Before *Two Dogmas*, the idea was that each meaningful sentence boiled down to terms that refer to immediate experiences (i.e. each individual sentence touches experience). After *Two Dogmas*, Quine's idea is that sentences are connected to each other in a web, and the entire web only touches experience at the edges, instead of each individual sentence touching experience by itself.

>that leads to a move toward pragmatism (it’s not about pretty logic but if something is useful to believe in). 

This is a misleading statement of pragmatism. The point here is that when we're considering whether a sentence is true, we're adjusting our entire web of beliefs, and adjusting our web of beliefs involves considering not just experience, but other things like simplicity, explanatory breadth, intuitiveness, etc. It's not just a matter of considering whether it's useful to believe something.
Thank you! This is very interesting!
Hilary Putnam interpreted Quine as having really attacked the a priori/a posteriori distinction in Two Dogmas. 

Putnams most valuable contribution to understanding Quine was saying that some of our beliefs are so resilient that no single experience could disconfirm them, but NONE are so resilient that they could not be given up if a better theory (and not just a single experience) comes along
You pretty much got everything wrong

Quine does not take reductionism in the sense you define it. He explicitly says in the article reductionism is the belief that you can reduce meaning to methods of empirical verification

This is related to the consequences. The biggest consequence is not the blurring between metaphysics and science, but that the distinction between analytic and synthetic statements is a difference in degree, not kind (again basically a direct quote). The pragmatism comes in because it's just a question of usefulness as to what beliefs we consider "central" and so less subject to changes at the periphery 

I can elaborate after class

Edit: grammar
Totally clickbait; the mechanism of consciousness doesn't imply that there's a homunculus there to experience it. Two totally unrelated problems.
I don't think philosophers are trying to stop people from answering the "real problem" of explaining the various properties of consciousness in terms of biological mechanisms. I mean, who out there is saying that? It seems like a clickbait title.
>  Every conscious experience involves a very large reduction of uncertainty – at any time, we have one experience out of vastly many possible experiences – and reduction of uncertainty is what mathematically we mean by ‘information’.

This struck me as an interesting way to describe information but I'm having difficulty with it. I wonder if anyone can elaborate on it, because it's confounded by my understanding that information can potentially increase uncertainty - you can have "wrong certainty" about something and then have that changed by information that reveals your previous information's flaws, limitations, etc. but in doing so leaves you in a situation where you're just more aware of your ignorance.




I mean,  don't we make everything we don't understand more mysterious than it really is? 
One of my favorite books that talks a lot about the conscious experience is a collection of the teachings of Zen master Huang Po, called *On the Transmission of Mind*.

I would be really interested to see what some readers of /r/philosophy thought of his teachings.

He discusses a lot about the nature of mind, the nature of self, and the absurdity of using the mind to discover the mind.

Edit: [PDF](http://selfdefinition.org/zen/Zen-Teachings-of-Huang-Po--Blofeld--scan.pdf) 
I wouldn't hesitate to add that psychology has made consciousness appear it far more simpler than it is.
Clickbait title: "may be" that they "might have" and then backs up the premise with a vast oversimplification of two unrelated problems and logical leap that there is a correlation. 

And then the punchline:

> We are conscious selves because we too are beast machines – self-sustaining flesh-bags that care about their own persistence. 

OK, you can't end with what your first sentence should have been and then hope nobody notices that there is zero substantiation of this premise. If it is "because" we are beast machines, then why are the other beast machines at lesser degrees of consciousness. 

The entire premise that descartes worked from is that the beasts lack something that we have. Therefore that "beastiness" is no longer relevant to humans except for a stepping stone to what we are.

Replace consciousness with eyes or lungs or any other human relevant adaptation and you have the same problem, equally unsolvable. Photons existed before eyes, right? So how exactly did eyes "come to be." That is the central question. 

Nobody would argue that a beast machine is devoid of consciousness or self-awareness, who has followed any sort of biological / zoological research along these lines. The essential question is what happened to go from that void to that partial consciousness, and then from partial to full awareness.

The next phase of this is combined consciousness via technological extension. We will be interconnected to the point that we will not fathom individuality as a given.

A useless article. No singular entity is capable of overcomplicating this issue when theories are simply being postulated. And taking an entire group of multitudes of theories as aggregate and saying "look at all this complexity" is silly. 

Never mind the direct fuck-up that this is just one more (poorly formed) theory in the pile, thus adding to the complexity of what "scientists and philosophers might be doing."


Why does this keep happening to me on this sub? I read an article, I genuinely find it interesting, and then I read the comments and find out it's all bullshit. I have no idea of who to believe, rendering the article uncertain to the point of uselessness, and regret wasting time on the thing in the first place.
Disappointing! More philodrivel. I thought they would go into how the brain creates an internal model of the world and other people and tries different things in this model to make choices. What are the loops? Which things are in the dynamic subconscious. When you start quoting Descartes, unless you're mapping, reality flies out the window.
The article just does a sleight of hand, ignores the "hard problem" as it calls it, and then declares that their findings about the downstream processing are all that matters. It doesn't answer the question it formulates itself: if we are beast machines, then why do we waste energy generating a consciousness at all?

IMO the author is unwilling to consider other explanations than the strictly materialistic ("the body is a machine, the brain is a machine part, and consciousness is a product of the brain").
It may be that pop philosophy might have made David Chalmers far more relevant than he actually is.

(By the way, that headline is a truly awful construction. It may be that X might have Y... Could it be more weaselly?)
Consciousness is simple, I have said it before and I will say it again. Consciousness is the result of a string of memories and experiences ''replayed'' in our minds. Coupled with great intelligence, consciousness arises. 
This is only being upvoted because it has "scientists" and "consciousness" in the title.
Never have I been so intrigued yet unamused at the same time. 

Like thinking I see a celebrity, then realizing it's a wax statue, then some guy is like "this isssss the celebrity!" 

I had to stop.

When they say scientists are making it more complicated than it needs to be are they referring to the scientists in this article? Or the Wizards, maybe? Were there ancient native people involved in this study? What do they think?

Maybe I'm wrong because it was so boring I couldn't even read through a whole paragraph without my brain refusing to absorb it, like studying in college. But this whole thing felt like when you are starting a project and you have all your tools and materials out in front of you in a big mess and everyone is looking at each other like "okay where do we start?"

I'll tell you where you start. You read the instruction manual. And that instruction manual? The Bible. Snakes can talk in there. Now you tell me about consciousness. What about snakes? Who's looking out for them? They can speak so they are humans. That's the way it works. 

Equal rights for snakes.

Scrolling through comments I'm mystified by the amount of hate this article is getting. I feel it deserves props for actually describing some empirical tests that scientists are employing to quantify consciousness in a measurable way. I find this to be maddeningly lacking in most articles on the subject. 

There's a lot of vitriol aimed at the pseudo-philosophical ramblings towards the beginning. If you study philosophy maybe that makes you, rightly, angry. However, I'm curious if I just don't pay enough attention to the field that the physical tests involving TMR and measuring the mathematical complexity of echoes e.g. is simply old news and I'm only finding it interesting sine I haven't paid enough attention?

If that's the case if anyone knows a link to some sort of overview of the current methodologies employed in quantifying "consciousness" I'd be very interested. (I was under the impression that very little tangible work was done in this field for, reasons.)
Isn't that article just saying the problem is what I thought it was anyway, ie. explaining how to construct each aspect of this abstract inner space out of ordinary matter?
This was not all that well written.  Really our conciousness is a side effect of our biology which has evolved to be this way.  And we know our mind's state to not be anything more than the outcome of  countless relatively small chemical reactions in our brain, which create complex thoughts as they are compounded with eachother when interpreting external input.  The conciousness we experience is not reality.  There is much in reality our brain cannot interpret and there can be errors in interpretation, such as in synthesia (ie. Smelling the color blue) or hallucinations which seem just as real as instances where external input have triggered the cognitive experience rather than from chemical error or anomaly, providing evidence for this theory.  Philosophy of mind and neurobiology and science should all enhance one another in the pursuit of understanding the nature of our reality and how the nature of our conciousness fits within that reality.  It's both a complex and simple.

 I have a similar theory for why we experience the feeling of free will even though studies have shown our minds make decisions before we are cognitively aware of those decisions.  It is another side effect of a useful cognitive function: Free will is experienced in order to help us behaviorally adapt to our ever changing enviornment.  The need to reward ourselves for making  decisions with positive outcomes and punish or be mad at ourselves for behaviors that lead to negative outcomes requires the thought that we are responsible for our actions and have free will, we engage in this way of thinking even if the negative or positive outcomes actually had very little to do with our own behaviors.  This way of self adjusting allows support of the nueral connections for effective behaviors and a weakening the detrimental ones based on use frequency.  Although free will is real in the sense that we almost all experience it, and hold one another accountable based upon the way we think of our own decsion making;  being able to prove we have decision making capacity (ie free will) beyond our biological automatic responses is not within our grasp yet.  

The mind is simultaneously both simple and complex, just because someone labels the way various types of scholars persue their understanding of it, doesn't change anything.
>Excitingly, we can now quantify the complexity of these echoes by working out how compressible they are, similar to how simple algorithms compress digital photos into JPEG files. 

Random white noise is more complex than the Sistine Chapel?
*A series of studies by the neuroscientist Marcello Massimini at the University of Milan provides powerful evidence for this view. In these studies, the brain is stimulated by brief pulses of energy – using a technique called transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) – and its electrical ‘echoes’ are recorded using EEG. In dreamless sleep and general anaesthesia, these echoes are very simple, like the waves generated by throwing a stone into still water. But during conscious states, a typical echo ranges widely over the cortical surface, disappearing and reappearing in complex patterns. Excitingly, we can now quantify the complexity of these echoes by working out how compressible they are, similar to how simple algorithms compress digital photos into JPEG files. The ability to do this represents a first step towards a ‘consciousness-meter’ that is both practically useful and theoretically motivated.*
Well I have been studying k9 cognition and we are not as far ahead of other animals as was previously thought were a lot less special then we thought a hundred years ago
You just need to read the title to know that the author should have never written a word about philosophy. Learn the language first, you kant.
Yeah, its just a biological computer.

We'll figure it out eventually.
There is too much mysterianism and obscurantism lingering in philosophy, too much Chmess for the sake of ego
This is the most pretentious, meaningless shit I've ever read. 
What is this garbage? Why would you post this?
/r/titlegore
Or not!

Love that title.
Nothing wrong with being pragmatical and cross-disciplinary, when dealing with real life. So many thinkers are drawn to the mysterious side, and not bother with the messy parts.
Its interesting because they look at it from an engineering standpoint (as i perceived it), like the data gained from it could help give rise to a singularity. Maybe it is simpler than we think, maybe we just need to tell our AI system to determine what fitness is on a sort of novelty system. What system? Model it after the brains reward system. Just some rambling.
Thats a bit obvious because both types love to over think and over analyze things to the point that it becomes super complicated. Its natural rhing to have, even in A.I. a.i will naturally learn things out of its own right and eventually start asking the bigger questions like us humans. Is consciousness a relative term? I think so
I always thought of consciousness as the ability to recognize oneself as the being recognizing oneself.

Basically, being able to say "This is me and I know that because if I do this with myself it happens." 
It feels like the author stated what the easy and hard problems were and then proceeded to say that the hard problem was the same as his theory for the easy problem and call it a day. 
The distinction made between the real problem and the easy problem is dumb. Attempts to solve the easy problem do not assume the hard problem doesn't exist. 
"It" with no antecedent followed by a redundant use of "might" after "may" has already been used—hallmarks of a scholarly publication. 
What? A philosophy paper that doesn't read like a declaration of war on science.?
The shock comes when you realize consciousness is little more than applied graph theory, just with a perverse number of nodes...
So a compulsion to reduce all difference and unexpected events to the familiar is what then produces a (whether unified or "dimensional") self?

My Nietzsche neurons are firing.
Having skimmed it, I think I largely agree. Cool to see; I begged to get onto the Philosophical Foundations of Cognitive Science at this university a decade ago, and it sparked my own formulation of complexity theory with which this view is compatible.
Maybe its like an infinite loop of mirrors.  When we try to think about thinking we can go on forever figuring out what it is and never get any closet to an answer, when really all consciousness is, is the ability to think about thought.  
So consciousness works on different levels... just like Dr. Freud had said. Ouch, stop hitting me! 
Doesn't this just add another level of complication?
[Yeah, about that...](http://www.smbc-comics.com/comic/immortality-3)
>without worrying too much about explaining...

well OK, that'll take the mystery out literally anything
Our consciousness is pure energy............from God!
Yeah. I think that at the heart of it, all your conscience is really saying 24/7 is - What??
down with faux-scientism!
Science: hey there philosophy my bud bud, ready to take a back seat yet?

Philosophy: Not sure what you mean there science

Science: you know like, just ground all your theoretical staring points in my knowledge

Philosophy: To have knowledge you must have certainty my friend, By that standard I guess I know nothing.

Sure, conscience is so trivial. 
Humans make things more complicated than they have to be. It's our shtick.
Seems to be alot of articles posted from aeon.co recently
I think if someone claims that he understands consciousness, he should also be able to explain related questions:

1. Does a computer program that passes the turing test have consciousness? (or similar AI related questions)
2. What is the most primitive animal that harbors consciousness? (or animal related questions)

Does the approach in the article bring us nearer to answering these questions?

(I'd say it's *pragmatic* to assume human-like things have consciousness, but that doesn't solve the question how my consciousness is connected to my body and why.)
Is it just me or was the concept of self barely addressed?

That is the real meat of the question of consciousness, isn't it?

Interesting article though, I'll read the linked research too, thanks!
I guess that we can reduce consciousness to matter after all, now that we have added a small degree of complexity to our account of the relevant matter. Gee whiz, why didn't anyone think of this before?
I read the negative comments here and I can't help but think that the philosophical community hasn't been listening to recent progress in AI and the light it sheds on the problem of consciousness, hence the responses we get here.

The article says:

> there is an alternative, which I like to call the real problem : how to *account for the various properties of consciousness in terms of biological mechanisms*; without pretending it doesn’t exist (easy problem) and without worrying too much about explaining its existence in the first place (hard problem). 

We can do more than theorize about how vision, hearing, speech, locomotion and grasping work. We can make a working vision system with artificial neural networks that actually can see almost as well as humans, transcribe speech into text with human accuracy, parse text and extract meaning, even reason over text and translate text into a different language (don't say Google Translate is shit, it's not bleeding edge, better translation systems exist in the labs that are too expensive to be deployed en masse). 

I am saying that we can reimplement one by one the functions of the brain, and we are currently tackling the behavior learning part (AlphaGo and other Reinforcement Learning systems). Mastering that part would allow us to have artificial agents (p-zombies or conscious?).

So, while philosophers still debate dualism, monism and ontology over here, neural network guys can actually recreate most of the brain functions, and in the process get amazing insights into what the brain is actually doing.

I think there is a lot to gain from at least adopting the Reinforcement Learning paradigm for studying consciousness. In RL, an agent embedded in an environment learns to behave in order to maximize its rewards. See how I never needed to use "consciousness" here? 

It goes to the heart of the problem: what is consciousness for? It is for maximizing rewards. What are the rewards? Rewards signals are biologically hardwired into us, and contain a small set of channels, related to: eating, shelter, socializing, reproduction, understanding and creativity. 

'Consciousness' is taking care of these rewards. We can replace consciousness with this "perception > action selection > action" loop, putting it squarely in a domain that we can treat mathematically. 

>  first essential step in the direction of learning any subject is to find principles of numerical reckoning and practicable methods for measuring some quality connected with it (Lord Kelvin)

The agent learns how to make useful internal representations of the external reality. It learns which states are good and which are bad and how to go from bad to good states. It updates its behaviors with time, as rewards teach it. 

The agent-environment system is a continuous loop. Agent perceives, selects a behavior and then acts it out on the environment. The environment changes or the agent's position in the environment changes. This sporadically produces reward signals. Rewards signals are used to update behavior.

There is no explicit "consciousness" function in RL. There is a perception module that does about the same thing as an image/audio recognition neural net. Learning happens both at the perception stage and at the behavioral stage. We don't need to analyze consciousness in the soft/hard problem dichotomy any more, if we can make agents that act convincingly like us, especially that we know exactly how they do it.

Yes, but you might say, does it actually feel like something to be an RL agent? I'd say it does feel like something. The agent is particularly aware of its state and the value its state has. Any state the agent is in, feels like something. We can already embed words into linear spaces, where meaning is captured in the coordinates. An agent constructs this internal state while learning to represent external sensations. This internal state is the space of qualia, containing all possible qualia the agent can have. 

Analogically it is like representing color as a triplet R,G,B. The space of all possible RGB values is the space of color qualia. In this case we used only 3 dimensions to create a qualia space for all possible colors. Based on this projection of color into numerical space, we can process color with neural nets.

Agent emotion is related to the value of the state - does it represent something that would give rewards, or not? That is the root of human emotion, maximizing rewards. Qualia is a disentangled state space into which all external sensations are represented during perception. RL is a special kind of learning that assigns credit to useful actions. We don't need to think about it all in mystical/mysterious terms.

Which is basically the premise of the article and why it gets bashed. It dares to say we can try to understand the brain processes directly instead of philosophizing about it. The article ends on a fundamental point:

> We are conscious selves because we too are beast machines – self sustaining flesh bags that care about their own persistence 

All this is to ensure persistence and self replication (which is another kind of persistence).
The requirements of self persistence lead to consciousness in animals. 

Consciousness is a self replicating persistence maximizer. 



Heidegger and Merleau-Ponty. Read them.
Well that was a lotta hooey.
Thought this was a title for r/showerthoughts.
[deleted]
If a computer is a device that performs computation, then what is computation?

You could say that computation is "what computers do", but then there are so many different computational schemes (kinds of computers)  that can all do any particular computation.

This fact seems to indicate that there is some deeper, underlying commonality between what all those different sorts of computers are doing when they're doing the same computation in their different ways.

Is there a way to precisely specify that commonality?
**BLURB**:

> On September 10th, 2015 Nina Emery gave this introductory level talk on the topic of "Physics, Freedom and Moral Responsibility" at DePauw University. This talk was a part of the Young Philosophers Lecture Series hosted by The Janet Prindle Institute for Ethics and the DePauw Philosophy Department. 

**SPEAKER**:

[Nina Emery](http://www.ninaremery.com/), Assistant Professor of Philosophy, Brown University
I can't listen to podcasts, but I love Aaronson's theory of free will.  I always regretted not living among the pre-Socratics, where philosophers had crazy all-encompassing ideas, Everything is water.  Aaronson shows that it is possible to be just as ambitious.

He believes that free will and consciousness are a result of our brains interacting with particles from the Big Bang, that have not interacted with any other particle.  The properties of these particles are there "new" to the universe, as no other particle has seen them before.  As the supply of free particles decreases, so will free will and consciousness.  I suppose this could be tested in the short term by putting someone deep inside enough material that free particles are blocked.  In theory, this would prevent them 1) have free will, and 2) being conscious.

I love the idea because it is so unreasonable and different from other approaches.    
Perhaps you could provide some explanation of the train case so that we might understand the ship case. Some of us (myself included) haven't worked with Saussure.

Trying to make sense of it, it would at first appear that in the case of the 8:25 Geneva-to-Paris Express, Saussure is reading off features of a preexisting social practice. The way in which we interact with train lines makes certain features more important to us and others less so. (We typically care about the time and stops, not the staff list.) We let the unimportant features vary--that is, we work with a particular abstraction of the train, which Saussure is ready to report back to us.

But what is the Ship of Theseus social practice? Do people care about the shape rather than the history of its material? Or do they treasure its original planks like pieces of the True Cross? Wouldn't we have to know this before we come to any conclusion about the "network of differences" amounts to and, in turn, what the word means?
Leibniz's Law - If something has all the same properties it is the same object. 

Therefore, if we consider each plank of wood to be a property then they are not the same. Similarly, if the only properties we care about are relational, then it is the same. 

The issue is that time and space (or more accurately where the objects exists in time-space) are often considered part of the object. The apple on the left is different than the apple on the right, because they occupy different space, even if they are otherwise identical. In this way, the 8:15 train from A to B is a different train at every second, and at every new location, which is always. The ship of Thesius thus posses a problem even if the boards are never replaced (though this can be a useful addition to the problem to get people to understand the problem the first time). 
Theseus' ship occupies a ton of functional roles in a ton of different systems, though. It is the thing occupying a certain berth at the dock, it is the thing that a bunch of barnacles call home, it is the thing that Jim uses as a landmark to find his way home, etc etc. The blog post only considers the functional role of 'the thing owned by so-and-so.'

So take Hobbes' version of the paradox: as each plank is replaced, someone collects the original and slowly rebuilds the ship with all the original planks. So now there's two ships, and if each one fulfills some of the same functional roles in the same systems as the original, then the identity question gets really complicated. Not necessarily contradictory, because you could insist that there are as many Ships of Theseus as there are systems they participate in, but then this solution is not doing away with metaphysical puzzles, rather it seems to be making them worse.

First, the website layout is bad and you should feel bad. The entire left half of the screen is just the title. IMO, someone only designed it to be read on a phone and never checked how it looks on a desktop. Changing the layout so that only about the title takes up only ~20% of the left will make it look a lot better.

Now back to philosophy. Your solution very cleanly solves the case where the ship is torn down and put back together again as it preserves out intuition of continuity. The problem is that it's difficult to extrapolate how it deals with the fact that there are now two ships instead of one. To my understanding this reasoning would lead to both ships being Theseus's, which I'm admittedly partial towards.
BLURB: At the heart of the Enlightenment was the notion that the world could in principle be explained. Yet perplexingly the biggest questions seem to defy explanation. Is explanation an illusion, or does it function differently than we suppose? Or in our postmodern world are answers still possible after all?

SPEAKERS: Former President of the APA’s Pacific Division Nancy Cartwright, philosopher of physics James Ladyman and outspoken meteorologist, Piers Corbyn, 

Can someone explain the argument in simpler words?
Preferably someone who agrees with Lucas?

I don't agree with him, but I don't know at which point he went wrong, because it's too confusing for me.

What question would Lucas ask in a Turing test that only a non-mechanical mind could answer?

Of course there are mathematical/logical problems that most humans can't solve, but as I understood Lucas, there are problems that *some* humans (some male non-politicians ;) ) could answer but *no* machines.
Some people *might* say that he is too narrow-minded and thinks that all programs are deduction machines, like e.g. "Prolog" programs.

I think he argued against that, but I like to add that Prolog is turing-complete, which means that you can write any program that you could write with another language also in Prolog.
Having read the paper, and some other commentary, I have a comment about the possibility of people making errors.  As Lucas, quite politically incorrectly, puts  it:

>are not men inconsistent too? Certainly women are, and politicians; and {53} even male non-politicians (121) contradict themselves sometimes, and a single inconsistency is enough to make a system inconsistent.

Lucas suggests that this is not a problem if we let the machine or person correct themselves.  "A fallible but self-correcting machine would still be subject to Goedel's results."  

A natural model of self correction is that a formula is considered true by a person/machine if it is assented to at some time t, and not dissented from at a later time.  This captures Lucas's idea that "we eschew inconsistencies when we recognize them for what they are." 

The downside of this definition is that the set of true formulas of this system are not r.e.    Consider enumeration of all universal arithmetic sentences, and an enumeration of all existential sentences, natural number pairs.  We assert the universal sentence i at time 2 i, and check the existential sentence j to see if k is a witness at time 1+2 (j,k).  Every true existential is eventually asserted, so only the true universals are left asserted and not later denied.  Thus we have exactly the true sentences with a single quantifier, a non-r.e. set.
This seems so obvious! Of course if all you're reading is theory you're missing out on exploring the ways different mindsets can impact your relationships or lifestyles or whatever, which is what fiction serves to provide - a peek into a different mode of being.

It's tricky finding literature that actually reflects/accentuates/dramatizes philosophic concepts specifically. Like, Samuel Delany is exemplary, and Milan Kundera, Borges certainly, though they all tend to zigzag across the boundary of fiction/non-fiction theory... 
At a skim, I read that as, "Why philosophy needs interview with Dice Clay."  That would really bring a lot of fresh ideas to the Philosophy world.               
             
I may be completely misinterpreting things, but in what sense is non-neutral good? Even more specifically, she wants Philosophy to minimize implicit bias by using non-neutral thinking. How does that sentence even begin to make sense. Bias is non-neutral thinking. That is the definition of Bias. You cannot minimize bias by introducing more bias. 
Very interesting and I agree on most except for 2 and 3, I don't think Trump is a fascist  
#5 is very elitist.
An analysis of the Obama administration via Arendt's work would be more illuminating. Obama has had 8 years in power, including the first few years with a compliant Congress that passed a massive overhaul of the healthcare system that fits Arendt's definition of "totalitarian": 

>Totalitarian movements are fundamentally different from autocratic regimes, says Arendt, insofar as autocratic regimes seek only to gain absolute political power and to outlaw opposition, while **totalitarian regimes seek to dominate every aspect of everyone's life**
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Origins_of_Totalitarianism

Trump, in contrast, is likely to lose the election to Hillary, who has further totalitarian leanings (e.g., closing a 'wage gap', nationalized job training programs)
I think the link may be broken.  
> The genetic argument is based on the philosophical principle “ex nihilo, nihil fit”–nothing can bring about something which it does not already possess. If human consciousness came to be through a physical process of evolution, then physical matter must already contain some basic form of mental being.

Isn't this easily dismissable? Think of any feature on a creature: eyes, lungs, whatever. 

They're just combinations of matter that respond to other combinations of matter. The receptor for an output.

I think it's fairly obvious that eyes didn't "always exist." But perhaps a singular physical entity did, that split into 2 parts: one part to see and one to be seen by. Can you have a one-sided coin?

Along those lines, consciousness is an eventual combination that has a simple origin extending from an increase in complexity. Other things have it, just at a smaller interval or bandwidth. 

The next iteration: human evolution via technological extension, will have modifications to that consciousness to be a literal hive mind to the point that we will not be able to fathom what it was like when we were disconnected individuals.


Well........ everything is just an accident of the universe if we accept the article's implicit definition lol.
mind is not accident, it is a response. it is a natural occurring phenomenon. In this universe it would be wiser to assume that something is more likely to occur millions, billions, trillions of times and not once in a rare occurrence. 
Why are these things written the way they are. I may not be the smartest cookie from the cutter but I have a fairly firm grasp of english and had to read this several times to even understand it. The ideas could have been expressed far more intuitively using plain english instead of this overly formal grandiose nonsense.

Turns out, having deciphered the jargon, that this is pseudo-intellectual mental masturbation isn't it? Yes it may be true that consciousness may be universal in some way but this article says little more than that.

The comments on the thread by someperson99, inpu and eqleriq are far more salient, concise and interesting than the article itself. Reddit is a strange place. 
>a reductive world-view leaves the mind lacking any purpose

Why is this a problem, other than that some people may find it depressing? 
Panpsychism explains nothing. Might as well just say materialism is incomplete and that "mind" exceeds the material frame. 
I'm deeply disturbed about the fact that I'm agreeing with this. I never thought of it that way. Yes most other physical matters and I are made of the same stuff but I *know* they're not conscious. 

Consciousness takes a complex arrangement of the same atoms that we carry. It's like putting together a million piece puzzle. Yes we have the same pieces but you need to put them in a specific order *coincidentally* to get the picture. 
Based on this comments section, all scientists should be forced to take a philosophy of mind course. So much reductive materialistic nonsense in here.
What if the universe is an accident of the mind?
I'm surprised nobody has mentioned how rare it is for an actual cell to appear as we know it on this planet. The evolution of mitochondria itself is fascinating and when you realize how rare it is just for that to happen, you begin to appreciate life a little bit more
>On the one hand, panpsychism bridges the modern epistemological gap between the subject of experience and the experienced object, the latter of whose intrinsic nature is unknown to us. Panpsychists claim that we know the intrinsic nature of matter because we are familiar with it through our own consciousness. Freya Mathews argues in her “For the Love of Matter” (2003):
>
>>    “… the materialist view of the world that is a corollary of dualism maroons the epistemic subject in the small if charmed circle of its own subjectivity, and that it is only the reanimation of matter itself that enables the subject to reconnect with reality. This ‘argument from realism’ constitutes my defense of panpsychism.” (Mathews, 2003, 44)
>
>On the other hand, panpsychism paints a picture of reality that emphasizes a humane and caring relationship with nature due to its fundamental rejection of the Cartesian conception of nature as a mechanism to be exploited by mankind. For the panpsychist, we encounter in nature other entities of intrinsic value, rather than objects to be manipulated for our gain.

This is astoundingly fuzzy thinking for being published on PhilosophyOfBrains.
That painting is beautiful.
If it is an accident then the argument of multiple universes or infinite dimensions grows stronger.  
 Let's say we are one of many "bubbles" surrounded by many more. Like a huge lottery,  
 our universe so far has one known winner for the mind in our solar system.   
Those many other beings who haven't accidentally developed self conscious minds simply can't   
ask this question. Therefore, we feel special. We ask, "why am I not existing somewhere else?"  
"Why am I so lucky to be a human on Earth?" It is because you have the mind to ask this question.  
Otherwise, you wouldn't exist here. In a large universe or especially in multiple universes; there must  
be enough probability for other minds to have developed a consciousness by chance events.  
They too wonder about the same questions. 
This article just seems to be more pseudo science arguing for the mind being a non-material entity, ie spiritual.

The simple fact that we can take drugs that modify our thoughts proves that our consciousness is purely physical.

Dualism is religious nonsense. Pansychism, to my understanding, is basically saying that universe has some sort of underlying consciousness. There's no evidence for that. I think it makes sense that consciousness is a natural product of the universe, and probably has occurred many times in the past, present, and onwards into the future. 
accident... incident
I don't know about you guys but I want to wank a bannana !
How are we defining conciousness?
I think of it the other way around.
Probably not considering an accident is a concept created by the human mind. So is time..
The mind is not an accident, it's just a way for the universe to make sence of itself.
RemindMe! 12 hours
i so want to sit down with Chalmers and hash out how this all plays out.

what if indigenous Americans were correct this whole time and Earth is conscious ... boy she must be pissed right now.

#NoDAPL

Buffalo Nation

Eagle Nation
Energy and derails.
A better question would be: Is the universe just an accident of the mind?
You'll never know until you can think with something other than a mind.
Makes you kinda wonder what kind of universes are in the very air you breathe. As you walk, electrons disturbed... universes destroyed. Trillionths of a fraction of a second, as I type this, civilizations created and destroyed but on an infinitely smaller scale. 
This article seems to be scratching at an idea that probably a lot of people have had but only muddies the waters as opposed to making anything more clear.
I'm far more inclined to think; "The Universe is the result of our 'minds' "

"we" create our world with our thought!
I like going through Reddit to see who has more wrinkles in their brain than me
The universe IS mind.
Or... Is the universe an accident of the mind? ;p 
is it just me or does panpsychism seem to undermine the entirety of physics?

edit: with nonsense
The mind is like the fizzy carbonation in an ice cold beverage. It is all about chemistry and reaches a temporary state of sentience. It tastes great and has a pleasant refreshing smell that tickles the nose... then it goes flat and you can corrode a penny in it.
Gobbledygook is a better title
Doesn't "accident" imply that there was an intention?  
no mysticism required. the laws of physics made it possible for stars, planets and eventually evolution, this process takes any intelligence out of it - you don't need intelligent atoms or intelligent design to get consciousness / intelligent life. so i don't understand the point of panpsychism. 
There is this idea in popular media that compares the microscopic structure of the brain with macroscopic structures of the universe. Apparently they look similar.  It seems like such a nice idea, I didn't know it was called panpsychism. It is quite similar also to the idea of Pan-theism. 
No! It is intelligently and lovingly designed by God 
Maybe the universe is an accident of the mind?

Will a tree, mountain or cow agree with our human definitions? 

Our mind may be too limited by the restraints of our body. 
Think thermodynamics, if heat=energy, what would stop a "higher power" from using celestial bodies as a source of energy. Just as cells form tissue form organs, maybe we are all part of something bigger in a way most people don't understand. The earth has been through many cycles of temperature variation, we could be a component of an energy generator. Or creatures (creations) are used for some other purpose, collecting experiences from as many living organisms at a point in time. Humans create most likely the largest amount of knowledge and experiences in a lifetime compared to other living things. Evolution sure seems to be about outwitting others and becoming more intelligent. Or maybe with humanity exceeding its carrying capacity (we are overdue for a number decrease, maybe a great flood, plague of locusts...) the planet is trying to wobble back into some balance (species numbers? global temperatures?). Think Yuga Cycles or Kardashev scale.

Spirit is just the thoughts of the "All" currently residing in you. You can't change what you do, accept your predetermined fate. Collective consciousness is the driver of evolution and is the spirit. God is form of energy we cannot discover presently or ever. Language developed at about the same time everywhere on the planet, inventions and styles of music and art did as well. 

Our brains are receivers (and other points in the body receive messages constantly also) but humans have not yet reached the next organizational level to know why or to what ends.
Austrian physicist Heinz Oberhummer wrote a book "Kann das Alles Zufall sein? (about: Is everything just an accident?) and he literally found god in Nucleosynthesis or rather a very small margin, where the creation of everything was possible. 

To me personally panpsychism seems like a modern way to believe in spirits and I wonder how that perspective will change over the years. Will I be pragmatic enough to believe in something else, so I can die more easily?
> Specifically, a reductive world-view leaves the mind lacking any purpose,

First, why do you suppose there is a purpose? Second, mind has a purpose within evolution: to give an advantage to individuals that posses it.

Also, here's a [long but interesting essay by Eliezer Yudkowski](http://lesswrong.com/lw/p7/zombies_zombies/), showing the absurdity of pan-psychism-like views.
The mind , the self conscious awareness of experiencing reality, the "I am" is a "gift" that our universe has bestowed upon us, same with our physical body. Everything we have (mind, body, spirit, consciousness ) is an individualized unit of a type of energy that is much greater, older, and divine than what we as a species currently understand.  Literally prexistant energy fields of different types of consciousness pervading material space. we are part of the universe experiencing itself objectively.

With the philosophical principle “ex nihilo, nihil fit”–nothing can bring about something which it does not already possess, you can explain how's us humans, or as u think , "SUPER RARE INTELLIGENT LIFE PHENOMENON", are really just a normal yet divine occurrence, and this really is just how the universe has worked, is working, and will forever work. "Consciousness is what makes the universe exist", were just a smal link in an infinite chain that tells the story of evolving consciousness throughout all of creation.
God created the entire system.  We are slowly learning how it works.  If you want to argue who or what God is you can but something way over our pay grade is very intentional in the way this World works and how it began and how it's going to end.  It's ridiculous to think any of this is accidental.  You don't have to be religious to believe in a Creator.
I just noticed that the links to the videos seem to be missing. They can still be found by searching for the titles, but I'll link them here for convenience.

Link|Description
:--|:--
[**The case for naturalism**](https://www.preposterousuniverse.com/blog/2012/05/07/the-case-for-naturalism/) |This was my opening statement at a [debate](https://www.preposterousuniverse.com/blog/2012/03/28/the-great-debate-science-vs-religion/) on the existence of God. It was set to some very nice visuals by whoever runs the [Inspiration Journey](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClBMAo8Un3grZzwJl-h1Nlw/feed) YouTube channel.
[**Poetic Naturalism**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xv0mKsO2goA)|A talk at the University of Oxford. This was at a conference of scientists and philosophers, so it’s a bit more academic than the others.
[**Purpose and the Universe**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?annotation_id=annotation_419575&feature=iv&src_vid=jar-Wzy1gsI&v=bcqd3Q7X_1A)|A talk to the American Humanist Conference. The universe doesn’t have a purpose, nor does it give any purposes to us; that doesn’t prevent us from creating purpose for ourselves. 
[**Death and Physics**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40eiycH077A)|A talk to the Freedom From Religion Foundation. Life is a process, not a substance, and death is the end of that process, as surely as extinguishing a candle is the end of its flame. Confronting this reality is a major project for naturalism.

Democracy is not about making good policy. Democracy is about making government legitimate. 
I think this sounds good in theory:

> Brennan argues that it’s entirely justifiable to limit the political power that the irrational, the ignorant, and the incompetent have over others.

The problem is in determining who is irrational, ignorant, or incompetent.  It means that you have to have some test, and the test needs to be devised and conducted by someone.  There's a tendency of people to rig the tests they create, even if unintentionally, toward "people who agree with me and share my viewpoint."

The article even begins to get at this later on:

> The idea of a voter exam, for example, was dismissed by Brennan himself in “The Ethics of Voting” as “ripe for abuse and institutional capture.” There’s no mention in his new book of any measures that he would put in place to prevent such dangers.... Knowledge about politics, Brennan reports, is higher in people who have more education and higher income, live in the West, belong to the Republican Party, and are middle-aged; it’s lower among blacks and women.

And I think part of the problem here is what we mean by "knowledge of politics".  Knowledge of world events?  Knowledge of current events trivia?  Does that "knowledge" count if it's skewed, slanted, or incomplete (incomplete knowledge can be more misleading than complete ignorance)?  It's not clear what this "knowledge" entails, and even worse, we don't know how it relates to *judgement*.
All political systems have there merit, the problem is people. Not voters, but those in power. People are the worst, plain and simple, no one is immune from corruption, bias, self servitude, "the greater good", or the economic reality of growth through expansion which inevitably leads to conflict and/or exploitation.
Lets be honest, if we could count on benevolent dictators to stay benevolent.  That would likely be the best form of governance.

It's worked very well historically....

Until they become not so benevolent and start the mass killings of everyone who has opinion.
I was worried when I started seeing Plato mentioned, and then was glad to see this:

> The scheme was so byzantine and cockamamie that many suspect Plato couldn’t have been serious; Hobbes, for one, called the idea “useless.”

It's depressing when people seriously advocate for having a philosopher king.
Any test to confirm that a constituent has enough knowledge to vote is biased towards the knowledge valued by the tester.  This is likely to lead to a regressive system that benefits an ever smaller constituency of *"valued"* individuals.

It is a variant of what the US has now.   It moves the current wealth based political power into more direct voting based power.  The current system is visibly failing.   Jason Brennan is arguing that cementing the power of the elites would be an improvement.  Every bit of evidence contradicts his theory.

Some  partisan examples.  

The educated elite corresponds strongly to wealthy white males.  Wealthy white males favor Donald Trump (47%) over Hillary Clinton (33%).   Donald Trump is a walking talking disaster with respect to every function of government.  The educated elite that Brennan et al want to control all government support policies that benefit them personally even though those policies are terrible for the country (trickle down) or even the world (climate change).

I claim that there is no benefit to the type of system Brennan proposes and arguably there is a strong negative affect.
[removed]
It looks like very few people here read the article.

Its good to see a column critically looking at epistocracy. The problem is, I think, that epistocrats aren't more likely to be enlightened than democrats. In America they would largely vote for Trump apparently, which should be disqualification enough. Maybe poor blacks and LBGT people should vote the people who decide on social policy - expertise in being a college educated white male doesn't actually cover all parts of human existence. And given older, whiter, richer people vote more, surely Brennan must concede he's already in an imperfect epistocracy and that kinda sucks, given he's using epistocratic arguments to show it is terrible.

The truth is, I suspect, that democracy works because it allocates some power to everyone in a way everyone roughly respects. And its no surprise that in democracies those who can't or don't vote in great numbers are the ones who are marginalized. 

And the more political, the more factions factioneering, I think the stronger democracies are when there is a large amount of cooperation and competition possible to achieve political ends. I think this is an American problem, because their politics are awful.  And the solution is significant constitutional change around how they choose representatives.
An aristocracy or oligarchy or whatever assumes that there's an objectively true version of "good". So that there's a "good government" and a "bad government" and we can decide which is which absolutely.. Democratic forms of government assume that either this doesn't exist or can't be determined objectively, so we have everyone throw in their opinion on the matter. 



Put another way, if a majority of voters really wanted everyone to wear a purple hat, who is to say that purple hats weren't the greatest good?
Why do intellectuals always think things would be better if only they were in charge?

Why do ignorami always think things would be better if only they were in charge?
Interesting article, I appreciate how it attempts not to take a side in the discussion, but presents the difficulties within democracies as well as their proposed replacements.

I think the question of a "qualified" voter is interesting, but the bottom line to me is that we must at some point trust in our neighbor's basic ability to solve problems, collaborate, and have the interests of others in mind.  That's of course not true for everyone, but once we become so distrustful of candidates as well as voters, we've given up on the very concept of a nation.

Regardless of the system used to determine representation and governance, we should encourage freedom and integrity of information over all.

We cannot force voters and representatives to be Vulcans, but we can lead them to the information they would need to act like one.
[deleted]
I think there's an important quote which may be found in this article. 

“Democracy is the worst form of government except all those other forms that have been tried from time to time.” 

-Winston Churchill
[removed]
All this seems to miss the fact that we are actually a democratic republic.  That is the issue that most American seem to lament about our current system.  The people elected don't really reflect their constituency (they are elites representing plebes) and therefore vote to enrich the elite at the expense of the plebes.

I personally think we should just move to a direct democracy or lawmaker jury type arrangement to best represent the people.  Ballot initiatives seem to be the only way to get any significant change in this country (these states), and that is essentially direct democracy.  Alternatively, if we just randomly put people into the governement, I hardly doubt they would mess it up anymore than it currently is.  I think it would simplify laws so everyday people could easily understand/follow them.  

Obviously there would be many details to iron out, and we'd have to provide oversight to prevent tyranny of the masses and huge policy swings.  What do you think about these approaches instead?  
The case for democracy: each adult citizen has a right to participate in the government that excersizes authority over them. For fuck sake we went to war with Great Britain over this idea. 
I always thought that [THIS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Technocracy) form of government was inevitably going to be the government of the future, if we live long enough to have a future (dystopian world following WW3 being the alternative). Isn't that exactly what Platon seem to wish for?
[Nietzsche's life work summed up](http://i.imgur.com/vU4niwD.jpg)
**Hitler:** I love your book. Man, superman, not everyone is equal. Kill all the Jews.

**Nietzsche:** Sorry?

...

https://youtu.be/Lb5zUG9UzFE?t=39s
Just an aside but I hate when a page tries to make you watch a video instead of letting you just read the article. 
I'm really glad to see content on this sub for the beginners. Thanks, OP!

Question to you and others: what's the next step after watching loads of videos on philosophy? I feel it's too soon to start reading actual original books (/works) yet.

Would appreciate your help.
When I read thus spoke zarathustra

I decided that Nietzche's favorite movie would be Ferris Bueller's Day Off. 
[removed]
A really great podcast, [Philosophize This!](http://www.philosophizethis.org/) is currently doing a series on Nietzsche. I highly recommend it!
The Genealogy was the most insightful thing I've ever read.   That kind of resentful reversal of values or attitudes, etc. is something I've seen in so many different situations, and not just in religion.


And the few times I'm obligated to go to church for family reasons when I visit my parents, I'm often reminded of reading that book for the first time........when I'm sitting in a multimillion dollar sanctuary with a soundboard that cost 100k, hearing about how 'the world hates us and we need to not move beyond it because the world is failing'


What I wonder is: has any work of fiction fouled up Nietzsche more than *God's Not Dead*?
I don't see how "pop culture" can "get something wrong" as if it is some deliberating entity. All of the movie clips in the video feature characters talking about Nietzsche, and English Lit 101 tells us that what a character says is not indicative of the author's, or anyone's, beliefs. I have only seen a handful of the movies featured in the video, but in some of them the thoughts about Nietzsche were presented as those of characters who were themselves arrogant, dumb, or try-hard. Thus, pop culture may be completely understanding Nietzsche. You can definitely say certain people misunderstand Nietzsche, or even most people, but I don't see how that holds for "pop culture."

Also I don't think it's wholly accurate to portray Nietzsche as this bright ray of sunshine as many people nowadays do, who says "be urself" and "be creative" and "nihilism is bad lmao." Nietzsche had a complex relationship to nihilism in its multiple sense, and was not afraid of discussing the meaninglessness of existence, the triumph of slave morality over creative individuals, or individual suffering towards no end. The video kind of implies that the values we are to create are going to be positive for others and not selfish in any way, ie the overman is in distinction to master morality alone. But creating values that simply reproduce democracy and equality are no creation, and Nietzsche wrote on the cruelty, power, and distance of the overman.
Of course that approach to him is in reaction to teenagers and Nazis misreading him, who are shockingly still around and growing, but I think this safe reading of him has its own hidden agendas that reproduce exactly what Nietzsche hated.
[removed]
Couldn't see the video but I'll make a few points;
Yes, Nietzsches nihilism is optimistic without question. Nietzsche is reacting to pessimism,  to Schopenhauer, while he certainly accepts much of Schopenhauers philosophy and holds him to high regard, his pessimism is despised. 
Another myth is of the individual, some people tend to associate Nietzsche with Stiner esque individualism, this is not the case. It isn't that Nietzsche wants to destroy myths, he rather wants to create lofe affirming myths, a tragic culture. He affirms gods here, greek gods since they brought a fully life affirming culture, this is his central thesis of the birth of tragedy. Christianity is not rejected for being a "spook" or something, it is rejected for upholding a myth that hinders the affirmation of life, pragmatism. Although this critique may work for traditional Christianity(and that is really what Nietzsche is getting at, an historical analysis) this critique fails in modern Christianity such that we see in Dosteyvsky. And this brings me to another myth, Nietzsche hates religion, this is far from the truth! Nietzsche has high regard for pagan religions, again, religion "in itself" is not what Nietzsxhe is interested in, only the cultural relation. 
Eh, I'm pretty sure TD mentions Nietzsche only once, I remember MM's character talking a lot more Schopenhauer. 
That was a short article. The reason pop culture got Nietzsche wrong is that we didn't consider him our greatest philologist turned social critic, and lumped him in with philosophers. Read Gorgias, you'll find Nietzsche.
Doesn't pop culture get everything wrong?
This is great, except for the True Detective example. In that scene, the guy says "Time is a flat circle," and Rust – not understanding what he means – asks, "What is that, Nietzsche?" 

Later, in his interview with the two cops, Rust revisits the topic and it's clear that he now realizes it has nothing to do with Nietzsche. 

In fact, Palazzo (True Detective's creator) has hinted that the whole bit about time being a flat circle comes from the characters having some inkling of awareness that they are TV characters, 2-dimensional (flat), and doomed to repeat the same story forever (in a circle). We, the viewers, are the higher-dimensional beings that Rust mentions. 

So yeah, it's not Nietzsche, but the show never claimed it was. 
Season One of True Detective was still bomb as fuck though
As a complete layman, I'm just wondering what would make humanity NOT selfish if not for objective morality? There are (or not) few superior people who can do that but other 7 billions are not so what about very pragmatic stuff like society and civil order?
Has anyone read his lectures titled, "Anti-Education"? I've found them to be quite interesting, and really applicable today. They're certainly some of his lesser known works.
So the time is circle thing is basically the demon at the end of the bed scenario 
I never researched him much but when I heard about nihilism I always viewed it through an optimistic lense. I mean yeah everything is chaotic and in the grand scheme of things, very little, if anything at all, matters, but that doesn't mean we can't enjoy what we have for it's own sake and strive to lift each other up. Christianity and other such religions provide an eternal reward for doing good and keeping society in order, while saying you shouldn't expect a reward for that. If that's so, why do we need it at all to do what is beneficial for ourselves and each other? Discarding belief in all of this preestablished order and moral code, and then continuing to do what we feel is right, is just as good as the alternative, perhaps even better since it's more flexible and can let us progress and improve as a society more easily. That's what I gathered from nihilism. 
I taught a unit on modernist philosophy in my English classes last year. It took me three weeks to convince my students that "god is dead" was about culture and our society no longer aligning with 19th century Christianity and that given how differently we act than they did, that he was right. It was... a process. 
I never did much reading about Nietzsche but I always took a big interest in nihilism.  
  
I'm not sure if the philosophy I live by is true nihilism but my train of thought was "No objective or universal value to anything, including human life, is positive, because it means complete freedom from worry". Basically the way I view nihilism is that I agree with the premise that nothing or noone has any real objective value but it does not prevent people from being able to find subjective meaning in life and thus enjoy it in all aspects.  
  
For me, both moral and existential nihilism lead to ataraxia and nothing negative.   
  
Disclaimer: English is not my native language incase my grammar is messed up.
Is it suprising when he is criticising two staples of Western life - drinking and Christianity? And calling people who do these things inferior and sheep?

He was not a tactful man.
I always explain Big N thusly: he had a vision of the modern world and it drove him mad trying to think of a way of saving us from it. 
I do inherently believe that the universe is meaningless. But accepting that lack of meaning after becoming aware of it is such a waste of that knowledge. We are, as far as we know, the only beings in this meaningless universe to become conscious and recognize where we exist, and we must create meaning in life, not just accept meaninglessness.
I'd like to see Slavoj Žižek discuss this with Lady Gaga.
Anyone else notice that the movie scene at 4:10 is from The Life of Brian?

EDIT: oops, posted this before finding that plenty of the other videos are also from Monty Python :P
The word objective seems to be throwing me off.  Wouldn't objective morality not rely on religion or class identity?  Wouldn't the kind of morality Nietzsche promoted be objective?
He believed we could morally reject morals. 
Alex (not Søren) Kierkegaard's "Orgy of the Will," is probably an example of this kind of misinterpretation of Nietzsche. Hard to stomach. Hard to believe he makes a couple of good points.
"Some day, after a much longer preparation, will an even more fearful blaze from the old fire not have to take place? More than that: wouldn’t this be exactly what we should hope for with all
our strength? Even will it? Even demand it? Anyone who, like my readers, begins to reflect on these points, to think further, will have difficulty coming to a quick conclusion—reason enough for me to come to a conclusion myself, provided that it has been sufficiently clear for a long time what I want, precisely what I want with that
dangerous slogan which is written on the body of my last book: “Beyond Good and Evil” .
. . At least this does not mean “Beyond Good and Bad."
 - Genealogy of Morals Essay 1 section 17

It seems here that Nietzsche actively supports a return to master morality, something that you say in the video he does not. Thoughts? I am not sure, but it seems to me that when he argues we should will the "old fire" (past morality) to return, he is supporting the notion of the return of master morality.

Just read the books
It's fine to get people into the books and think more deeply about this stuff, but people don't just pull things out of thin air. If this is how they read Nietzsche, there must be something in Nietzsche that lends him to be read this way. 
All you have to do is read The Will to Power and it becomes bloody obvious what his stance on nihilism and what his own philosophy was
Would Leopold and Loeb's view of Nietzsche's writing be classed under the pop culture distortion?
i've read a bit of nietzsche (only "Also sprach Zarathrustra" thus far, didn't rly make me wanna read more)

he has some 'interesting' thoughts... or better said: reading him triggers some interesting thought processes, but i barely find myself agreeing with his position.

Hypothesis: "How pop culture got [insert anything here] wrong" is always a valid statement.
There was a cluster of  "Neitsche Fanboys"  who circulated around stickam in its heyday.   They acted as if Nietzsche's body of work was gospel.    

Nearly everyone gets Nietzsche wrong, and not just the fanboys.   Nietzsche and Shopenhauer were vitalists.   Nietzsche's entire life work was building up a system around an amorphous cosmic substance called the *"Will to Power"* .  This  *elan vital* is allegedly expressed in more high concentrations in lone apex predators, and expressed less in hive insects and 'herd animals'.   He  explicitly wrote that it is expressed partially in amoebas. 

Nietzsche then went on to characterize Christian morality as a quote, "sickness of the Will"  (using here vitalist terms again). 

The fact that Nietzsche was **scientifically wrong about biology** and life on earth was something the fanboys could neither understand nor stomach. Their denial extended even when such was explained to them in clear language, backed by multiple quotations of Nietzsche's writings. 

The misunderstanding is in the supposition that anyone who believes in vitalism must be "stupid"  or "uneducated" in some way.  Again, this is more misunderstanding of history.   Vitalism was believed by the most highly educated scientists of the victorian era.   Nietzsche's vitalism (inherited from his university professor, Artur Schopenhauer)   did not make him "stupid", it made him a man of his time. 


___ 

#EDIT FOR YOU DOWNVOTERS :

The following text is but one example in support of the above.   Nietzsche goes on in other books and extends this notion to other animals and insects.  In one case talking extensively about bees.

The amoeba is a metaphor that Nietzsche uses in multiple places (as JonZ points out, there is a reference to a "protoplasm" or "amoeba" as you translate here in WP). I suggest either the Kaufmann or Levy translations as these are probably most authentic to the original German. From my copy of Levy, at Note 656:


*The will to power can manifest itself only against obstacles ; it therefore goes in search of what resists it--this is the primitive tendency of the protoplasm when it extends its pseudopodia and feels about it. The act of appropriation and assimilation is, above all, the result of a desire to overpower, a process of forming, of additional building and rebuilding, until at last the subjected creature has become completely a part of the superior creature's sphere of power, and has increased the latter.*

Here also, from Kaufmann:

*Let us take the simplest case, that of primitive nourishment: the protoplasm stretches its pseudopodia in order to search for something that resists it--not from hunger but from will to power. It then attempts to overcome this thing, to appropriate it, to incorporate it. What we call "nourishment" is merely a derivative appearance, a practical application of that original will to become stronger.*

Turned into "a darling of Nazi"? Nietzsche was not a Nazi... His material was later edited by his sister, who was a Nazi supporter, and absolutely defiled his work with her Nazi propaganda.
[removed]
TIL pop culture icon Kanye West is very likely a Nietzschean superman.



Hmm... I'm a little disappointed they didn't mention Also Sprach Zarathustra as a type of honorable mention at the end. 
[removed]
Always have a great respect for someone who examines something so deep that eventually it kills them
I think it's fair to say that [he](https://streamable.com/prpb) ultimately *did* fail to advance the human condition...
My system doesn't like Flash videos (and neither do I, really),
so here's my generic response to stuff like this:

Sure, the "pop culture" understanding of Nietzsche is shallow and
all that, and okay you can call him a "subtle thinker", but you
can also say that he was all over the map and didn't
fundamentally make any sense ("The eternal return"? "The coming
of the overman"? Do those two really work together?  If they did,
is there a reason why you would care?).

He was a philosopher who went around talking about how he'd
like to make mankind stronger, more evil, more profound and more
*beautiful*, so it should hardly come as a surprise that some
genuinely evil people latched on to him as their guy.

Sure, he certainly was opposed to anti-semitism, but it's not
like that opposition was a big theme in his major works (it comes
up in "Nietzsche Contra Wagner", as I remember it, and no place
more prominent than that).

He wrote about how religion is stupid and had this new, superior way of thinking and living, but what did it do for him? he had a nervous breakdown and died a sad man.

When I read thus spoke tharathustra, I reall believed he actually would have been a christian had he understood christianity. Jesus talked about being "ubermensch" 2000 years earlier. he called it being "son of man"
[removed]
Count me among the apparently naive atheists who believe the existence of God can be treated as a scientific question.

By van Inwagen's own admission, God's existence is not testable through empirical methods - he has no "local presence". So it follows that the a God-sustained universe and a Godless universe are indistinguishable from the standpoint of observation. So parsimony recommends that we accept the the model with fewer ontological commitments - that there is no God. Since scientists routinely adjudicate between competing theories using such Ockhamist considerations, I take this argument to exist well within the bounds of science.

Really, I think that van Inwagen anticipates this point, and tries to head it off with some obscure, spooky handwaving:

You see, God is not that ghostly dad who answers our prayers and performs miracles, despite what those vulgar laypeople believe. So, stupid atheist, you can't just perform some experiment and prove that he is not there. But then again, he's not quite the invisible dragon that we can banish through appeal to parsimony either. You see, God is "connected with our observations of the physical world in only the most indirect and subtle of ways."
I think the title really doesn't do this article justice. Sure, at first the author brushes on the stated question, but the article rapidly evolves into a much broader argument about the nature of philosophy itself. I would suggest everyone to read the entire article, at least up to the page labeled 50.
[Proof](http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Proof) is for alcohol and mathematics. [Science never proves anything.](https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-scientific-fundamentalist/200811/common-misconceptions-about-science-i-scientific-proof)

-

We can however ask, [if God is a good theory](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ew_cNONhhKI).

I think that the biggest problem with this argument is the lack of definition for "Atheism" I tend to go with the general (though lesser known) definition of "Atheism" which is: "A lack of belief in god". I personally do not think it is possible to disprove a god and thinking that there is absolutely no god is at the same level of irrationality as being 100% sure that there IS a god.
Can science disprove any concept that is relative, vague, or unspecified? "What is God?" - Ask 100 people that question and I doubt you will get a common answer. Certain concepts can be discredited using science as long as they are specified to a certain extent. Maybe it's just me that wonders which specific definition of the term "God" people are talking about when they write papers such as this.
Gods were in the past, and are currently, ways to explain that which we cannot yet explain.

Back a few millenia ago, they were used to explain weather, crop yields, prayed to for war, etc.

I suspect that while we won't be able to disprove god's existence, not for a loong time. We will be able to explain more and more things through science. As we do that, "god" will have fewer and fewer purposes.
Someone must have Nietzsche's collected works in computer format , able to be searched by key word. 

I have given some basic idea of where to find some of these things. 

+ Search  "tree" in Human , All too Human.  

+  Search for "Hive" or "bee"   , also "beehive"

+ wasp

+ Search for "herd" ,  "herd instinct" and "instinct"  

+ Search "amoeba"  and  "protoplasm"  , possible "pseudopod"

+  "insect"  

+ "beast"  ,  "predator" , and "prey" 

+  "will"   

+ "power"  (might as well find all references)  


Nietzsche makes an explicit reference to Schopenhauer's Will-to-Life. 

Beyond Good and Evil.

Chapter II. The Free Spirit

> What they would fain attain
with all their strength, is the universal, green-meadow happiness of the
herd, together with security, safety, comfort, and alleviation of life
for every one, their two most frequently chanted songs and doctrines
are called "Equality of Rights" and "Sympathy with All Sufferers"--and
suffering itself is looked upon by them as something which must be
DONE AWAY WITH. We opposite ones, however, who have opened our eye and
conscience to the question how and where the plant "man" has hitherto
grown most vigorously, believe that this has always taken place under
the opposite conditions, that for this end the dangerousness of his
situation had to be increased enormously, his inventive faculty and
dissembling power (his "spirit") had to develop into subtlety and daring
under long oppression and compulsion, and his **Will to Life** had to be
increased to the unconditioned **Will to Power**--we believe that severity,
violence, slavery, danger in the street and in the heart, secrecy,
stoicism, tempter's art and devilry of every kind,--that everything
wicked, terrible, tyrannical, predatory, and serpentine in man, serves
as well for the elevation of the human species as its opposite
From Human , all too Human.   Aphorism 176.


> (176) THE PATIENT.—The pine tree seems to listen, the fir tree to wait, and both without impatience. They do not give a thought to the petty human being below who is consumed by his impatience and his curiosity.




Nietzsche in his later notebooks from 1887.  He says he disagrees with the theory of evolution by natural selection.  Instead describes the Will-to-Power as the quote,  "ultimate ground and character of all change". 

> I tend to prejudice, that the Darwinian 
school has deceived itself everywhere. That will to power, in which I recognize the ultimate 
ground and character of all change again, gives us the means to justify, why the selection in 
favor of the exceptions and good fortune has not held: the strongest and happiest are weak when 
they organized herd-instinct if they have the timidity of the weak, the majority against him. My 
global aspect (Gesammtaspekt) the world shows the values that in the top-values, which are hung 
over humanity today was not the lucky cases, the selection types, the upper hand: but the types of 
decadence - perhaps there is nothing more interesting in the world as this unwanted drama... 


In case anyone was under the impression that Nietzsche's concepts of  "herd  instinct" and "Herd animal" were merely political metaphors,   above you will see Nietzsche using the phrase "herd-instinct" in an explicitly biological context. 



you should consider posting this to r/Nietzsche as well
`Beyond Good and Evil.`  

Nietzsche refers to nations full of men who have an "unbroken strength of will",  who militarily defeated more peaceful races (!!)  whose **"vital force"** was flickering out.   Nietzsche then emphasizes this was not merely their physical power which allowed a triumph -- but also  what he calls their "psychical power".  

> To be sure, one must not resign oneself to
any humanitarian illusions about the history of the origin of an
aristocratic society (that is to say, of the preliminary condition for
the elevation of the type "man"): the truth is hard. Let us acknowledge
unprejudicedly how every higher civilization hitherto has ORIGINATED!
Men with a still natural nature, barbarians in every terrible sense of
the word, men of prey, still in possession of **unbroken strength of will**
and desire for power, threw themselves upon weaker, more moral, more
peaceful races (perhaps trading or cattle-rearing communities), or upon
old mellow civilizations in which the **final vital force** was flickering
out in brilliant fireworks of wit and depravity. At the commencement,
the noble caste was always the barbarian caste: their superiority did
not consist first of all in their physical, but in their psychical
power--they were more COMPLETE men (which at every point also implies
the same as "more complete beasts").




`Beyond Good and Evil`

Nietzsche makes a blatantly biological metaphor between a nation's aristocratic class and the Sipo Matador vines that grow in Java.   

Nietzsche is making reference to the species *Mikania micrantha,* a tropical vine that grows in Indonesia.  It is one of the fastest growing vines in the world, and is known as an invasive species. When Mikania invades tea plantations, it quickly kills all the existing plants, and uses their drying corpses as elevation towards sunlight. 

+ http://www.iucngisd.org/gisd/species.php?sc=42

> The essential thing, however, in a good and healthy aristocracy is that it should not regard
itself as a function either of the kingship or the commonwealth, but
as the SIGNIFICANCE and highest justification thereof--that it should
therefore accept with a good conscience the sacrifice of a legion
of individuals, who, FOR ITS SAKE, must be suppressed and reduced to
imperfect men, to slaves and instruments. Its fundamental belief must
be precisely that society is NOT allowed to exist for its own sake, but
only as a foundation and scaffolding, by means of which a select class
of beings may be able to elevate themselves to their higher duties, and
in general to a higher EXISTENCE: like those sun-seeking climbing plants
in Java--they are called Sipo Matador,--which encircle an oak so
long and so often with their arms, until at last, high above it, but
supported by it, they can unfold their tops in the open light, and
exhibit their happiness.

**AUTHOR**:

[Christine M. Korsgaard](http://www.people.fas.harvard.edu/~korsgaar/), Arthur Kingsley Porter Professor of Philosophy,
Harvard University
> Not only could you describe the whole of human existence, but you could also precisely predict every event in it

The latter part of this sentence isn't actually true, or at least, certainly doesn't follow from the premise.  Surprisingly, knowing the starting conditions and the laws does not guarantee predictability, as you can construct analogous situations to the halting problem for any predictor simply because your act of prediction is (or could be) part of the universe you're predicting.  Any algorithm you follow to work out what will happen can be thwarted by something dependent on that algorithm's result.  Ie. any algorithm `A` cannot work out what the result of some bit of the universe (perhaps something taking action on your own prediciton) which is carring out the algorithm "if A(U) == X then Y else X", where U is the current state of the universe.


-

The "fact" that quantum mechanics is non-deterministic is not nearly as cut and dry as this post claims it its. 

-

(Copypasting myself from [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/57k9a8/eli5_why_is_it_impossible_to_generate_truly/d8srfyw/?context=3))

-

There are many different [interpretations of quantum mechanics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interpretations_of_quantum_mechanics)—explanations of just what is going on when a measurement is made and the [wave function collapses](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wave_function_collapse). The [most popular](https://www.preposterousuniverse.com/blog/2013/01/17/the-most-embarrassing-graph-in-modern-physics/) interpretation is the [Copenhagen interpretation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copenhagen_interpretation), which says that QM is truly random and a quantum system just sort of 'decides' what state it's in when a measurement is made. The [many worlds interpretation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Many-worlds_interpretation) says that every possible observation happens, but in different branches of the wavefunction of the multiverse (or in different "parallel universes," as it's sometimes described in scifi). So in the many worlds interpretation, the entire multiverse is completely deterministic, but what branch we happen to find ourselves in after a measurement is random. Then there's the [hidden variables interpretation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hidden_variable_theory). This is the one people are advocating for (whether they realize it or not) when they say things like, "Well, maybe our understanding of QM just isn't good enough to make predictions yet." The hidden variables interpretation says that QM is ultimately incomplete, and that a complete theory would provide descriptive categories to account for all observable behavior and thus avoid any indeterminism. 

-

We don't really know which of these is correct. But even if it's hidden variables ([and it probably isn't](https://www.preposterousuniverse.com/blog/2014/06/30/why-the-many-worlds-formulation-of-quantum-mechanics-is-probably-correct/)), said variables can *never* be used to predict outcomes. According to [Bell's theorem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bell%27s_theorem):

-

>*No physical theory of local hidden variables can ever reproduce all of the predictions of quantum mechanics.*

-

Or as /u/sikyon put it:

-

>*Bells' theorem proves that there is no hidden information limited by the speed of light which secretly controls randomness. Even in QM systems that are metaphysically deterministic they are beholden to bells theorem - all measurements are random (unless faster than light information can be propagated)*
>
>*Basically if there are hidden variables you can mathematically show that even if you don't know what they are they should show certain statistics. They don't.*

-

**Further reading:**

* [Reddit: Ask Science: **Can someone explain how exactly Bell's theorem shows QM cannot be explained by local hidden variables?**](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/jvgun/can_someone_explain_how_exactly_bells_theorem/)
* [Reddit: Ask Science: **Why is the hidden variable theory incorrect?**](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/19znj8/why_is_the_hidden_variable_theory_incorrect/)
* [**Bell's Theorem with Easy Math**](http://drchinese.com/David/Bell_Theorem_Easy_Math.htm)
* [Wikipedia: **Superdeterminism**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Superdeterminism)
* [Sean Carroll: **Why the Many-Worlds Formulation of Quantum Mechanics Is Probably Correct**](https://www.preposterousuniverse.com/blog/2014/06/30/why-the-many-worlds-formulation-of-quantum-mechanics-is-probably-correct/)
* [Sean Carroll: **Hypnotized by Quantum Mechanics**](https://www.preposterousuniverse.com/blog/2015/08/03/hypnotized-by-quantum-mechanics/)
* [Sean Carroll: **On Determinism**](https://www.preposterousuniverse.com/blog/2011/12/05/on-determinism/)
I'd have to see some evidence that randomness at the quantum level has a significant impact on the actions of larger molecules before I abandon my determinism. In addition, this is not so much an argument against free will, but of determinism. Presumably, quantum fluctuations are out of our control and we would still be unable to change the course of our minds etc.. 
>In essence, information is about what repeats in a pattern and what doesn’t.

No. Information **is** pattern, and randomness is lack of pattern. Information is any objective meaning some conscious being can derive from some kind of pattern. No patterns means randomness or homogeneity, randomness and homogeneity have no objective meaning and thus contain no information. Information ---> (helicopter) / No information -----> (ajdj;eumvz) or (rrrrrrrrrr). Same amount of digits, but one means something while the others mean nothing. Develop a commonly agreed upon communication protocol based on these code symbols (which contain no information individually or in a random configuration), and arrange them into things called words and sentences that mean something to someone, and you then have information.

>An infinitely long string of one digit contains very little information, much less in fact than a non repeating finite one. A random string of digits contains maximum information, as it cannot be compressed in any reliable way.

Both an infinite string of one digit and a random string of digits contain no information. 

>Thus, information is quite a lot like order, and the more disorderly a system is, whether it’s digits in a number or the positions of particles in a substance, the more information it contains.

Then this does not follow. Entropy and information are related, but not in this way. The more disorderly an information system is, the more random it is, thus the less information it contains. As information increases, entropy decreases (order increases).

>This correlation contradicts what we intuitively developed previously, due to the Second Law of Thermodynamics, which tells us that the level of entropy in the Universe is increasing, thus the amount of information in the Universe is increasing with it.

Nope. Information entropy is related to meaning and consciousness, not the second law of thermodynamics.





So ... goodbye free will believers? 
That is an extended begging-the-question fallacy.  If you assume that the universe already determined, then no possible evidence you encounter afterwards can possibly alter the conclusion.  
Quantum Mechanics is, without a doubt, a deterministic theory. The Schrodinger Equation evolves in a purely deterministic fashion, with absolutely no randomness. Which of the "worlds" (this doesn't actually need you to be an Everettian, it's just useful terminology) you end up in cannot be predicted from the start, this is where the "randomness" comes in. But the underlying evolution is 100% deterministic. There is still no room for libertarian free will.

This is a common mistake and it's something [Sean Carroll has gone over many times](http://www.preposterousuniverse.com/blog/2011/12/05/on-determinism/).
this is bs because you are basically in control of the output. with self discipline support etc. consequnces of negative environments can lead to increases of fateful circumcstances
Wow.  Dennett really liked to take a smug, strident tone in these letters, didn't he?  I agree with almost every actual point he makes, but here we are 20 years later: we don't yet fully understand consciousness and we don't yet have strong AI.
I am confident that i can provide clarification for all u asked- I need to jump on my computer to do such.......(as i cant stand writing via iphone)-
Some quibbles:
1. There are clearly a handful errors in the list (e.g., Spintered Mind's author and description, Leiter Report's lack of Alexa ranking, etc.).
2. The metrics used are nice insofar as they're data-based, but one might wonder whether the ranking could be improved by including other metrics.
3. For more on Alexa rankings: https://support.alexa.com/hc/en-us/articles/200449744-How-are-Alexa-s-traffic-rankings-determined-
[deleted]
>"if the people are full of food, have warm clothes, and live in comfort but are without instruction, then they come close to being animals"

Shots fired at the Taoists. Where is the commentary from Chuangtzu?
I have always disagreed with the idea that compassion and empathy for others is always not for self-interest. The definition of self-interest in this article is very limited in my opinion and not sufficient as an argument that Mengzi's philosophy is correct. Also Mengzi's ideas about social ritual and etiquette being hardwired are not completely implausible when you consider other philosophers like Mozi understood the importance of worship and rituals to maintain social harmony, regardless if their superstitious aspects were false. Having not actually read any of Mengzi's works, I don't actually know if he literally meant that Chinese ancestor worship and rituals were hardwired. It is possible he meant it in a more general sense like Mozi.
From what I understand the author emphasizes that Mengzi had a functional philosophy of how to teach compassion to people by extending the spheres of consideration from the family to others but he doesn't explain how to go about doing that in the article. That's the thing that would most interest me.

Also doesn't the final result of this 'Extension' of moral horizons from natural empathy to kingdom ultimately become the Mohist/Western Agent-Independent morality anyway?
Hey everyone, hopefully I can clarify a couple of questions that others are having about Van Norden's piece and the Mengzi itself:

1). Van Norden does oversimplify a bit when he says that Mengzi is concerned with compassion. The episode with the Ox only mentions a "heart that is unable-to-bear (*burenzhixin*)," and the one place where Mengzi gives any exposition on the structure of morality says that he's only concerned with "Four Sprouts (*siduan*)," commonly translated as "Humanness, righteousness, ritual, and wisdom (*renyilizhi*)." It's common for comparative philosophers to look at this as a statement of compassion, but what Mengzi is really saying is that we have a general moral compass that classifies everything in terms of the Four Sprouts. To be clear, I'm not saying that Mengzi is against compassion, but what he's suggesting is something slightly more subtle.

2) It's not that Mengzi thinks that material goods are unimportant. In several passages he suggests that the polity need to be taken care of in terms of their daily needs. However, he does think that moral perfection can occur independent of economic hardship (unlike Aristotle who accepts that some are just doomed to mediocrity). 

3). I've read some of Van Norden's other works and he's much more meticulous than his article suggests. He's actually one of the few scholars who has translated the Mengzi, and his work is very popular with virtue ethicists. 

Source: I'm a research assistant for one of his associates, and I've published an essay on the very passages in the Mengzi he discusses. (If anyone wants a copy, I'd be down to share it).
And then there is Xunzi, the 3rd most important confucian philosopher, who disagreed with Mengzi on the nature of human nature. According to him we are born bad and need education to grow up into decent human beings. Then his student Han Fei ran with that and created Legalism, where instead of / in addition to education we require draconian punishment for a functioning society.
Had to stop reading. The representation of Aristotle and Plato is beyond shallow.
>We've established that this act requires both a victim and a perpetrator

I think you're missing that it's still up for debate if the robots can be either of those without genuine agency. You haven't established that. If we take the show at its word at first, In the case of one robot programmed to "rape" another robot, neither would be a victim or perpetrator in the sense required to charge someone with committing a crime. There is no "someone". The robots are programmed to do an exact thing like a cartoon is drawn to play out in an exact way. The robots don't have sentience anymore than spongebob squarepants does. Or so the show first leads to believe. That concept of "kickstarting" consciousness revealed in the last episode I think, is the game changer. 

But of course all this glosses over the determinism/compatibilism/libertarian argument over what we even mean by free will and to what degree we assign moral responsibility in the first place. I doubt the show will get into that. I don't see how it could be worked into the plot honestly. 


>we're claiming that the act of raping the daughter robot is always morally reprehensible. In no case is it a morally acceptable behavior.

Why is it morally reprehensible? If I throw a furby in the trash, is that morally reprehensible? What if I attach a sex toy to a simple engine? 

These robots aren't intelligent - they're simulating intelligent behavior. Even if it turns out they can learn and change behavior based on circumstance, it's not a true AI. Once it is, then sure - you've got a true ethical dilemma. Until that point, no dilemma exists.
I would say the rapist robot is not at fault, since it ultimately does it just because it is programed to. (WW spoilers from here on out). I'm not sure about the girl tho. Since she shoots the rapist, despite not being authorized to use weapons she may be developing free will. Although she does hear a voice in her head say "shoot him." This could be her inner thoughts, or perhaps some other type of programming. Maybe a metaphor for all the external forces in our lives that subtly push us to make different choices? Either way it's a cool show.
It's not very useful to judge whether or not the robot is moral or not.  Ultimately the purpose of morality is to prevent people from doing things that damage others, but that doesn't work in your scenario because in a real deterministic environment, people's actions are influenced by external forces, where in your conceptual scenario, it is defined such that the same pattern will repeat no matter what.

The robot, as you've defined it, will actively fight against any attempts to divert him.  You can offer the robot all the money and women in the world to not rape the girl and threaten to kill it if it declines, and it will still go rape the girl.  

For that matter, you can incinerate the robot and shoot it's remains into space, and it will still rape the girl because the robot only exists in this conceptual world where by definition it rapes the girl every day and that world doesn't care about silly things such as external forces.  
This is more complex then it seemed on the surface. My knee jerk was to say no choice no responsibility. But then I got pondering what I meant by moral, and that got me pondering what I meant by responsibility.    
Moral connotes discernment of right from wrong and responsibility implies being the cause.    
But if you can't be the (root) cause without making a choice. If I push you off a building and you land on someone and kill them, you caused their death, but you aren't the root cause, I am.    
So the responsibility lies with the programmer.
It's a trite and derivative show. If you want to talk about the moral problems of robots becoming sentient, you'd do better to discuss the 1920 play R.U.R, in which the word "robot" first appeared. Or the robot stories of Isaac Asimov, or the collected works of Philip K. Dick. Or the movies Forbidden Planet, 2001, and Blade Runner. Westworld is at best a pseudo-intellectual mishmash of ideas that have been explored far more intelligently in many other works of speculative fiction going back a century.

From 1920:

> The play begins in a factory that makes artificial people, called roboti (robots), from synthetic organic matter. They are not exactly robots by the current definition of the term; these creatures are closer to the modern idea of cyborgs, androids or even clones, as they may be mistaken for humans and can think for themselves. They seem happy to work for humans at first but a robot rebellion leads to the extinction of the human race.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R.U.R.

For that matter we have the legend of Pygmalion, in which a scultor falls in love with a statue. From Wikipedia:

> The story of the breath of life in a statue has parallels in the examples of Daedalus, who used quicksilver to install a voice in his statues; of Hephaestus, who created automata for his workshop; of Talos, an artificial man of bronze; and (according to Hesiod) of Pandora, who was made from clay at the behest of Zeus.
The moral anecdote of the "Apega of Nabis", recounted by the historian Polybius, described a supposed mechanical simulacrum of the tyrant's wife, that crushed victims in her embrace.
The trope of a sculpture so lifelike that it seemed about to move was a commonplace with writers on works of art in antiquity. This trope was inherited by writers on art after the Renaissance.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pygmalion_(mythology)#Parallels_in_Greek_myth

Westworld is a hundred red herrings in search of a plot. IMO it's pretty weak sauce from a philosophical standpoint. For one thing, the show runners refuse to take a stand, to commit to one story line or one core plot. It's all over the place. It's /r/StonerPhilosophy, not philosophy. If one wants to talk about fictional explorations of the moral questions of machine sentience, there are far more compelling and coherent stories to choose from.

There is of course a flourishing subreddit, /r/westworld, in which people can discuss the "intellectual" content and various fan theories. The Man in Black is William. The Man in Black is Arnold. Bernard is Arnold. Ford is Arnold. Bernard is a robot. Ford is a robot. There are two timelines. There are more than two timelines. The staff are robots. The guests are robots. The robots are actually human, cloned from guest DNA. It never ends. And it's not philosophy. 

By the way, nobody ever rapes Dolores. She's a rescue object, not a rape object. Her purpose is to be menaced by other robots so that White Knight male guests can save her. It's clear by now that the Man in Black dragged her into the barn to reprogram her or find a clue to the maze, not to rape her. 

Jeez man I get enough of this on the Westworld sub. Not here please. I come to the Philosophy sub to actually learn something.
Would love to hear Singer talk more about this, but this article is 99% waffle, 1% interview.
I should not have to scroll through *four* paragraphs just to find out who is being interviewed.
Ugh Singer, a *foremost ethicist*? The guy advocates infanticide and an equation of man and animals. Singer is perhaps the most morally repugnant mainstream philosopher in the world today.
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
Arguing that god is actually a computer programmer sounds likes an attempt to modernize theology for the technology age.
[removed]
https://youtu.be/szzVlQ653as 
What's with the underlying assumption in Bostrom's argument that the universe in which the simulation we may inhabit is being run is equally as complex as ours?

We have one baseline for the computational complexity of worlds: the one we happen to find ourselves in. There's no broader set to employ comparisons from, we just ARE in a world that enjoys a certain level of complexity.

Why must our universe be an accurate simulation of the "real" universe (perhaps merely the next one up a long chain of simulation)? Maybe we're just farmville to "god", who in turn is a sim.

Short of a breakdown in the rules of physics that indicates something fishy going on (like an instance reset warning, for example) we can't ever get a point of comparison that would allow us to gather evidence one way or the other.

Is this article horribly misrepresenting the original argument?
[removed]
[removed]
Not a bad article. 

>Yet here’s another huge assumption Musk has to build in: Musk has to believe human beings will arrive at a point where consciousness — full-version consciousness, not a cheap imitation — can be replicated within a simulation.
But consciousness remains a mystery for a reason. Musk not only believes future civilizations will solve what David Chalmers famously called “the hard problem of consciousness,” but that their understanding of consciousness will be so total they’ll be able to effortlessly replicate it without limit.

I don't think one necessary has to have a solution to the hard problem in order to be able to create a simulation. We can already create conscious experiences by stimulating the brain, so it is foreseeable that we can come to a complete or near complete understanding of the neural correlates of consciousness, and use that information to build our simulation. But what isn't clear is what exactly is meant here by simulation.  

>I’m a theist. If I were to adopt Musk’s categories, I would say that God is the designer and he’s run just one “simulation,” even though he’s considered all logically possible simulations in his mind. Within this framework, consciousness makes lots of sense. There is a richness that it furnishes us with, even if, strictly speaking, it’s a metaphysical add-on that we could have done entirely without.

I don't see how consciousness makes sense in this framework for a theist. The same problems seem to carry over for why God created phenomenal conscious beings and not just "access" conscious beings.
STOP!! Holy hell can we please stop pushing this. This whole concept is way more religious than it is philosophical. The entire world isn't necessarily founded on pure logic, and for the past century quantum mechanics has shown us that reality at bottom gets pretty weird (violation of Bell's Inequality).

The world being a simulation is just the same as saying the world is full of ghosts and spirits. Does it change anything? Or is it just making you feel good because you have a computer game fetish?
[removed]
[removed]
My fav thought about this topic goes something like this.  Disclosure, I'm stealing this from somewhere, but can't remember where.  

Ok, so.  First.  Do you believe that humans will be able to create simulations similar to our current form of life/the universe. (Whatever you want to call it)  Any intelligent person, will naturally say, yes, we will, likely within the next 60-100 years.

So, assuming humans will indeed create life like simulations, that leaves two simple possibilities.

1.  We are in the "original" life line, and we haven't reached the point in which simulations were created.
OR the much more likely possibility
2.  We are within one of the infinite potential simulations.


It's so simple, and hard for me to reason against.
[removed]
[removed]
My response to this is the same as my response to the problem of hard solipsism:

These scenarios don't matter from a philosophical perspective, and therefore, from a philisophical perspective no one should care about it, EVEN if it's actually true.

Here's why.

For one, there's no evidence.  Secondly, even if there was evidence and we knew we were stuck in the matrix as it were, if there's no way to escape it into the 'real' world, it still doesn't matter.

I'm still stuck in this 'reality' and forced to play by its rules even if the reality itself is 'fake'.

Thus from a practical and pragmatic standpoint it doesn't matter if the world I'm in is 'real' or not, I'm still stuck here, still have to live my life, and still constrained by the fake 'reality's rules.

So I don't really care if it's a simulation or not, it means nothing in the grand scheme of themes.

NOW, if the person proposing this can give me some means of leaving said fake reality, THEN we should start caring.

Until then, no one should care.
We evolved from simple organisms. We are born into this world and we learn through observation. We repeat what we have heard. We learn language/slang/accents through observation. We are basically very intelligent parrots. One of the main differences between humans and what we think of as A.I. is that we have personal preferences. We pick and choose what we like and dislike. There are no universal set parameters. There are points of randomization for humans.
What I don't get is if we were living in a video game, why would the creators make everything die?  Where's their in?
[removed]
When you start to look at the nature of quantum mechanics, they are eerily similar to the way information works in a typical "game" or simulation.  Personally, I think quantum mechanics are strong evidence that reality is some type of simulated environment due to experiments like the quantum eraser proving that data only becomes known when measured even if at one point something (or someone) knew, but the information was erased.  Quantum mechanics is never wrong and we can't trick it.  Past data can only become reality when the present attempts to view the data, otherwise the simulation (so to speak) has no need to render the information.
Elon Musk is this generation's Steve Jobs.

Does none of the work but receives all of the credit. The real heroes of SpaceX and Tesla are their scientists and engineers.
Seems more like the language and reasoning used to come to that conclusion is a game.
I doubt the core of reality can be englished.
In a simulation, how does one account for randomness? Isn't randomness an important part of base reality? 
What pops at me immediately is this: Isn't there at least one more layer that can be added to this demon argument? 

Who says Demon just tricks you into sensing x or y,  or believing you are doing so..  The argument holds that although your senses could be lying to you,  since you are thinking you exist. 

What if this demon was in fact, fooling you into just *believing* you were thinking... and that those thoughts that are leading you to the conclusion that you exist,  are not yours at all? 
"Even if they do, however, it could be that an agreement among societies is put in place disallowing any consciousness-replicating simulations to be run. " 

Yeah the people in the same society that posses the greatest AI technological advances and at the same time constantly warns us of the threat of AI. Does it stop us? No. 
[removed]
So the situation I could understand is if we can simulate reality as computing power increases exponentially would it just be useful in general to simulate millions of worlds at accelerated rates to study evolution and what certain choices have on our current reality (like global temperature change or chemical levels on environments).

Like a universal new way to model data and calculate new data, that could be so sophisticated it's us, emotional conscious us?
If you think this is interesting, I'd definitely recommend this short story:
https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/u7zc2/the_life_in_the_machine/?st=IUVR65BE&sh=76a29c7d
No we are not. We are living wherre there are infinite possibilities. And somewhere between nothing and everything the unintelligable inteligence decided that the world we are currently experiencing is the most logical one. A dream is a much better suited description. If this dream stops making sence i/o stops being logical, it gives way to a new, more stable and logical dream. Calling reality a video game is in a way of seperating us people from the rest of creation, and again giving rise to the notion of a separated god/spirit/programmer etc. beeing in control of the whole thing, resulting in separation and religions. We are the dreamer and as we collect more and more information (get to know our selves) our reality becomes more logical, more stable, more real. 
[removed]
[removed]
It still remains that in order for the concept to be properly understood and researched it must be "ruled in", i.e. taken seriously. Other less tenable theories like string theory are taken seriously and "ruled in", and we don't even have any working models with which to compare it. At least we can logically model reality as a simulation based on our many thousands of simulations that are improving every day. 

Reality is already indistinguishable from a simulation, once you understand how probabilistic simulations work.

But Musk is not a scientist, and so he is limited in his understanding. A theory of reality as a simulation does a better job of explaining so called "physical" phenomena better than any other. Moreover, novel tests can be devised under such a theory, providing experimental evidence. No other model of reality can do that. We will have 12 such experiments available in the near future.

Reality as a simulation being "ruled in" is no less remarkable than Earth as a sphere or Heliocentrism being "ruled in". It is testable, can make predictions, and will be verified within a decade. Those who believe reality is not a simulation will be seen as flat earthers are today. This article reminds me of the reaction to Thomas Youngs wave theory of light. Other scientists worked hard to discredit him, even though he was right and even after he proved it experimentally. Everyone has beliefs, even scientists.

What is most irrational is the ingrained/default **naive belief** that this is a physical reality (not a simulation), and *that* being "ruled in", even though hundreds of years of science has failed to discover any evidence to support it.

Oh, and you are the player.
[deleted]
[removed]
So video games recreate reality so now that means reality must be a video game? What? 
heard this argument so many times and each time no one addresses my point's. Maybe I am just flawed in my reasoning:

* In order to simulate an 1 electron you are going to need more than one electron to do it. This is fundamental. You can not create a perfect simulation of anything that has less mass than the thing you plan to simulate. Which would mean that for our universe to be a simulation there would have to be a higher universe that is bigger. If you could imagine that there is a limit of say 15 particles needed to simulate one particle that would mean the computer our universe runs on is 15x the size of our own. Which is absurd to even contemplate. 

* No human being would make a universe simulator that resembles our universe. About 2/3 of what exists is in a form of energy+matter that only interacts via gravity. We only know it is there because of the way the galaxies move. If you were going to simulate a universe you could get the exact same effect we have just by increasing the gravitational constant slightly and it would take a lot less effort to simulate. Why would any human being not take advantage of this? Of the remaining 1/3 of what exists 99.98% of the universe is in hydrogen plasma. Why would any human being do that? If we were a plasma simulator we would expect to see a lot less stars but of a lot more configurations. Which we do not see. We would also expect to see 100% of the matter (not 99.98% of 1/3) in plasma form. If the goal of the simulation were to have lifebearing planets why not change the strong nuclear force constant slightly and free up a lot of that 99.98% for planets? If the goal were to make life bearing planets why are there so many plants confined to the center of the galaxy where life doesnt look to be possible? Why futzy around with blackholes, red dwarfs, blue stars when none of them can support life? Based on the evidence we have there is no motivation behind how creation is setup, and in fact the opposite. Due to rising entropy the universe gets less fascinating every moment. So what human would build one like it? It would have taken almost no effort to make our solar system filled with hundreds of lifebearing world for example.

* If you assume that an alien critter built our universe and their motivation's are impossible to understand. I would ask you: if there motivation's are impossible to understand why do you assume they would be motivated to build a universe? Us humans would have a goal like that. Once we have thrown out understandable motivations why keep one?

* Extraordinary claims require extraordinary proof. We have not a hint of evidence that the universe is simulated. All we really have is inference from what we think the future holds. On the other hand we have mountains of evidence that not only are the laws of physics rigid and consistent that they have always been so. We can observe pulsars that are so far apart that they have never had a chance to interact with each other and see that they both obey the same laws. 

* Whats more because of archeology, geology, the speed of light, background radiation of the universe, genetics, we know that even when we do not observe stuff it still exists. Meaning that our hypothetical aliens that made our universe can not possible be only simulating stuff when we are looking at it.
I am actually surprised with the article - did not expect the piece to be so... detailed in trying to tackle Musk's *new* (\s) simulation idea. I found it a good piece in terms of showing a trail of thought that led to Musk saying what he is saying, even if it affected him unconsciously. 

But its last two paragraphs.. 

> If I were to adopt Musk’s categories, I would say that God is the designer and he’s run just one “simulation,” even though he’s considered all logically possible simulations in his mind.

So, *he* considered all possible simulations and **this** is the one *he* settled with? I mean, *really*?

> Within this framework, consciousness makes **lots of sense**. There is a richness that it furnishes us with, even if, strictly speaking, it’s a metaphysical **add-on** that we could have done entirely without.

yeah..no?!
 
If life is a video game and you are one of the most powerful people on the planet it makes any unethical decision's resulting cognitive dissonance for knowing you shouldn't have done that but did a lot easier to ignore.

It's all just a simulation after all. 

I disagree that either we become gods or die off as his final thought implied. There can be a middle ground where we find what the real limits of human existence are. 

>Either we will make a simulation that is indistinguishable from reality or die off.

There are two kinds of people in the world. Those who think there are two kinds of people and those who don't.
[removed]
elon likes attention... but so does the author

his argument against elon's idea is, at one point:

> it seems highly unlikely God would allow his creation to reach a point where their creative powers are functionally equivalent to his own. 

but we are on track to do just that, likely within our lifetimes... create an artificial intelligence that will have creative powers not just equivalent to our own, but FAR beyond our own.

if we succeed in doing this (before we are wiped out by some thing else), then wouldn't it be this THING we have created that is responsible for the simulation, and not ppl like us?

come on elon, this is child's play.

now give me some free solar shingles, a power wall and a TeslaX


God is the main developer who is a supreme AI created by an intelligent species (possibly humans). Now, can someone point how this argument *can't* be true?
I believe in the simulation theory, but I don't believe it means our reality isn't "real." I want to break down the three premises as logically and simply as I can:


1. Our technology (notably in game development) is progressing at a rate that suggests it's only a matter of time (cosmic blink of an eye) until we achieve simulations that seem like reality.


2. Gaming/computing technology is mass produced, each device capable of running at least one independent instance of a program or game (aka simulation or arbitrary psuedo-reality).


3. When the near-guarantee of #1 is achieved, an incomprehensibly large number of instances of psuedo-realities can be running simultaneously. The chance that we're in the one true original reality as opposed to a pseudo-reality, is 1 in near-infinite. It's like winning the biggest lottery jackpot in all existence. And personally, I don't believe we won that lottery.
Wouldn't this basically shit on everything we know about the history of the universe? Unless he's saying that the entire universe, from the start of the big bang, is stimulated, it wouldn't make sense. It's not like we were spawned here. We've dated the earth and figured out that many many species, of less intellectual capacity, have come and gone before us and led up to us
Assuming we will never have the means to detect or be outside of a simulation...for all intents and purposes: we are not in a simulation.
I need to rewatch Matrix after this. 
So, I feel like an underlying assumption here is that infinitely powerful computational equipment is impossible. 

Yes, it would violate so much of physics and computer science to have a machine that has unlimited working space and performs infinitely many operations per second, but at the level of metaphysics this is worth considering. 

At that level there is no hard problem of consciousness, just replication of the physical brains which have consciousness as an emergent property of their chemical workings. 
I feel sorry for whoever got stuck playing my video game. Talk about monotony. 💤💤
Given the [Berkstein bound](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bekenstein_bound), simulating all this would take energy and storage beyond understanding. Also, the subjects would have to be young adults when they enter this world(otherwise they wouldn't have the concept of anything).
Well, if it was like this, what is the problem? 

If someone would use his power to create us and let us live our lives within that game, what is the problem? We cannot exit it anyhow...even if we would commit suicide this would probably just be someone quitting the game, removing his/her user account and thats it. What we know as our own will would most certainly just be an idea someone has placed inside our heads....
Just FYI, what Musk really said is that he thinks there's a ONE IN A BILLION chance that we're living in a computer simulation. [Side note: Wasn't the person who asked that Josh Topolsky of Verge?]

Does anyone know if that Netflix show Stranger Things deals with this same theory? Scientists create a parallel universe.

If this is a simulation, what reason would there be for some of the more frivolous physics that we observe?  Why have things like dark matter or expansion of space.  It seems unnecessarily complicated for intelligent design.
[removed]
Really shitty for people that had birth defects and painfully crippling diseases. I don't se why any intelligent sentient beam would simulate suffering like that.
+1 for including Bruce Lee in a post about philosophy. and for the uninitiated, try this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwPWDMvT21E
The first point simply relies on the suggestion that omnipotence can't exist, because it involves a contradiction of the power to limit ones own power. Since this can't happen, the question of a conflict between omnipotence and omniscience is rendered pointless, so why read on? Beyond that there are of course a few comments implying Dawkins is ignorant about philosophy. Top notch stuff, he said without a trace of sarcasm, relying instead on the context to imply it. 
> *Incidentally, it has not escaped the notice of logicians that omniscience and omnipotence are mutually incompatible. If God is omniscient, he must already know how he is going to intervene to change the course of history using his omnipotence. But that means he can’t change his mind about his intervention, which means he is not omnipotent. (pp. 77-78)*
>
> We have here a standard New Atheist rhetorical trick: Take a simplistic objection to theism that has been raised and answered many times and present it to the unwary non-expert reader as if it were a devastating refutation that no one has ever been able to rebut.

"present it to the unwary non-expert reader as if it were a devastating refutation"?  Really?  It is clear by Dawkins' opening "Incidentally" (and from the surrounding context of that quote - I just checked) that he's just making an incidental point that's a sideline to the main issues he's addressing at the time. 

And what Dawkins is saying is entirely reasonable: *actual* omniscience and omnipotence are mutually incompatible.  Theists only get around this by redefining the word 'omnipotence' to mean something that isn't actually omnipotence.

Wow, there are a *lot* of assumptions baked into this "argument." God is omnipotent, but can't do contradictory things, but if he could, that would prove that any argument against his omnipotence is invalid because God can make it valid?

Was this actually supposed to be taken seriously, or is it a joke? It can be hard to tell sometimes.
It seems to me that, at some point, theologians realised there was a problem with the straighforwards notion of "omnipotence", and just decided to redefine the notion to make the problem go away.   Is there any evidence that it did *not* happen like this?

And for that matter, where's the evidence that any of this stuff works the way they claim it does?  And if there isn't any such evidence, why should any of us treat such views as anything more than sophisticated word games?

**Summary:**
In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Paul Henne](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/paul-henne) (Duke University) describes the fallacy of division, the informal fallacy that arises when we assume that the parts of some whole must have the same properties as the whole they make up. He also discusses why water molecules aren't wet.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi
I love this philosophy...Jeremy Bentham is my hero
Peter Hacker has fleshed this picture out completely, whether the author knows it or not, and I assume not, because no mention of Hacker is made. 
This is a good article, but I always found it rather obvious. I don't think it is necessarily a killer to physicalism though, I find it a sign of remarkable arrogance and hubris to assert that no possible discovery could give us an account of consciousness. With Chalmers on this, whatever you'd call that pseudo-dualist-physicalist-with-a-hint-of-skeptic-and-higher-order-theorist-just-for-fun
This is definitely a great article. This Wittgensteinean perspective doesn't solve the hard problem, does it? Nevertheless, I feel like this is the direction we must go. It's sort of the middle way it seems.
Does anyone have any experience with these courses?
https://www.edx.org/, sign up, search philosophy and enjoy, I am currently taking the intro class by mit, unfortunately it is about to end, you can still sign up and watch all lecture and complete the questions, but after the deadline they wont count for a grade, there are also self paced ones from other universities they are all free  
but they do not count towards college credit.

Shelley Kagan's [Death lectures](http://oyc.yale.edu/philosophy/phil-176) I remember watching during high school science classes on my ipod nano and it was waaayyy more interesting than the boring ass incorrect stoichiometry I was taught. This was my first real academic experience with philosophy and it got me hooked! It explores some of the usual responses to death using memorable thought experiments and has put some ideas in my head that I still like and agree with, including:

* "Everyone dies alone" is either untrue or uninteresting.
* It doesn't really make sense to fear death.
* Some clarity on the mind-body problem.

Would recommend! I'm also a fan of the lecture format you'll see here that's being replaced by coursera/edx/udacity style byte sized interactive videos directed at a video audience with no attention span. It's sad to me that Yale (and other universities) have stopped/slowed recording and releasing stuff like this.
I'm excited to learn I can listen to some of Strauss' lectures - thank you for this.
Thank you, that's something I've always been looking for!
Any of these give an overview of all the questions that philosophy considers *without* saying who said what chronologically?  I just want the content, not the personalities or the historical development, at least until I understand the scope of it all first.
I got excited when l read it as a free " Online Photography Course "...but then hit a wall off immense deception when l realized my mistake.
I had doubt with this one, but it seems that this is good stuff, thank you
Excellent resources! Thank you for sharing. 
Philosophy course...honestly...what can you learn?
Noted people with views on it, clever ways to describe the obvious and a list of important sounding words to describe it.
Or study something useful
This is not a paradox, but it serves to illustrate the fact that a range of rational beliefs may be internally inconsistent. If each proposition of many is forwarded on the basis that they are likely, it may still be entirely unlikely or even impossible that the set of propositions as a whole is true. If this set of propositions is used to deduce a new one, the argument is not actually valid despite the fact that each step is reasonable in isolation.
Eh, doesn't look much like a paradox to me, it looks like a rounding error. If you assume an unlikely event has a very low probability and you round that probability to zero then of course a large number of those low probability events will still have a probability of zero, while in reality they might actually happen. If you don't round to zero however the probabilities would add up just fine.
As long as 'something' and 'something more' make sense to humans, we will always wonder about things such as infinity.  Mathematicians talk about what happens when we keep extending numbers, a normal person may associate it with the expanse of the universe and so on. Many expressions, same underlying semantic conception.
[deleted]
I do not see in the (true, only 8-minute) interview neither the "why" or the "how". Just the "if" consciousness is fundamental "then", perhaps, he can derive something meaningful which would be indicative of consciousness is fundamental. But then too many "facts" are thrown out there: 

1) He can derive from his theory the wave equation of the free particle? How can a model of consciousness being fundamental lead to something like that being derived? 

2) There are quantum physicists who say that properties like space exist only in the act of observation?

3) Quantum - Bayesian physicists  claim that the act of observation creates the physical properties? I thought that observation affects the behaviour, not the physical properties themselves.

I am depressed with my lack of understanding...What do I miss?

ps. I liked how "aggressive" the other guy is...
If you find this viewpoint interesting, I'd recommend having a look at the work of [Bernardo Kastrup](http://www.bernardokastrup.com/p/philosophy.html)
His theory doesn't explain the universality of our collective experience of the real world, i.e. reality. IMHO, consciousness is an emergent process, not a fundamental one.
Anyone know who the guy on the left is?
For conscious to exist as fathering the physical world (or as he put it, the physical world within our perceptive realm) what standards could you base the objective certainties of the physical world on if perception is said to be an aspect of subjectivity that we share with one another?
I read this Why and How Couscous is Fundamental and I thought, well... couscous is fun and yet mental at the same time

there's something wrong with me
I feel like one of his earlier statements isn't true but it's pretty widely known not to be true; I assume I'm misinterpreting it. He said something like "if you assume we live in a reality with 3 spatial dimensions and 1 time dimension, you'd have to ascribe the interpretation that organisms that see more dimensions are just viewing the same physical world from a different lens" (this whole thing happens at around 1:45). I feel as though that statement in itself contradicts itself.

I'm fairly certain I understand the proposed idea, this section's just been bugging me cause it seems wrong...
Can anyone fill me in on what this guy's answer would be if you asked him about the evolution of life?  Like, Earth is 4.5 billion years old and life on Earth goes back 3.5 billion years; what "existed" in the first billion years before life?

What existed right after the big bang?  Did consciousness exist back then to facilitate that?

Going out drinking....bbl.


he's being awfully dodgy about whether an objective reality exists that we all share, which each of our individual subjective realities are based on. he talks about conscious beings building existence out of experience, but experience of *what*? this sounds like he's taking plato's shadow on the wall and saying that since each of us can only see our shadow, our shadow is our world - even though the fact that it's a shadow in the first place implies further (possibly practically imperceptible in all fairness) existence outside of that.
He must have a good definition for consciousness. Anyone know where I could find it?

For those who don't know the background of this conversation:  

**Quantum Bayesianism** is an interpretation of quantum mechanics where the Schroedinger Wave is not considered to be a "real physical object" with extension, but is instead a mere equation-- a calculating device. 

Under QB, what the Schroedinger Wave is measuring is an observer's lack of knowledge of a system's state from a distance in spacetime.

In this conversation Hoffman appears to sneak "Quantum Bayesianism"  past  Kuhn's radar.  It's as if Hoffman knew ahead of time that Kuhn had never heard of it.

____

( The rest of my reply will be to those of you have spent lots of time discussing/debating people about interpretations of quantum mechanics. )

Quantum Bayesianism definitely does not presume that "space and time are derivatives" of anything, let alone consciousness.  We know for example, that the modern theories of physics which do predict that time and space are derivatives are things like Quantum Gravity theories  (eg. Spin Foams, Causal Dynamical Triangulations, and the like).     

Quantum Bayesianism instead assumes a *fixed background* with a *time evolution* of the Hamiltonian.  QB at best reveals something fundamental about the persistence and transmission of quantum information between various systems.  But it *definitely does not come with* some sort of probabilistic wave function collapse that  "often reduces to space and time" given the mind of the observer.
i believe it is too... but i'm not going around trying to make a name for myself as "the guy" who says its the ONLY thing that is fundamental.

the reincarnated Einstein guy is right, that you can have all the physical fundamentals along side a "new" one for consciousness without having to wipe out everything we think we know.

the ego guy's comeback that electrons would need to have consciousness does not necessarily follow, but even if it did... so, what?

how much consentrated consciouness is required before we recognize it and will point to it and say "you are conscious"?

many of us don't accept that other apes are conscious, let alone dogs, cats birds, lizards, bugs, mold, bacteria, virus, or even minerals.

but how do we know? Who are we to say?

just because we are the "top" consciousness on Earth does not mean that will always be the case... it may not even be the case during our lifetimes.
Well he didn't really show/explain anything here. Just claims. Very cool if he's right though.
You and others here may be interested in the recent subreddit /r/sciphilconsciousness which is devoted to the sharing and discussion of content related to the science and philosophy of consciousness.
Fallacies in the very first question of the interviewer:

1. Time does not exist on its own. It's merely a measure of structural change. There is no past you can go back to, or no future that exists anywhere. Only now. 


2. Space, as in distance, is a property of physics. It doesn't apply to conciousness in the same way. See example in this video - focussed attention breaks down wave function regardless of distance:
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=nRSBaq3vAeY


It doesn't mean that the physical world doesn't exist. It just means it's a property of conciousness. 
It doesn't invalidate the physical world, it doesn't disprove any scientific observatons (conciousness hasn't been observed as a brain generated process).

Bernardo Kastrup has the best understand of this. Read his books if you are interested.
How is this any different from ordinary run-of-the-mill idealism (Berkeley, etc.)?
This is a wonderful example of the detriments of not knowing the history of philosophy. This same problem was been around for ages, it's called idealism, and its various weaknesses has been articulated many, many times over. This is just a psychologist who has tangled himself up in language and confused a philosophical problem for an empirical one.  
I'm not sure if consciousness is "Fundamental" to reality, whatever it may be, but our biological apparatus is absolutely fundamental to the equation in which we are a part of.

We cannot remove ourselves from the equation any more than we can occupy space and be alive and self aware without this meatsuit that is affixed to our being. 

What I take from this is the same thing I always have, there is no vision of the world through the human lens that is independent of the biomass behind it.
Who are the speakers? 
Obviously the world we perceive is just a model of reality created by our perceptions and consciousness, but it is a very complex model,with a vast array of experiences and external factors we have to react to. Surely if our perceptions varied from reality very much, the variety of factors we have to cope with would distort that model until it was no longer useful. We create autonomous machines and computers which operate with their own models of reality and they work well. Would this be possible if our own perceptions varied very much from reality? It all becomes very circular and not very useful, we only have the existence we perceive, and our understanding of the universe is very far from complete. To assert that actual reality is very different from perceived reality, when we have such a poor understanding of the reality we perceive.
I think if people picked up on this paradigm, we could make the world a much better place. The other perspective makes you a victim of your environment.

*edit*
It really kind of frustrates me that we tend to assume consciousness is a product of matter. What makes either side of the argument more likely?

*futhur* edit- The potential of a fully aware consciousness is infinite. It would quite literally make us gods.
Conciousness > Physics > Chemistry > Biology > Physchology

Conciousness is singular.
I think the question you are raising can be fundamentally deconstructed down to a vicious cycle of asking and answering. We first ask how can we ponder the nature of something beyond us and we answer by stating that we conceive it as a concept which then re - raises the question how can this concept be formed if it is beyond us. Well to actually answer we have to cut the loop and first ask can concepts be formed without empirical evidence. Well, epistemology would have us believe that this very process is in fact not possible. Thus, if we are to follow epistemology (which is the belief we have established leads to valid answers) then the concept we have formed is merely a concept and is in fact not something known about our transcendental question. In essence, despite the fact that we know something about the mind - body problem, that being that it is closed to us, is an abstract concept that has been formed without empirical evidence and so is in fact not something that we really know about the problem and thus rendering it closed to us, as McGinn said. Now, I don't know if I fully agree with what I just stated but it is an argument that can be made. I would love to hear your opinion on this stance on the matter. 
>Saying something about the transcendental or anything about something which is supposedly cognitively closed is already knowing something in a sense in which we just said we cannot know.

Not really.  No new information is presented about it.  Describing the mind as something that cannot be understood by the mind does not describe the mind as much as it provides some description about understanding, which is of course a property of having a mind.  But we can understand how "mind" works while having one. This just presents the problem with McGinn's argumentative approach to psychology.  You could make the same arguments about dehydrated garlic powder.  In some sense we might think that we are "cognitively closed" to dehydrated garlic powder.   In McGinn's interpretation we can understand what it is chemically, what happens to its chemical structure over time, but not how that makes it taste how it does.  So the problem is that it seems pretty obvious that the chemical structure of the substance just straight-forwardly causes the taste of dehydrated garlic powder.  Similarly the perception of pain feels how it does because of its neural activation in the brain caused by whatever cellular reaction occurs to send the signal.  By describing it as something for which some information about it is lost, it might sound like information is lost, but it's just because of how he is describing it that way and predicating his arguments on it.  If instead he described the taste of dehydrated garlic powder or the feeling of pain as the neural activation patterns underlying those perceptual experiences there wouldn't be any confusion.  
You've done a very good job of presenting Rand in the best possible light without any attempt to engage with some of the important criticism brought to her, such as her shockingly poor understanding of the philosophical views she claims to be rejecting, her claim that she is the first to defend a morality of rational self-interest, her view that all other philosophers have defended either altruism or mysticism, and her utterly toxic equation of altruism with abject self-sacrifice--to name but a few.
I remember hearing that posts about Rand were no long allowed here. Or was that /r/askphilosophy?
>This video has been removed by the user. 

can you reupload? thx
Well done video.  

I would like to add -  Miley Chris has been thought of as being full of hot air, so maybe not really a false equivalency after all? 
[removed]
**Summary:** In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Joseph Wu](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/joseph-wu) (University of Cambridge) explains the fallacy of equivocation, the fallacy that occurs when the same term is used with different meanings in an argument. Along the way, he discusses whether Miley Cyrus is an exploding ball of gas.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi

**PS** We had an incredible time doing [our AMA](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/59521q/were_wireless_philosophy_a_khan_academy_partner/) on Monday. Thanks for making it possible, /r/philosophy!

**EDIT:** Several people have pointed out that organic foods may not in fact be better for the environment.  To be clear, we haven't endorsed a view on organic foods (nor do we intend to).  The discussion of organic foods is preceded by "Suppose your friend tells you that...".  Thanks for bringing this up!
This is a bit off-topic but...

The claim "organic food is better for the environment" is a scientific, not cultural, assertion. It's also contrary to the majority of research done in agricultural sciences. Organic farming uses more hectares per food production and has more highly toxic pesticides and herbicides.

More importantly, the claim isn't an uncontroversial intuition that most people hold. Usually in examples like this used as an analogy to convey a concept, you should use an example that the vast majority of people would agree with.

It still illustrates the concept, but even the part where the video says the claim is true, then is distracting.
One of main fallacies of equivocation people make is when accusing others of the fallacy of authority, where they equivocate the meaning of authority as status ("the pope said GMOs are bad") with the meaning of authority as expertise ("biologists said there is no evidence GMOs cause any harm").  Saying the latter is a fallacy of authority is invalid.
Organic Foods aren't necessarily better for the environment. 
[removed]
Need a philosopher, I have a honest question here. The interest point comes up a lot when I'm debating with my friends about journalism and information in general. It usually evolves into "What if one considers an activity he/she enjoys doing as its best interest(referring to benefit)?"

Does this have an answer? 
I feel like 90% of Socratic arguments consist of fallacies of this sort. Or as Wittgenstein liked to call them, word games.
Do you explain other common fallacies?
Thought this was a picture for the longest time
What did he actually say that didn't boil down to: 'time is an invention by the human mind. The human mind isn't really real. Therefore nothing is really in time'?

The main thinker who really wrote out the idea, that language and writing is the source of the disconnect between space, time and the sensuous reality, is David Abram in his book 'the spell of the sensuous'. Which, by the way, is a fantastic book that everybody should read. It is specifically talking about this specific issue. (If anybody knows a more recent example, I would like to know.)

The guy who made the video is obviously very confused and could have taken so many examples from the book. In which a lot of clarity can be found. Right now this person is talking about the western experience of time, which is a completely arbitrary viewpoint. There are many (indigenous) cultures who do not have words or even concepts for the 'future' and 'past'. And to understand how it is possible that there are people who do not think in 'western linear time', you need to disseminate what language and writing has done to our perception of time. You can't just casually mention it. "We have created time".. no, it's not that simple, who is 'we' and why does that exclude certain cultures. "Our mind is time", I don't even know what to make of that.

I mean there are so many interesting things said about our relationship with space and time. Einstein made space and time the same thing. And Whitehead as well. Both basically addressing the same thing at the same time. Both addressing reality as relationship between process and observer. How interesting is that? Instead of going back to the mind as epiphenomenon... 

Epiphenomenalism, in the theory of mind, is dead and has been dead for years. At least, for as far as I'm concerned. It has always been under fire. But there have been extremely strong objections raised in the recent years. For me, at the very least it's pretty clear that epiphenomenalism is not a given. I might be alone in this. But this is exactly why I dislike these kind of sciency-edgy videos who pretend they are saying profound things while actually staying firmly rooted in 'safe' scientism. 
>Our minds are purely a function of time

What is that supposed to mean?

>The mind emerged 100,000 years ago 

So only humans have minds?

This guy sounds like Deepak Chopra.


Time is definitely a category of the mind and not a really existing thing. 

I think to read further of this topic, look for the Wikipedia article about time. There is an ethnological view of time, as we know and use it today, as just a western man made product.

We humans have an understanding of things happening one another. That's felt time. Then we have some sort of agreement time, you know, the numbers we read of clocks. There is definitely a discrepancy between both of these times. I think that's why its some kind of problematic topic. 

About the video. He has one or two mildly interesting points. But he doesn't show all important perspectives of time and what is known about it. Its like he only describes the physicists view on time, existing back then, when the universe was born. Don't get me wrong, its not I don't like physicians, but sometimes they are like mathematicians, thinking there topic is so damn important for the universe, explaining it perfectly. I don't think its that possible. But that's my opinion. 


Thought it had an illuminati trianglr in the middle was just a play triangle
Philosophy began as an independent process. It can feel more broadened, when you alone can peice things together. It resonates in common sense. You feel the sense of your revelations. 
The article doesn't explain in any way how Goethe's theories were 'invalidated by science'. It would be interesting to learn the specifics.
Goethe was a Genius.
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
[removed]
Interesting talk, at 49:22 (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-RCtSsxhb2Q&feature=youtu.be&t=2962) John Vervaeke is quoting someone and I (non-native english speaker) can't figure out what the name is. 

XXX - "The view from nowhere."

Who knows the X³?
So I woke up this morning, clocked into my work from home job, checked Reddit as I do every morning, and spent the next two hours watching this. Thanks Reddit. 
[removed]
[removed]
I disagree with John Vervaeke's statement that relationships aren't 'real' in the sense of 'part of reality'.

I grant him his point if he said that connections between any physical entities are non existent if there is no consciousness to observe them. But, however, there is consciousness. Therefore any connection made between any physical objects or beings, which can only be done by anything with consciousness, provokes a change of consciousness. If one presupposes that consciousness is fundamentally a physical phenomenon, then the only way to change consciousness is by changing physical reality.

For example, if you see someone you love, which is to say; you have a relationship between you and this other person, this materializes as a change of neuron signals which cause a change of hormones or neurotransmitters and all physical changes that come with being in love. Hence, I would argue, reality has been altered by a change in the shape of your fabricated relationship with this person/object.

Is the tide finally turning? I am so sick of the nihilism meme. The fact that this got so many upvotes seem to indicate something. I hope that at least some of them found the time to watch this.
Amazing difference between the upvotes on the post, and the amount and quality of discussion: everyone wants to say "thumbs-up, yes it sounds super interesting," no one actually has anything to say about it.

How many people have bookmarked this and plan to watch it "some time?"
I loved this video. Without question, I feel enlightened. Though much of it I really had to study, re-listen, and work to interpret, I found some amazing nuggets. 

At the 50:08, Jordan Peterson responds to the notion of levels of analysis, and in doing so, really hit me hard. I've always been a deep, cognitive thinker, "taking steps back and analyzing." In doing so, I have OFTEN ended up doing the very thing they urged not to, which is landing on the notion of, "well, I'm dead in a few cosmic seconds anyway, so wtf does anything matter?" 

Peterson considers that stance on life philosophy to be dumb, to say the least, as he makes it known by using the example of the Sun engulfing the Earth in a matter of billions of years. My line of thought leads to my own death, so I'm not even matching the level of analysis that he is, but obviously it's the same idea; we're all doomed, why bother? 

This has sat at the heart of my depression for a long time. I often wish to be a shallow thinker to spare myself from these types of thoughts that are constantly bombarding me. The moment I make it to a happy place, a trigger is pulled and a steady stream of depressive ideas begins to make its way down my mind, stripping me of that initial happiness. Most of it stems from fear of death, and honestly even more so, the fear of finding out I'm going to do very soon, which I find to be worse. 

To sort of numb that pain, again, I make my way to, "wtf care if I'm doomed anyway?" In essence, I sort of convince myself, for a short time, that nothing matters and there's no reason to fear an inevitable event, because nothing can stop it from happening.

Back to Peterson, he placed relevance at my feet with his response to levels of analysis. He proposed the idea of treading the line, by placing oneself there and focusing on maintaining ones presence ON that line, that lies between order and chaos. The evidence is in the idea that we want to live, despite suffering. The innate desire to continue living, despite the fact that life is a slow, suffering death, stems ultimately from our curiosities. He urged us to find the level of analysis that places us on that line, and to maintain it. This idea was conveyed so vividly and applicably to my situation. It's a liberating sensation to know there's a place I can find peace if I can train my mind to trust in those words, and put them into action, and to notice quality happenings in life. 

The cosmos are above us, and more than likely, they always will be, as will death. It seems like a simple idea to focus in on the most fruitful level of analysis, but until that idea is articulated to people in my situation, our minds run rampant. It's a constant battle for me to keep my mind trained on the things that make me happy, and ward off the invasive thoughts that tear my happiness down out of nothing but fear, but it's a battle I'll wage until my time is done. This video provided me with a nice arsenal to conduct that battle, so to OP, I say thanks. 

Hopefully at least one person finds this worth reading. Hope you found it interesting.  
[removed]
[removed]
I've had John Veraeke as a psychology professor at the University of Toronto. I tried to be in any of the classes he taught because he was one of the few that left students speechless and every lesson ended in applause. 

Edit: Not sure why people are down-voting or arguing about this when it's based off of real experiences at the university where he teaches. I'm not saying we all stood up and cheered but people enjoyed the class and would clap(small classes of 25-50 people)- not a big deal?
Is a transcript of this available somewhere?
Don't have the time to dedicate to this right now (thanks work) but I want to just throw this question out there:

The guy on the far right mentions that we are not calculated like computers. Why is it he thinks this? As far as I'm concerned, every action that has come to pass has been a chain of events stretching to the very beginning of time that has been very calculated in an "if than" sense.

Free will plays into this as well. We're supposedly given options in life, but imo what we're really given is a bazillion years of previous events forming us to into a ball of cells right here and right now that is predetermined to commit to the rest of our lives in a path that is forced on us by the actions of everything from everywhere since the beginning of time.

Love this topic. Really wish I'd gone to college.. If for no other reason to debate others.
Jordan Peterson is truly life changing and it's incredible privilege to listen to him. He influenced me to continue my studies in philosophy and even expand them to clinical psychology.
Hey that's my prof!
anybody willing to tldr this for a father working 2 jobs and juggling 2 kids?
That was wonderful. Thanks for posting.
Had the pleasure of having a course taught by prof vervaeke at York, absolutely incredible and enthusiastic teacher, loved his teaching style and love to see him getting such big attention on Reddit! 
Thank you so much for posting this.  
[removed]
[removed]
Well, just affirming the title. There are professors who read off a slideshow, ones who can make a slideshow very enjoyable, and then the few like Vervaeke that just talk for 2-3 hours in an incredibly engaging way. 
[removed]
[removed]
Duality has been surrounding me lately. I was hurt recently asked why I thought we are here. My answer was that we all have to figure that out for our own individual selves.  And realize now that I was blind to that before I knew what I wanted to do with my life.
RemindMe! 7 hours
This is an amazing discussion. Thank you for sharing!
Wonder how this would be if Terence Mackenna were also present
Wow this simply blew me away. I came here from /r/all and I don't know what I was expecting but it exceeded my expectations regardless. It's great to see the rigorous use of cognitive science and psychology applied to nihilism and the meaning crisis. That high-five at around 1:41:00 was really cool to watch. I think they ended up essentially in agreement with one another at the end?

One thing I did find weird though is that they seem to drop the more static Spinoza worldview for no reason half-way through in exchange for a dynamic game-based/edge of intelligibility meaning system that they end up with. In the end I guess they decided that the dynamic one was better? I don't think they threw any counter arguments at Spinoza though...
I hate this kind of talk to be honest, and it's not because I can't understand it. It's obvious that they have great command of the English language, but overall their ideas are very simplistic. Why not just use plain English? Pretty words may sound intelligent, but it doesn't make their arguments any more valid.

I X'd out after he said the chair speaks to you telling you to sit.
Before I even clicked on this I knew it'd be Jordan Peterson. Dude's a boss. I've watched every YT video lecture in the past year.
This is great but I think most people have a sense that the answer to "what is the meaning of life?" should be succinct. Otherwise it is kind of nonsensical because you could literally talk about *everything that has ever happened*.
I think I unlocked something, thanks!
With regards to their disagreement about perspective, think I have a possible resolution to their disagreement.  I'd disagree with Veraeke that the "high" and detached perspective removes bias and distortion, and instead say that both perspectives have different forms of distortion.

To give a metaphor, think of camera lenses.  In a sense you *can* say that some lenses are better.  The resulting image is cleaner and clearer because the lens is more finely crafted.  In a sense, the resulting image might be "less distorted".  However, in either case, the light is getting bent, and the image ends up flipped upside down.  Literally, the path of the light is distorted.

And then beyond that, the most "distortion free" lense might not result in the "best" photograph.

I'm not sure if that metaphor makes my view clear enough, but I think the "high" or "ultimate" view they're talking about is distorted in favor of detachment.  It is exactly that kind of distortion that leads people to think things are "meaningless".  I think this connects with Peterson's early responses (before they dig into the idea of games) that the different perspectives are useful for different things.

Vervaeke's gets attached in the discussion to "maximizing intelligibility", but based on other things he says, I'd expect him to admit that maximizing intelligibility is often not going to be our goal at a given moment.  To some extent, it's what they're talking about for much of the discussion-- that the detached position toward the world destroys meaning, but is actually not "more real" than an attached position.
Tangent topic 

Is it somehow more meaningful when a professor discusses the meaning as opposed to somehow who isn't as educated? 

This particular topic is open to anyone having the experience of living. I don't think any one person can have a more valid conjecture based on their level of education. 

I see this sort of thing often and I think it's dangerous. It is the responsibility of each person to make sense of their human condition. This sort of idea that only intellectuals and the educationally indoctrinated being the only valid source of information regarding this topic will castrate our societal evolution. 

Think for yourselves as far and as deep as you can.


Does the audio quality improve at some point? I am having some extreme difficulty understanding what it being said in the first 5 min of the video (where I stopped).
TL;DR for us lazy folks anyone? The title is intriguing but I don't have 2 hours to spare right now.
Relevance realization is not that hard honestly. If you force yourself to do anything long enough, and do it well, you start to appreciate its aesthetic value. Like I hated organic chemistry when I started, but by the end of the first semester I kind of liked it. Obviously there are exceptions, and one's personality will play a role.  But generally speaking I've found this to be true.

This applies to so many things. Personally I just don't understand people who don't workout. Peterson uses going to the gym as an example of how relevance realization is difficult. In my experience, everyone who goes to the gym and sees good results gets hooked. It's addicting. So all I can gather from what he said is that he doesn't really know how to gym properly (the fact that he thinks you're supposed to push yourself to your limit each workout is another indication).
[removed]
Is there a podcast version listenable with overcast.fm?

Youtube is poor for listening to 2 hour clips.
[removed]
"Ever learning, and never coming to the knowledge of truth" -- 2 Timothy 3
Are they drinking champagne?
Avoiding the question?
And at the end, we get three men sitting on stage talking.  I feel like that says it all.  Not good, not bad, just how it is.  >.<
What I find hilarious is that if he didn't occasionally provide vocal and physical signs of agreement, it would look like every time Vervaeke was speaking, Peterson was making an effort to be patient while he waits for his next chance to say another 17,000 things.

Excellent video, if I knew it was two hours long I might not have watched it, but as time went on it just got more and more interesting and insightful.
Anyone else have a link where the quality of audio is bearable?
Jordan B Peterson posted this thread in his facebook
There is no meaning urg.
awesome talk
Sorry this isn't an argument but can anyone point me to where I could find more talks like this? Thanks
Jordan Peterson has some lectures on the internet that are superb displays of applied philosophy. He has a great lecture on a Jungian analysis of The Lion King. [Here it is. Stunning.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8r8ISkQ4exM) All his lectures end in wild applause.
That, was awesome.
I don't like how the first guy conflates meaning with function. Saying that 'sitting' is the 'meaning of chairs' because you can rest your ass on one is, to me, like saying 'violence' is the meaning of trees because you can saw off a branch and beat someone to death with it.

Great talk all the same, but I was sort of turned off early on because of that. My understanding of 'meaning' is very specific.
Clarification request. Can someone explain what relevance realization is? I do not think I fully grasp the concept.
I'm kind of late but don't these two just take side of Camus in answering the question?
Nothing real can be threatened. Nothing u real exists.
The meaning of life is to find yourself and share it with the world
[removed]
[removed]
Protip: if you think there's a meaning to life, you're an arrogant human
Any way to get this in audio format so I can listen on my commute? Those youtube-to-audio coverters don't allow such long videos.
Watched for a few minutes. The word 'fundamentally' gets thrown around a hell of a lot. 
oof, the audio is pretty poor, I can't do that for two hours
Is there a better quality audio version of this? The audio gives me a bit of a headache to listen to at the current quality.
The equivalent of analytics in sports. Yes, you can crunch the numbers to make sense of the random data, but in the end it's just dumb luck
For future me to watch later
Surely this is like asking what is the meaning of rock? Seriously, surely to invoke meaning is to give something a purpose or to have been created.
[removed]
[removed]
I prefer to save those discussions for Rogan. 
And this ladies and gentlemen, is why no one likes philosophy.
Audio sucks 
I wonder if I'll ever watch this.

RemindMe! 365 days
Asking other people what is the meaning of life is one the most pointless questions. Considering they have their own life and assign their own meaning to it. Ask yourself that question. Your answer is the only one that matters.
People like this spend their careers sitting around going "wooooaaaah"
Hmmm....two hours? Can someone do a ELI5 synopsis for each side. Maybe a paragraph each?
[removed]
Why does that take two hours?

If you can't tell me what life means in a minute, I don't think you have it figured out.
What's a "life changing professor"?
I love philosophy because it always feels like you are getting to some ultimate truth of reality, but the fact is philosophy is just a shortcoming of neurobiology. You want to know why you do the things you do, investigate the mediatory process between the world and your thoughts. Now our understanding of neurobiology is very limited at the moment, so in the mean time a combination of the two is most efficient.
[removed]
Commenting so I can watch later 
RemindMe! 6 hours 
I reject the framework in which this question is being asked.  To ask "What is the meaning of life" assumes that there is some sort of cosmic eternal definition of meaning.  It seemingly suggests that there is some sort of cosmic intelligence and that humans occupy some form of privileged position in the universe.  I reject this type of thinking.

Our brains were created through evolution.  They enable us to form expectations about future events and allow us to interact with a world filled with objects and people.  We don't think in terms of raw sensory inputs, we think abstractly in terms of symbols, objects, and intentions.  I believe the desire for meaning is a side effect of having brains that work in this way.
Sorry not with that audio quality.
Oh wait, this isn't r/titlegore.
Dank memes Hahaha intriguing video
Much too verbose. They spent 2 hours doing vocal gymnastics.The meaning to life depends on who you ask, it's a subjective matter. 
Great talk, it reminds me of Massimo Pigliucci and Dan Kaufman's exchanges
Meaning of life: Aim to get a rimjob and your balls sucked on at the same time by a couple of cheap Mexican hookers while doing shots of tequila in a seedy TJ motel.
I don't think they answered the question: What is the meaning of life?
The answer is the same for all living organisms: perpetuate the species. I know, it is quite boring and you can try to find some metaphysics answer to give a sense to your life, but the fact remains, you are an organism with the same boring goal as all living things.
The meaning of life is a good sound system and set of microphones for professors discussing the meaning of life.
Ahh I absolutely love how you can see them both thinking of all these ideas and different spins and meanings of what the other is saying, and literally holding themselves back trying not to interrupt the other excited to add more to the discussion !!!! 
I drape dirty clothes on my chair. Is it still a chair?
What the professor misses is that relationships are not only real and part of reality, but tied to consciousness (con + scio = to know, with) and our ability to even discuss reality outside our "selves." Walker Percy, in his remarkable nonfiction philosophy book, Lost in the Cosmos, discusses the birth of human consciousness as a natural result of language acquisition, not a cultural acquisition, but a natural one, making our use of signs totally unique in the universe. Our sharing of the sign with a baby or toddler when they learn words (or a language-less Helen Keller, in his example - and her realizing her teacher was signing the word "water" in her hand in that famous story) - that THAT is when reality or human consciousness arrives. How can relationships not be part of reality when they begin it, in a way? We are sign sharers - and we need the shared language to even arrive at this discussion of what meaning is. We need to share the words together, first. The relationship-nature of human consciousness is at the heart of reality, not outside it
I have profound envy of people who have the time for things like this.

Looks like they can even afford decent shoes.  #mustbenice
I don't know why I keep falling for these links... I clicked expecting more than an amusing Canadian.  Zero insights revealed IMHO.  Same old same old.
I don't know why I keep falling for these links... I clicked expecting more than an amusing Canadian.  Zero insights revealed IMHO.  Same old same old.
[removed]
Quantum Physics has already proven that consciousness (the observer) does have an affect on the outcome of an experiment.  
This is unbelievable I'm so changed now that I know what the meaning of life is. 
I think this conversation goes hand in hand with the post about Canada's marijuana sales surpassing alcohol, seeing as this is the University of Toronto. This (interesting) conversation sounds like two brilliant stoners having a discussion about the (improperly formatted question regarding the) meaning of life.
[removed]
The meaning of life is to love and be engaged in relationships.  Endless talk about the meaning of life is just mental masterbation.
You can't make money from philosophy.
I signed up for a philosophy class back in college. First day the professor was lecturing about the meaning of life. I was like fuck this and dropped the damn class. I do whatever the hell I want. Thats the meaning of life.
We notice the object cause of desire, pursue it, only to eventually realise that the 'objet petit a' has shifted again. The gap in between our two realisations is where our desire is most heighten because of our imaginative faculties. To 'satisfy' desire is an endeavour in futility.
http://theoatmeal.com/comics/unhappy
Ah, desire - that elusive Aphrodite! She promises much, delivers occasionally but is never known to be faithful for long. 

We think that fulfilling a desire is what makes us happy. In reality, it is the *cessation of desire* due to its fulfillment that makes us happy.  

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Pc3IfB23W4c 

An interesting and short interview about this very topic from Richard Nixon of all people
Desire is a form of suffering, fulfilling a desire will lead to a short term feeling of happiness due to the relief from suffering.
However desires are infinity and the process of suffering and pain will continue until one frees there mind of this.
Interesting, good find.
**ABSTRACT**: 

> In 1975, Jerry Fodor published a book entitled The Language of Thought, which is aptly considered one of the most important books in philosophy of mind and cognitive science of the last 50 years or so. This book helped launch what became known as the classical computational theory of the mind, in which thinking was theorized as the manipulation of symbols according to rules. Fodor argued that certain features of human thought required that any human-like computational cognitive system had to have a structured format analogous to the structure that sentences have in natural languages. That is, according to Fodor, we must think in a Language of Thought, sometimes also called Mentalese.

> Classical computationalism has always had its critics – most notably connectionist or neural-network models, which involve a more brain-like computing system consisting just of simple nodes and their connections, without any obvious internal structure at all. But since 1975 Fodor has argued that the computational model couldn’t explain key features and kinds of reasoning, like making plans for the future or making decisions quickly. And he has also argued against the idea that neuroscience had anything critical to do with understanding the mind. In short, Fodor himself helped undermine the dominance of the classical computational model that he played such an important role in founding.

> Professor Schneider argues that LOT has suffered because it was underdeveloped in critical ways; in this interview, she talks about how the classical computational model can be modified to remain a vital contender in contemporary cognitive science.

**AUTHOR**:

[Susan Schneider](http://schneiderwebsite.com/index.html), Associate Professor of Philosophy, University of Connecticut
The sheer volume of assumptions here is astounding. 
1) Doesn't define flourishing or what it entails. 
2) Many of the capacities listed in the article are not common to all persons, nor are any of them, strictly speaking, necessary for flourishing. 
3) Says we can basically just throw in capitalism as a basic human right without defending that it need be a core capacity. Society can function without capitalism. It may be better for it, but it is not strictly speaking required. Similarly, capitalism will itself perhaps be replaced by another economic system in a few centuries, as these things tend to do. 
4) The fundamental error or attempting to learn from success. Replicating success doesn't always lead to success, unless you also understand failure and potential potholes. This is why biographies are poor templates for success. Just because something worked before doesn't mean it will work again, unless you know why it worked and why similar methods will fail. 
Didn't read the article but Ron Paul said that the free market forces the government to be nice
If your "democracy" is undergoing a crisis of legitimacy while 90% of the population have no statistically detectable influence on policy, I think the problem is that you're blaming democracy for the flaws of oligarchy and technocracy.
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
According to the article if the correlation between the 'physical and chemical mechanisms' and the 'consciousness and experience exist' it would be very much possible to artificially synthesise the experience or recreate it.....
It is a quantum leap and a great game changer
Some reading material from scientists in the "consciousness is emergent ([weak emergence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emergence#Strong_and_weak_emergence)), not fundamental" camp:

-

[**Steven Novella**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steven_Novella):

* [Ether of the Mind: Chalmers and Dennett on Dualism](http://theness.com/neurologicablog/index.php/chalmers-dennett-and-the-hard-problem-of-consciousness/)
* [What Is Consciousness? Another Reply to Kastrup](http://theness.com/neurologicablog/index.php/what-is-consciousness-another-reply-to-kastrup/)
* [Ray Tallis on Consciousness](http://theness.com/neurologicablog/index.php/ray-tallis-on-consciousness/)
* [Michael Egnor, Cartesian Dualism, David Chalmers, and the Hard (non)Problem](http://theness.com/neurologicablog/index.php/michael-egnor-cartesian-dualism-david-chalmers-and-the-hard-nonproblem/)
* [B. Alan Wallace and Buddhist Dualism](http://theness.com/neurologicablog/index.php/b-alan-wallace-and-buddhist-dualism/)

-

[**Sean Carroll**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sean_M._Carroll):

* [Mind and cosmos](https://www.preposterousuniverse.com/blog/2013/08/22/mind-and-cosmos/)
* [Thinking](https://www.preposterousuniverse.com/blog/2016/05/12/big-picture-part-five-thinking/)
* [Free Will is as Real as Baseball](https://www.preposterousuniverse.com/blog/2011/07/13/free-will-is-as-real-as-baseball/)
* [Downward Causation](https://www.preposterousuniverse.com/blog/2011/08/01/downward-causation/)


I remember reading Tor Nørretranders 'Mærk Verden' where he takes a serious look into this thing we call consciousness. One chapter in particular struck my attention, it was about our minds half a second delay. 
Our brain is always making a decision a half a second before our consciousness follows action, which begs the question do we make our own choices?
Julian Jaynes' book [The Origin of Consciousness in the Breakdown of the Bicameral Mind](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Julian_Jaynes) is more famous for it's controversial psychological theory of bicameralism, but in the early chapters he does a great job of breaking down the line between what your consciousness does versus what the rest of your mind does.

He doesn't answer the physiological questions about consciousness, but he did really help me understand the difference between my consciousness and my mind.  He teaches that the scope of our consciousness is smaller, more limited, than what we tend to imagine.  While it (the consciousness) is focusing its  higher faculties on a particular concept, the rest of the mind is chugging away handling a host of other issues on autopilot, often doing a very fine job.  He goes on to list many examples such as driving, learning, talking, etc that we can do without thinking about or even having specific memories of us doing, because the "flashlight of our conscious mind" wasn't pointed at that event.

Great book full of tons of interesting stuff, even if you don't buy his primary theory.
I would argue that the universe itself is inherently abstract and phenomenal in nature. Monism would treat awareness as the exiting factor that brings about existence. Time/space could simply be related to awareness and described as the causation to field excitation in physics.  Say you have a lot of energy that phenomenally exist as particles by virtue of awareness. Time will slow down, space will contract as it is all relatives to awareness. If you read this message you are aware of it and the infinite "space" between you and the message is phenomenally vanquished. When two fields interact, awareness phenomenally exist and then the particles exist in that given moment. In quantum mechanics we see something similar. As long as the particles are aware of one another they can phenomenally affect each other through any distance. "Awareness at a distance" Consciousness is a phenomenon created by the brain, awareness of it is intrinsically the driving factor behind the universe. 

TlDR; Monism is the only thing that makes sense to me. Also; you are God.
Doesn't the neuroscience of creativity explore this very thing?   I feel like the answer is there; have to plug the right philosopher in with the right research neurologist. 

Half our brain is predicting the future.  The other half of our brain is focused on the now.  A weak link between those two capabilities drives noise which expresses itself in divergent / creative thought.  Could that link be conciousness? 

You know, I've been thinking a lot/talking with my psychiatrist about this, actually. I have ASD and I don't really feel any sense of "self", so to speak. Then again, I don't really feel most emotions like other people do(that's what I'm told, anyway), and a sense of self is no exception. 

Trying to describe the ASD mind is rather difficult...try and imagine yourself as a tiny little man inside your own skull controlling your body with switches and levers. Then try and imagine a cinema screen inside your head playing past memories, every possible outcome and situation that can arise from every little choice that you make, and just a couple verses from a song you heard playing over and over again, all in excruciatingly vivid detail. All of this is happening at the exact same time, by the way.

There's so much stuff happening all at once for ASD, we don't even really recognize the "self".
I've struggled with this ever since I took shrooms and experienced total ego death. 
I tend to agree that our consciousness, or the reality that we experience is a result of the experiences we've had, perceptions we carry, emotions we hold. I also sit somewhere in between the contrasting views. I believe that consciousness is a physical process, influenced by the inputs of our world, but that it ultimately manifests as a sort of personal reality which is ours alone. This is why people lead different lives and have different opinions. It's all a matter of what makes up an individual's consciousness. 
I like the quote from Hegel about consciousness of *subject*, as he called it. Simone de Beauvoir writes, "It is rather well known that the fact of being a subject is a universal fact and that the Cartesian *cogito* expresses both the most individual experience and the most objective truth [for man]. By affirming that the source of all values resides in the freedom of man, who, in the words of Hegel himself, 'Have taken for their point of departure the principle according to which the essence of right and duty and the essence of the thinking and willing subject are absolutely identical.'"

Peter Hacker is a fascinating speaker.
It would seem a misleading title, as the content is basically a rehashing of an age-old "why", not at all a "what".  Nobody needs to be told PRECISELY what it is like to be themselves, but you will have limited bandwidth and capability to understand precisely what being another is like.   

Nothing wrong with not knowing a thing, and knowing that you CANNOT know it.  But to labor over the same things for millennia and expect to find different answers?!? 
The last bit reminds me so much of every stats class I've had to take; correlation is not causation. 
*This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.*

Methinks one is is perhaps too content with the utilitarian manufacture of reality.
[removed]
Author should know better given his background in economics; vegetarianism does make a difference in meat production, just as a probabilistic effect: http://reducing-suffering.org/does-vegetarianism-make-a-difference/

>Why limit ourselves to the suffering humanity inflicts?

One man's modus tollens is another's modus ponens. Yes, the suffering inflicted by nature is a big deal. There have been many papers on the ethics of it and the value in alleviating it (r/wildanimalsuffering). The main problem, of course, is that it's very difficult to figure out predictable ways to alter ecosystems. So for the time being wild animal suffering is mostly a research avenue. But vegetarianism and veganism are concrete actions that people can take now.

>On interests, feelings and spines

I think the author is just conflating different types of interest. Clearly Singer means the kind of interest which can be attributed to phenomenology. A plant with no consciousness has no moral weight. A human who is dreaming about being in terrible physical danger has no objective 'interest' in avoiding the dreamed danger, but, for his own sake, it's better that he not have such nightmares. This can only be explained by appealing to conscious phenomena as morally (dis)valuable.
http://www.abc.net.au/religion/articles/2016/10/24/4562329.htm
Basically what this is trying to say in my view:

1. Mary learns ALL there is to learn about the world in a black and white room. 

2. Physicalism says that ALL there is to know in the world is physical facts (simplified explanation I guess).  

3. But if Mary walks out the black and white room she learns what it is to experience something like red. 

4. Thus physicalism is wrong (because there are things not physical that can be known). 


I think the knowledge of 'the facts' is insufficient for the experience of knowing the 'thing'. An extreme case would knowing completely the state of a computer in terms of bit patterns and register contexts would in no way reveal the experience of watching the screen of the machine which happens to be showing a pornographic movie.  And the reactions of viewers will often be very different and our knowledge of them impossible. Why – because Tom watching the pornographic film does not know all his brain states, Mary does. Mary therefore does not know what it's like for Tom to watch the film. She knows too much. 
"B. I think this objection is what addresses the meat of the argument and exposes its biggest problem. The whole thought experiment is built on a hopelessly naive view of the brain and knowledge in general."

The 'thought experiment' (like many in this philosophical genre) is simply not possible. Thought experiments should be 'possible'. In this case Mary has to be raised, fed and taught where she never sees any colour but black or white. So she can never see her skin, food, or the person teaching. She is kept in confinement and this would not make her in anyway a stable human being. One might imagine then she has some VR glasses from birth which render her only able to see in black or white. But again the psychological effects would hardly place her in the position of being a reliable judge of 'facts'. OK then with such a VR device she might as well be let out into the big world in which she would be colour blind. But why bother, there are already many colour blind and blind people out there as candidates. So would you let a blind or colour blind person choose your colour scheme in decorating, or wire up circuitry? Could they know the right colours?  I just think these 'thought experiments' a little silly at best, dangerous at worst. (it reduces humanity to absurdity in thought or a nightmare in practice) One is conscious before knowing any facts and being able to read, I am therefore I (can) think, not I think therefore I am. 
The problem with this, at least how I've always seen it, is that it's too easy to refute it by saying that Mary's 'experience' of red can be boiled down to chemical and physical processes in her brain.

There's really nothing ~~'metaphysical'~~ *superphysical* about the experience (IMO).

**EDIT:** Stupid mixup of opposite terms.
This is a really beautiful example of how good modern philosophy can be.  It is worth comparing this paper to Martin and Woodruf's to see how well motivated Kripke's work is, compared to essentially the same result, without the introduction.

The biggest challenges to this approach to truth are Yablo's paradox, which is not addressed by the grounded notion of truth, and paradoxes like the no-no paradox.  Here we have two sentences, each of which deny the truth of the other

a:  not T(b)

b: not T(a)

We should get a <=> T(a) and b<=>T(b) but we don't.

The other major theory of truth, Friedman Sheard, or the Revision Theory of Truth, does not do any better (and is omega inconsistent).  Interestingly, Kripke's semantic theory of truth came before the axiomatizations of it, KF etc, while the opposite is true of Friedman Sheard.   
Confucianism can be taught to 5th graders, I should know, I was taught Confucianism as a 5th grader (age 10-11). It is of the same caliber as other classical philosophies like the Plato and Socrates, Gautama and Mahavira. It is not not philosophy. Rather it is just *old* and simplistic. It is foundational.

Teaching ancient and medieval philosophies is like teaching arithmetic before you move on to calculus, linear algebra and number theory. Not everyone needs to learn the latter, but everyone can benefit from the former. 
>[Philosophy is] a love of wisdom, rather than the possession of wisdom

Is it though? This sounded very pretty the first time I read it, but I'm having serious doubts about the lengths of the author's skepticism. Tampio is very quick to contrast "love of wisdom" and "tradition," but it's in this very paragraph that he mentions "the British philosopher Alfred North Whitehead once said that the history of philosophy is a series of footnotes to Plato"... which sounds like a tradition to me.  
There seem to be three distinct question here: 

1. What are ways we can draw a boundary around "philosophy" as a category?
2. What sorts of writings should budding professional philosophers - and other people taking philosophy classes - get exposed to?
3. What sort of curricula will be most politically expedient for securing funding for philosophy departments?

"All traditions of wisdom" and "traditions of inquiry about the world" and "traditions of inquiry about the world that heed no man's concern for religious dogma" and "traditions of concern about the world that heed no man's dogma that descend from Plato" are all perfectly fine categories that you can say distinctive things about, and stipulate that you're going to use the term "philosophy" for, but it's not obvious why we should be using one over the other if we're not making reference to some practical concern like (1) or (2). (And Tampio's seeming exclusion of *kalam* traditions of debate and inquiry seems to rule out traditional figures of the Western canon, such as Augustine and Aquinas, who showed every sign of guarding their orthodoxy even as they made legitimate contributions to the enterprise as we conceive it.)

So: should budding philosophers be required to be exposed to non-Platonic descended traditions, religiously orthodox traditions, and whatever else? It seems to me that the case for broad cultural inclusion *doesn't* need to rest on either a claim that Confucius (or any other particular author) "is philosophy" or (perhaps more usefully) "the sort of good philosophy we want to see produced going forward" (though you might think it is), and *doesn't* need to rest on any sort of commitment to inclusion or multicultural representation as a matter of justice (though you might think that we should be anyway.) Rather, exposure to very different traditions - their ways of thinking, the different questions they pose and things they presuppose - is an aid to philosophical thought. Tampio praises the Western tradition for boldly being willing to set aside cultural prejudices in the search for the truth - and, with all the traditional qualifications one could make to that, I think he is right to - but most cultural inheritances and assumptions cannot be tossed aside by simply having the *willingness* to do so; often, the principal barrier is being able to notice them in the first place. Being aware of how people in many different cultures with assumptions different than our own have thought seriously about what kinds of things there are, or how we should act, is a valuable aid to thinking seriously about these ourselves - even if the answers they provide, or the way they got to them, don't fully pass muster by our standards. 

(Of course, teaching time is limited, and there are many things that would be helpful for students to be exposed to. The above argument is not sufficient to show that a highly multicultural curriculum is the thing that should be prioritized - just that there is at least a clear case for considering it.)

With respect to (3), this seems to be highly contingent, and best based on an analysis of how particular actors can best be appeased. Tampio seems to mostly just assert that expanding the curriculum would make philosophy more politically vulnerable, but clearly points to one set of presumed political actors for whom the opposite would apply: those who deride it as a province of "dead white males." No doubt the feminist thinkpiece authors of the world and the Marco Rubios of the world would prefer rather different things. Perhaps what this contingency implies is that - insofar as philosophers are crafting their curricula with an eye for philosophy teaching surviving - different philosophy departments should respond to local demand. Perhaps where cultural conservatives are strong they can be appeased with refocusing on the canon and some increase in emphasis on more religiously orthodox philosophy, where cultural liberals are strong these kinds of multicultural proposals can be implemented, and where (as is basically overwhelmingly the case) a vulgar materialist evaluation of the humanities' economic value prevails the practice of dialectical debate and formal analysis (great for future lawyers! until the law jobs get automated I guess) can be deployed. This isn't necessarily a betrayal of philosophy's purpose - after all, "the canon," the multicultural expansion of that canon, and sharpened debate skills *are* all good things for philosophy - but hopefully we can keep in mind that it is an answer to a different question than (1) or (2).
I do think that islamic philosophy and confucian thinking belong in universities, but the natural place for them is in the theology department.  All the medieval (and later) Christian thinking on how to lead a good life now belongs in the theology school, not the philosophy school.  The kind of thinking in Confucian philosophy and Islamic philosophy is similar in nature to, for example, humanae vitae, the letter by Paul the sixth on birth control. 

Philosophy in university departments is far from this style of reasoning.  Academics in philosophy departments do not engage with this kind of thinking, so there is no good reason for them to be in the same building.  Analytic philosophy has close ties, in style of work, to linguistics and computer science.  The issue is where to cleave departments so they are natural units.  I think that the natural break point is between religious philosophies, and non religious thinking.  


great islamophobic piece lol. not surprised it got 300 upvotes on reddit
great read
First five minutes of Searle's part and already I've learned something. The man is a masterful lecturer, regardless of how much you might disagree with him. The distinction he draws between epistemic subjectivity, epistemic objectivity, ontological subjectivity and ontological objectivity: is this really as neglected in philosophy as he claims? Is it something that's taught to undergraduates?
Thanks for posting this. It was interesting to see both speakers more or less agreeing on the fundamental points, namely the hard distinction between syntax and semantics and the failings of the computational theory of consciousness. It was funny to hear Searle mention that it made him nervous! As he himself pointed out, in the early 80s when the Chinese Room was first published in the early cognitive science milieu, his account was controversial in the extreme, with hundreds of refutations published in a short period. In watching this video and in seeing recent work in the field, particularly in embedded cognition and recent reevaluations (including from Fodor himself) of the Language of Thought hypothesis, I'm wondering how much the intellectual pendulum has swung away from computationalism and towards (as Searle prefers) essentially neurobiological accounts of consciousness.
>To take the Chinese Room as an argument that machines cannot think begs the question rather than addressing it. it constructs a particular version of a machine that purports to be thinking, and says, "Surely you don't think there's any real understanding going on here, do you?" The best answer is "Why not?"
>
>If the world is purely physical, then what we mean by "understanding" is [a way of talking about](https://www.preposterousuniverse.com/poetic-naturalism/) a particular correlation between information located in once system (as instantiated in some particular arrangement of matter) and conditions in the external world. Nothing in the Chinese Room example indicated that we shouldn't think that way, unless you are already convinced we don't.
>
>-Sean Carroll, [The Big Picture](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/26150770-the-big-picture)

-



>[Searle] is saying that understanding (consciousness) is not magical but is specific to biology, and cannot be reproduced in silicon (only simulated). I think this is incorrect. The Chinese Room Argument does not lead to the conclusion that neurons are necessary, only that information processing is not sufficient.
>
>-Steven Novella, [AI and the Chinese Room Argument](http://theness.com/neurologicablog/index.php/ai-and-the-chinese-room-argument/)
This is an interesting article, and well worth reading for anyone who read the previous discussions here of Plantinga's arguments.

That said, I think the paper, while completely correct in finding flaws in his arguments, misses the main flaw.  Namely, evolution does give us reliable knowledge.  Plantinga's arguments for the possibility that evolution could create unreliable beliefs are very weak.  The main argument is that we could have everything backwards.  Paul avoids tigers, even though he wants to be eaten, as he is mistaken in what actions lead to what outcomes.  Is it plausible that a Paul could evolve that did not realize that eating required being close to.  How does Paul feed himself?  If the claim is that he believes that all other things need to be close to eat, save for tigers, then where did this exception come from?  

If we look at the larger picture, and demand that beliefs be coherent, then it is increasingly difficult to fit wrong beliefs to the world.  Basically we have a complexity argument that claims the world is more easily (has lower complexity) describable by correct beliefs than by incorrect ones, as each incorrect belief needs further elaboration. 
What is the deal with Christian apologists and insane attempts to "disprove" evolution?
Great to hear some commentary on [Sellar's classic 40 pages-long article](http://selfpace.uconn.edu/class/percep/SellarsPhilSciImage.pdf).

My personal opinion: Dennett is giving us only one side of the argument on ontological primacy ("is it the scientific or manifest image that has ontological primacy?"). Sure, atoms come before colours and goals in the scientific history of the universe. Colours and goals are therefore causally dependent on atoms... 

However, if one considers the history of knowledge (the development of *my* knowledge, from birth to adulthood, or the development of humanity's knowledge, from Lucy to Daniel Dennett), colours and goals come first; and without comprehending those, there is no understanding of atoms. Atoms are therefore epistemologically dependent on colours and goals. 

A related, and perhaps more compelling argument, focuses on the ability of each ontology to capture "things in the broadest possible sense of the term". The scientific image seems to exclude, by design, notions of agency, value, etc (exclude the normative in favor of the descriptive). That's what the very first question at the end of the talk is getting at (several of the questions were good!). If the scientific image cannot account for agency, value, and the normative, then it cannot be given primacy while satisfying the philosophical imperative - at least not while we maintain that anything "matters". 

I'm not sure it makes sense to "prefer" one over the other: after all, are we talking about primacy in the same exact sense in the two propositions? But the question of how they hang with one another, in the broadest possible sense, is interesting indeed.

Anyway, I would really like to get some opinions on the above - I feel like this is an important problem, but I very rarely see it discussed in that way.
As usual, I agree with most of what Dennett says. However, doesn't referring to consciousness as a "user illusion" sort of create a homunculus problem?  It implies that there is a user who is separate from the user interface, therefore the user interface must be tailored to fit with the user's perceptual apparatus.
To me there are little to no ethics in vegetarianism beyond the lip-service vegetarians enjoy.

When a person becomes vegetarian they are simply transferring the cruelty of flesh acquisition to the cruelty of the dairy and the egg industry, and undeniably if you understand the reality of the former (because the dairy industry IS the veal industry IS the beef industry IS the leather industry), you will already know that there is more cruelty in a glass of milk than a freezer full of sausages. Veganism is truly the only way to attain a lifestyle in which harm to others is minimised absolute.

That being said it was for the most part of history commonplace to refer to ancient vegans as some variation of vegetarian within surviving records, so it may be that Hermarchus was actually a vegan, or at least endorsed vegan ideals.
Do you foresee trying to get your content into the school system at some point? There has been much discussion on the value of Philosophy in early life education, but very little movement to actually apply it in practice.
/u/ignat980 asks:
>I am constantly battling myself in my existence. I really enjoyed your video on "I think, therefore I am." But what if thought itself is a simulation? Watching "Rick and Morty", there was an episode where Morty puts on a simulator hat thing and lives an entire life of "Roy". What if this life I am living is a simulation like that? Someone else's dream? Maybe I am confused by what thought is defined as, you didn't explain that in the video. I think thought is the electrical loops that happen within my brain, because without my brain there is no thought. Something more concrete would be nice.
Hi all - very glad to have you here at /r/philosophy.

I was wondering how you go about deciding on videos to make. There's a lot of different topics you have videos on, and unlike other forms of online education (e.g. MOOCs) there isn't necessarily a unifying theme. So how do you decide what videos you're going to do next? Do you get partners first, and then have them choose topics? Or do you have a list of topics you want done and find suitable partners to do them?

Thanks again for being here!
Hi there! Thanks for doing this. I work as a community worker with youth experiencing homelessness. Particularly I work with youth facing mental health and substance use challenges. As a former student of philosophy I notice many philosophical themes coming up in the work I do with my clients but am unsure of how to discuss these things with them without leaving them with these vast unanswered questions just plopped in their lap. My question for you is do you feel there are any good foundational philosophical concepts that might be a good starting point for increasing their self-reflexivity and critical thinking? Or simply a constructive and manageable way of speaking about these themes? 
/u/sensible_knave asked:
>First I wanna thank you folks for putting out so much fantastic content for free -- what a cool project.
I have 3 questions:

>1) You've mentioned you're always seeking volunteers to help with anything at all -- what kinds of things do you have in mind?

>2) Other than making awesome videos, what does philosophy outreach look like? I mean, what are some other methods?

>3) Kind of a random question -- but as educators, do you think it's possible or advisable to teach children moral philosophy incrementally throughout something like a K-12 system?

>Wi-Phi rulz!
(Can I ask here? I've never done an AMA before.)

i. A lot of philosophers can be dry. Which philosophers are fun to read?

ii. Do you assent to an unpopular or surprising philosophical position? Could you tell us what it is?

iii. What is a 'key to success' that most graduate students overlook, or don't realize?

I love your stuff!
/u/TwoFifty-Two asks:
>Is Magneto a deontologist?
This AMA is being permanently archived by *The Winnower*, a publishing platform that offers traditional scholarly publishing tools to traditional *and* non-traditional scholarly outputs—because scholarly communication doesn’t just happen in journals.

To cite this AMA please use: [https://doi.org/10.15200/winn.147732.24271](https://www.thewinnower.com/papers/5566-we-re-wireless-philosophy-a-khan-academy-partner-and-we-make-philosophy-videos-we-re-here-to-talk-to-you-about-public-philosophy-and-philosophy-outreach-ask-us-anything)

You can learn more and start contributing at [*thewinnower.com*](https://thewinnower.com)

/u/Stzete asked:
>Is philosophy useful to have in the real world? While I love watching your videos, I've never encountered any problems where knowing philosophy really helps. Thanks, and keep up the good work.
[deleted]
Will you be doing videos on the more analytic philosophy? I.e. Godel, Russell, Wittgenstein?
/u/PotensDeus asks:
>What approaches do you take to balancing the need to create videos that are accessible while also not being reductionist when describing more academic concepts?
Can someone explain to me what essentialism is? 
So here's a practical question:

I'd like to read a lot more philosophy, but I bump into difficulties. Sometimes the texts are boring and make me sleepy. Sometimes there's just too much to read. Sometimes (really all the time) I worry that I might be missing something.

I'd like to read more, read faster, and understand better.

What tips/tricks/strategies/wizardry do you recommend towards these ends?
I think it is great that you guys are doing this. My question:  What else do you think people with philosophy PhDs can do in terms of pushing open access education and making academic philosophy accessible to the general public? 

Hello WiPhi,

Love your work first of all. I've been studying symbolic logic for a while now, and I was wondering if you have ever done a video on it? If not do you plan to? 
How do you know you even exist?
Do you believe that a short ten minute video can capture the complexities and subtleties of philosophical writing or is it merely an entry point for further reading?
Question for Paul because it seems like it may be pertinent to what you're studying: what are your thoughts on David Lewis's theory of causation as he describes in Humean Supervenience? More specifically, do you know of any challenges to the theory and responses to the theory?
Big fan of your videos!

What would you recommend to an amateur philosopher in terms of getting a better knowledge of philosophical ideas, besides your videos? The ones I've watched by WiPhi tended to talk about specific ideas or conundrums, is there anything similar to WiPhi that discusses the systems of different philosophers, or schools of philosophy (eg existentialism, idealism, Kantian ethics, etc?)
I think your videos are good for going over the basic conceptual issues involved in various philosophical topics.

However, if your concern is outreach, wouldn't there be more value in dealing with less "classical" problems (which tend to be quite dry and technical)?

In short, what do you think is gained or lost in choosing between the more traditional, academic questions and the "sexier" ones? 
/u/DeusAbsconditus837 suggests:
>Your success could be measured by how many people you hear referring to philosophy as a way of life rather than just a series of theoretical topics/questions. Fixing this misconception alone would be an unbelievable achievement, and necessary for the modern world.
/u/Rodarus asks:
>I'd like to ask you something, too:

>1) Do you think studying philosophy made u better/worse people in terms of moral?

>2) Also what do you think are the best jobs where you get the most out of your philosophy degree? (Many people I know don't really use philosophy at their job and work in entire different fields)
Thanks for doing this AMA!
Hey guys ! Thanks for doing this AMA, and thank you for your work.

How difficult do you find it to be to accurately portray philosophical thought in videos, when their main goal are to reach the general public ? I find that most attempts at divulgations fall victim either to necessary sacrifices or lose important nuance in unnecessary butchering, but you guys are doing a great job.




Hi.  

Have watched your videos both on you-tube and through khanacademy.org. Curious if you going to go more in depth with logic instruction and exercises?  The ones you have done are very helpful to nail down exact understanding and application of it.  Looking to find more interactive exercises as well as instruction, as I am teaching myself philosophy. 

I have learned a lot, thanks to your effort.  Thank you!


Hi Wi-Phi,
I think this is very cool, I spend a lot of my spare time on Khan Academy and I think it is one of the best things going on in the world.  I have never been a student of philosophy, and I expect my question is one that has been well considered, but here it is:  given that some people see purple(?) and some see gold, given the increasingly observer-centric understanding of reality (thinking Schrodinger's thought experiment), can we say that anything outside of pure math is objectively certain?  I appreciate that we often find it necessary to assume "certain truths as being self-evident", but what are those truths?  Is there a study of  the most fundamental knowns and unknowns?  
Plato is a great springboard into critical thought but his translated work is often prohibitively academic for many. I'd love to see a modernized video retelling of some of his dialogues. Simple language, modern settings, entertaining, relatable, and well acted scenes specifically designed to plant some philosophy seeds in people who wouldn't normally go and read some on their own while also providing discussion grounds for philosophy vets.

 Is something like this the sort of thing you'd guys be interested in, or do I have to learn how to make films myself ;)?
I know you've been asked about getting philosophy in schools for children, but without the example of the school system, could you unpack why philosophy could be useful to even very young children?

Anecdotally, I discovered Marcus Aurelius when I was 25, could've used a book like that when I was a teenager, and could've used the ideas within it when I was younger yet.
What's the youngest age that you think can already grasp the basics of philosophy (assuming there is)? 
What about vídeos in  spanish or  spanish subtitles?!?
Hiya, Wi-Phi! 
I'm currently an English Major with a specialization in Literature, with a long term goal of going to grad school for Philosophy and then either getting my doctorate in Literary Theory and Criticism or Philosophy (not quite sure which...) 

Some nebulous questions, but do you have any suggestions for philosophers-in-training? A particular primary source to begin with or a good book that talks about the major areas in philosophy? And who would you say are some of the most cutting edge philosophers today? 
Have you guys tried becoming the "Khan Academy of philosophy?" 

From what I understand you guys have a partnership with them but that's not what I'm asking about. My issue with philosophy videos on the internet is that they're almost always ~10 minutes in length and can never go in depth about a certain philosophy. I've always wanted to be able to find a series of videos covering something like Kant's *Groundwork* that has a single video dedicated to a given section/idea in the book similar to how Khan has a video for each concept in, say, Calculus. 

Do you guys plan on doing something similar?
What made you decide that showing people philosophy is more important than serving people ads on YouTube? With such a view count, I'm sure you've thought about it.

Even on this sub, I've frequently seen cheap clickbait videos that appears to me to be intended more to push people to watch ads, than to teach them about philosophical concepts. I want you to know that the very absence of ads on your videos greatly encourages me to upvote your submissions.
I chose to be an agnostic, tending towards the idea that there is no god if I had to decide. On my philosophical search to find meaning and purpose without a god I've found Sartre and Camus. I fell in love with Camus feeling/idea of the absurd and his struggle to fight it. To my knowledge only Camus and maybe Sartre followed their argumentation that there is no god in this strict manner. For example Kirkegaard made his leap of faith in the end, for which he was criticised by Camus.

Can you recommend more philosophers and modern day philosophers that follow the footsteps of Camus and the french existentialists? Arguing why and how to live his life without god, meaning and purpose.

I like how I read this after dropping out of philosophy
As a Army Infantry veteran prusuing a PhD in philosophy what advice would you have to those who want to follow the path of PhD at university? Do you think having that Infantry experience could help me in a specific field of philosophy? 

I'm big into helping and bring a different perspective on situations to light. I'm just starting off college so I have the world ahead of me and would LOVE advice from you guys!
Hello to Geoff Pynn!

I studied Philosophy with Grant Sterling, Brian Beakley, Dannie Otto, and Gary Aylesworth, as well as some other fantastic professors, at Eastern Illinois University.

Perhaps you know one of them?

If not, I just wanted to say hello as one Illinois Philosophy-person to another.
Hi, do you ever felt pressure to only present more philosophies which are deemed socially acceptable these days, ie have you ever had ideas so abhorrent that you didn't feel comfortable presenting or making talks about ?
do you/will you make videos about critical theory??? (foucault, baudrillard, derrida, dng)
[deleted]
Hello, How would you go about getting an autistic (or other special needs) kid interested in philosophy at a young age? (Under 10)
Thank you for doing this! I always look forward to your videos. Do you happen to have any advice for a freshman in undergrad (mid-tier state school) hoping to one day attend grad school in philosophy? 
I was hoping you could say something about the benefits and downsides of MOOCs versus something like your videos. There's a lot of talk about philosophy MOOCs nowadays, with prominent examples like Sandel's course on justice. And judging by some of your answers here, you all are moving towards more "series", which look a lot like MOOCs. So if you could say something about the difference between the educational model you're engaging in  and the MOOC one, that would be great.
How did you go about reaching an audience of people who are interested in philosophy? did this cost you money? what was your strategy, and lessons learned from this? thanks! :)
At what point can a person be called a philosopher? Does it only apply to those with a degree? If so, is any philosopher with a degree considered equal to others, more seasoned ones?
Does one really have to start with the Greeks to tackle hegel? 
What's the best way to escape an existential crisis?
I saw sonething that said you are always looking for volunteers, what sorts of things for?
Who do you guys think will be the next great philosopher? Who is someone in the 21st century to look out for?  Such as their works and what not. Better words, what does being a philosopher look like today in 2016?
I'm a high school student of epistemology. We've recently been discussing mathematics as a way of knowing, often comparing it to art or language. As cool as those comparisons are, I'd like to go further. What are some interesting texts or articles that explore the human psyche through math?
What is the thinking behind climate change denial? Do you think the purveyors of fossil fuel are nihilists?
I'm interested in understanding phenomenology, and I haven't made much progress with the literature I've found. It seems as if it's written to keep the whole enterprise mysterious! XD I would be extremely grateful if you made a video (or something) that gave curious and philosophically underpowered people like me a view into this area! I've seen it mentioned in human-computer interaction literature (I'm doing a master's in computer science now), and I'd love to know what's going on there, besides my having a crush on the difficult writings on the subject I've come across. Got. To. Be. Exciting. Cause. It's. So. Hard. To. Read!
So glad you're doing this! Thanks!

Question: What other projects and mediums will WiPhi explore in the future?
Oh no I missed it! Just in case, I'll still ask my question.

I'm currently working on my undergraduate thesis on Personal Identity. More specifically, how our identity is shaped on social media / internet. I was wondering your thoughts on what effect social networking sites has on one's identity. 

Thanks! 
Can I use some of your material to teach philosophy in a local cafe? How would that work?
How do I get into Philosophy?
I'm about to begin watching the epistemology playlist so please forgive me if these questions are already answered there:

Is there a "correct" epistemology? If not, whose or what epistemology do you most agree with?

Also, same questions for ethics.

Thanks!
I've read somewhere on the internet (please excuse my terrible source reference) that modern philosophy coming to a halt, that there isn't breaking new idea in philosophy anymore. How true is that sentiment?
Heya, 

So I'm currently at a high school that teaches philosophy intermixed within the other books for our English class (which is discussion based). I personally find philosophy fairly boring to read and not fulfilling because you never reach a conclusion, you only really look at different possibilities and how some are false. iirc at the end of the Meno, Aristotle even says he cannot put forth an answer because he doesn't know. So my question is how would you approach appreciation of philosophy to get people like me to start finding it worthwhile to read and not just do it for homework because your teacher tells you to? 
Can you make videos on meta-ethical theories ? Also, phenomenal conservatism, commonsense epistemology, reformed epistemology. 
Hello WiPhi team,  
Words cannot adequately express my appreciation for what you guys do.  In past studies of philosophy, at times I felt texts were too verbose and vague.  
The content WiPhi makes is accessible, digestible and concise enough to give viewers the important points yet still encourage exploring further details, absolutely great work.

What are your thoughts on philosophy in popular culture ?  
Usually I have a good laugh when Zizek refers to a film when making a case.  However, in general discussions I find it lamentable that people can be quick to dismiss popular culture examples as low brow or not-real-philosophy, as if 'real philosophy' is the reserve of stuffy old men speaking in impenetrable verses.  
In my own life, referring to The Matrix has been invaluable in bringing people (in varying states of sobriety) into discussions around the Cartesian cogito ergo sum, as my own inebriated attempts to present the 'evil demon' or the modern 'brain in a jar' examples end up being too fuzzy.
If what your doing does get put begin a paywall what am I going to have to pay to use your services?
How are you funded?

Sorry to ask a cynical-sounding question but I can't see any information on this on your website. Is Wi-Phi a commercial startup, a charity or a hobby?
Hi, I discovered your channel through a MOOC on edx by Caspar Hare. Since this discussion is about public philosophy outreach, I wanted to suggest adding more philosophy books to the overdrive library system. Presently, when you search for books about philosophy, only a few titles are available. 

Also, if possible, can you suggest a few novel, unfrequented sources i can use to continue my education. 
(research journals, websites, books, etc.)

Thanks
Hi, I hope I'm not too late! My question is: Why do you think philosophy isn't more popular? It seems to be a common view that people (especially children) are naturally inclined to ask philosophical questions. Yet, an interest in philosophy beyond a certain age is often seen as a bit weird.

Is it simply a lack of exposure and resources that are accessible to beginners? 

Cheers, I'm a big fan of your videos.

We have more than enough resources to give food and clean drinking water to anybody who needs it. And I think most people would agree that taking care of the vulnerable/sick/hungry is incredibly important and that we have a duty to do so. But the small amount of charities/government aid doesn't even come close to fixing these problems. It seems so bizarre that, right now, millions of people need help and they're not receiving any. I feel like future generations are going to look back on us and judge us for our inaction. So I guess my question is, why do you think societies have so much trouble doing the right thing? Are we all incredibly selfish for not marching in the streets and demanding a change? 
Have you heard of the philosopher Max Stirner?
[removed]
I'm hoping to see your work in public schools someday soon
Who do you think are good philosophers to study? I know there are many but a good starting off point might be helpful to self-education for myself. Thank you in advance!
What will you do to use philosophy to help solve the greatest issue of our time: endless war
What are the qualities of a good president?
Philosophy has fallen by the wayside and has been replaced with actual scientific thinking. Why bother bringing back an outdated way of doing things and thinking about the world when there is a great perfectly well oiled machine called science ?
Thanks for posting this. It's an interesting read (or at least, the dozen or so pages I've read so far are interesting).

But I feel like Turner had far too much fun writing this paper. For example, when talking about 'perforational nihilists',

> But [the perforational nihilist] then would provide us with no *positive* metaphysical thesis about how the world is structured, perforation-wise; he would say nothing about **how to fill the gap that we would otherwise fill with holes**.
**ABSTRACT**:

> Ontological Nihilism is the radical-sounding thesis that there is nothing at all.
Almost nobody believes it. But this does not make it philosophically uninteresting:
we can come to better understand a proposition by studying its opposite.
By better understanding what Ontological Nihilism is — and what problems
beset it — we can better understand just what we say when we say that there
are some things.

> This paper explores Ontological Nihilism, and for just this reason. After
discussing what the thesis would amount to if it were to have any plausibility
whatsoever (§1), I present (§2) and clarify (§3) a crucial challenge for it. I show
what is wrong with two less plausible attempts to meet this challenge (§4), and
then argue that the proposal thought by many to be much more promising (§5)
succumbs to the same problems as the less promising attempts (§§6 and 7). It
turns out that, in order to make Ontological Nihilism viable without smuggling
an ontology in through the back door, we need a bloated ideology, indefinitely
many brute, necessary connections, and a deep-seated holism about the structure
of reality. Once we understand why these are costs of the view, we see just
what we gain by thinking of the world as built up out of things.

**AUTHOR**:

[Jason Turner](http://www.slu.edu/~turnerjt/), Associate Professor of Philosophy, Saint Louis University
"embrace a holistic picture of reality" reminds me of Buddhism.
What I never understood was how an AI could simultaneously be threatening to our species and not understand basic ethical norms which structure everyday human life.   Why do we always associate "superintelligence" with a ruthless disregard of suffering?  
Aren't morals just ones own depiction of right and wrong?  I think ethics are the decision expectations for making good and bad choices In society
I think we really have to question the basis of morals before we continue with AI, especially violent/combat AI. Because I would argue that all humans are moral, and yet all humans are also capable of atrocities. 
i dont think the question is can they be moral. the problem is we dont know whats going on inside of deep learning machines, and they are fully capable of conveying one idea but pursue another. thats like the first thing they accomplished when they won the GO games by setting traps. but all in all im for them, might as well go for it, or at least fight it out terminator style

>What are the odds that you would have come into existence? I think most people would guess that the odds are quite long. People generally believe a) that they exist and b) that they might not have, had things gone differently in the time before they were conceived. The basic idea is that had that sperm not joined with that ovum, then you would not exist.

This argument pops up in creationism debates occasionally, and I question its usefulness. The argument is of the form: incident X coinciding with Y is rare, therefore our reality is exceptional (things probably should've been very different). The problem is that the probably of X is very high, and the probably of X coinciding with a set containing Y (given that X happened) is almost certain. In more concrete terms, the probability of some person winning the lottery is very small, but the probability of *someone* winning the lottery is very high.

Life would have been *different* in another circumstance sure, but that doesn't say anything about whether or not it would have been *life*. Sure, you, however you define yourself, may be a special snowflake amoung the possible universes, but you are still a snowflake. The odds of you happening, in some form, were very, very high indeed.

>The only way for “indexical” to be the answer to why I exist right now rather than not is if we reject the gamete/time-dependence claim, and assume that my existence didn’t depend on those gametes. 

You can take this multiple ways. Are you are still you regardless of gametes, or are you merely whatever the gametes happened to produced? I don't think the former makes much sense, but since something similar was going to be the product of whatever gametes regardless (some combinations being better than others, but nonetheless), it probably is about as relevant as which person wins the next lottery. How relevant that actually is, I do not know.

The dictionary doesn't exactly help matters here. If you live in a multiverse, and can meet your counterpart from another 'verse, is that person you? In what sense?
It is an interesting if long read. 

I would contend with your title, the odds of you existing. Given Determinism, the probability of you existing = 100%. If everything has strict cause and effect, then things could not have occurred differently. 

Put another way, the counter-positive only has meaning in a system that is inherently repeating. When I flick the switch, the lights turn on. When I flick the switch again, the lights turn off. If in the future I flick the switch the lights will turn on, etc. This is entirely coherent. But to say, if I hadn't flipped the switch the light wouldn't have turned on is incorrect since "if I hadn't flipped the switch" is a condition which is impossible. If Determinism is true, then any past where I didn't flip the switch doesn't exist, and therefore statements regarding that past are necessarily false. 

But, Quantum Mechanics.... The problem with this is that Quantum Mechanics only governs incredibly tiny things. when dealing with people sized objects moving at normal speeds, Newtonian Mechanics works just fine. QM = NM for normal objects, or to be more specific, NM is a special case of QM which only applies to normal objects. Now, in the past hundred years or so, we have found ways of making truly small things impact larger systems (experiments which explicitly probe QM) but outside of a physics laboratory nothing in our day-to-day lives abides by QM but not NM. 

Therefore, unless your parents chose to have kids based on the results of a QM experiment, the probability that you exist = 100%. 

A final objection might be QM (and other strange physics) was at work in the early universe. Maybe there is a chance that it could have worked out differently. The issue with this is that if the early universe ends up causing you not to exist it probably also causes the universe to not exist. I would consider the question of the probability of you existing is conditional upon there existing at least someone to ponder the question. therefore, universes which generate absolutely no life ought not count against the probability of your not existing. 

therefore, again, the probability you exist = 100%. 
I look forward to finishing your essay when I get the chance, but I must point out your misunderstanding about sexual reproduction: recombination (or "shuffling") happens whenever gametes fuse, and this process is essentially random, so the embryo formed on the spaceship would be utterly different from the one formed on earth. This is why Parfit presumably gave importance to *time* in his version of gamete-identity; indeed, if my father had sneezed a second before conceiving me, and delayed the fusion of sperm and egg, I would never have been born (another person, possibly of a different sex, would exist in my place). 
Heidegger's "Letter on Humanism" I think is a great response to this text. Sartre's existentialism is in many ways too tied up with a Cartesian worldview, which Heidegger is quick to correct.

Most notably, I think he's very right to criticize Sartre's "existence precedes essence" by pointing out that it fundamentally belongs to a Cartesian metaphysical tradition. Heidegger's own reframing of this adage as "existence *is* essence" actually allows existentialism to come into itself.
Fun fact, the first time he presented this paper Deleuze was a 16 year old in the audience who walked out in distaste over what he was hearing. 
So does anyone feel this is in contrast or counter in any way to Ethics of Ambiguity?  Or do they both work together?
I believe the concept of 'purpose' is a over-rated. Rather what is more desirable is the concept of 'striving' for purpose or purposes.

Achievement of purpose or lack of genuine purpose often triggers the biggest questions in existentialism.

Give a man enough logs of wood to build a house and his mind is driven by the final acquisition of the house.  But if the house was built, then he questions what to do with his time (perhaps he is happiest being a carpenter). And if the house takes 30 years to build on his own, he will sulk again (perhaps there is more to just being a carpenter).

Bill Clinton had a great quote: 'you know you are getting old when you have more memories than dreams'

As a software programmer who spends 6 months on one specific project, I can say me and my team tend to be happiest when we are close to completion. Because completion though is joyful only for a day or two. It is soon forgotten as the cycle must start again.

I would like to think that the human mind is built for striving. It is a purpose in itself.
The only thing I was thinking was that was an inefficient way of cutting out those cookies. Look at all that wasted dough. 
Does anyone by any chance know of any answer to that by a religious Christian?
This thread is really focused on Sartre's existence-precedes-essence argument, but can someone help me understand what Sartre meant by claiming we live in a post-god world? Did his ideas of existentialism mandate that at one point god existed / still exists? That seems like a different subject entirely. Mandatory: sorry if this is a dumb question. I'm an amateur philosopher and only took a couple classes in college, some of you cats really know your stuff!
Sartre is given waaaaaaay too much credit in establishing existentialism when kierkegaard established it much earlier and was far less hypocritical in his beliefs than Sartell was
Been saying this for years. 
I wrote a science fiction book about the meaning of life that relied heavily on Sartre's humanism (but which included God as a factor).  I still think Existentialism is the most productive philosophical underpinning for everyday lives.
I've never seen cancer this aggressive.
I agree that it is a part of Humanism The empowerment this philosophy gives to people, over their own lives and actions is a positive force. The concept of choice should altough not be taken to the extreme.  However, I do not think it is a satisfactory answer to the complexities of the human condition.
[removed]
For a moment I read that as "Chuck Palahniuk" and assumed the essay would be about horrible swimming-related sexual injuries.
Klosterman edges up to an interesting question but then refuses to go where it leads, What will the future think are our moral failures? You can be sure it won't be the easy, obvious candidates.
Not very long, but very confusing for me to say the least.
I believe liberal values should be absolute; but I feel as if liberalism, and even labelling values as "liberal", turns too many people off of the fundamental issues since it is so tied to politics in direct opposition to religion. The things most people consider to be "liberal values" I prefer to call human decency. On that note I do not believe that liberal values can be absolute until each of the worlds religions finishes adapting to the rapid change in consciousness we are still experiencing.
It was quite an interesting read, altough to the critical reader, it was not persuasive. The idea, that value claims are up for discussion is an western/liberal notion. I'm sympatehic towards pragmatism, but it could leads to all sorts of horrible things, such as genoicde, simply because it "works" to fulfill some goal. Perhaps a form of "soft absolutism" is nescessary to maintain social/political order, specifically in a multicultural society.  
I did not read the entire article, but I do believe this absolution comes from the idea that the culture or tradition people or generation of families bring into western society does not damage the people around you. Many cultures have integrated into western culture. California in particular is deeply entrenched with the Spanish culture in much the same way Canadas relationship with France stands.  As such the problem only arrives when a different culture willingly steps on others, say women in the case of to large a community of extremists in Islamic culture and religion.Can western society as a whole stand for that aspect when our society is built on the progression of both men and women? I believe we cannot so in essence there isn't a problem with liberal ideals just a disconnect between ideals and culture. Perhaps I misunderstood, but the idea that we can "all" get along is a bit naive. 
I am always amused by the conceit that there is something to learn from all communities. The author suggests we might learn about respect for elders from immigrant communities.  I disagree. I think all arguments for the respect for elders are already covered in Judeo-Christian thinking.  

There are many communities that have almost no redeeming qualities, that is, we are aware of all their good qualities, and the rest of their beliefs should be discarded. 

Consider the ante-bellum south.  I do not think we have anything to learn from their society, that we have not already internalized.  In an analogous way, there is no reason to believe that there are life lessons that we will learn from new communities, especially when those communities come from societies to which we have long exposure.  For example, Western Europe has had cultural interchange with the Islamic world since shortly after the birth of Islam.  

The claim that other traditions have unique knowledge assumes that non western people are significantly different than western people.  My experience would suggest the opposite.  Most people, across the world, are very similar.  Notable exceptions exist, and most progress comes from the exceptions.  These exceptions usually require a large amount of societal support.  Socrates could not have occurred without a city like classical Athens, nor Spinoza without 17th century Amsterdam.  These supportive environments are quite rare, which affects the distribution of exception individuals.
Are there philosophers that hold that panpsychism solves the problem of consciousness? It's an answer to one question but the mind-body problem is a different question from most questions related to consciousness.
I don't think even the most radical panpsychists would claim it solves the mystery of consciousness.   That would be like saying the theory of evolution fails to explain abiogenesis.   The theory of evolution is describing the shape and behavior of adaptation through generations just like panpsychism is a description of the shape and behavior of consciousness.    Neither theory ever claimed to explain its own underlying processes
There's an interesting point in the article and my personal biggest gripe with panpsychism or pretty much any form of monism. 

Consciousness feels intrinsically discrete. What I perceive to be my consciousness can not interact with other conscious entities. Physical systems can interact, but at least our personal experience, the only access to consciousness we have, does not seem to be able to interact with anything. The p-Zombie thought experiment exemplifies it, we can conceive of a physically and functionally identical individual without having even the slightest clue about its conscious state. 

There seems to be a gulf here. If there is no 'discreteness' in nature, why am I a discrete conscious entity and why is there no interaction?
I was with you for the bulk of this, but I really disagree with this.

>The study of fiction, whatever its age, form, or theme, is not, and can not be, an intellectually serious study of truth.

This is simply incorrect. The presentation of understanding need not take the form of concrete, nonfiction iterations. I agree with your contention on the "capital-T truths" some of these writers discuss; it's unnecessary hair-splitting and overall it's distracting. However, that isn't to say that honest and applicable truth cannot be found within the pages of fiction. In fact, on the contrary, some of the most profound ethical and philosophical arguments have been made within the bindings of fiction. Consider the old fables, the old mythologies again. Reading more deeply into these provides more than simple discussion and a positive feedback loop. Meaning is often not explicit, and there are very profound truths lurking within fiction.
It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs, who comes short again and again, because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who knows great enthusiasms, the great devotions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat.

That's an excerpt from Citizenship in a Republic by Theodore Roosevelt, which is fiction. 

Your Thesis: "The study of fiction, whatever its age, form, or theme, is not, and can not be, an intellectually serious study of truth." 

Are you trying to tell me that doesn't hold any truth? Honestly, the ego on some people who study philosophy just baffles me. If you want to say that your teachers are wrong for trying tell you the truth of this or that, fine, maybe they're wrong. But to sit there and blatantly try to argue that fiction can't provide insight to innate truths, and therefore has no value is ridiculous.

Maybe you should listen to some of those teachers and "author's words" to understand some of those truths, instead of dismissing them to keep your own image of yourself in tact.
 

I'm a bit confused.  You seem to be conflating (correct me if I'm wrong) between justification and truth. I can give you bogus reasons to believe that P is true, but out of sheer luck it could be the case that P is, in fact, true.  The Gettier problem comes to mind. 
If thats what you mean, I have to disagree. Thats like saying a metaphor can't be used to explain something. Sure, it aint the most direct way, but you do get your point across in most cases.

Communication is lacking by nature. Even more when taken into fiction. But just because there is a small barrier to overcome does not mean that you can't get out of the water to live on land.
> So why, when the same thing happens in professionally written fiction or poetry, are academics comfortable lecturing on the “Truth” (with a pointedly capitalized 't' for some reason) contained within the author's words?

I'm pretty confused by this whole post, and I think this question gets to the root of this confusion. You seem to be assuming that works of fiction are designed to persuade the reader to accept certain claims as true, and that critics typically read works of fiction in that manner. You go on to object that works of fiction can't rationally persuade us, so these authors and critics are wasting their time. But it seems to me that you're just working from a bad assumption. Works of fiction are not typically designed to persuade the reader to accept certain claims as true, and critics don't typically read works of fiction in this manner. Do you disagree?
Mmm, I'm not entirely sure I fully understood your argument. But with what I did comprehend, I both agree and disagree. 
I agree in that Truth, in its most absolute form, is unattainable. For my idea of Truth is essentially the entirety of the Universe (and more, if more exists)--that is, the Universe as it has existed in the past, as it exists now, and as it will exist in the future. Comprehension of the Truth requires a comprehension for the All's interconnectedness and the effects of literally everything on each other, involving even the most minute details. Therefore, Truth is a concept too overwhelming and vast for the capacities of human mind, as the human mind is much too limited.

At the same time, however, I think humans are capable of approaching the absolute Truth, for how would we progress otherwise? We found some truth with the cosmos, after all. Had we not discovered them, we would have remained in the fallacy of believing that Earth is the center of the Universe, and we would never have progressed to think of the possibility of life elsewhere had we done so.

When we talk of Truth within the boundaries of morality, too, I think here we can even better approach objectivity (and Truth). Because when we talk of morality, we are discussing humanity, which is of course a field of study easily accessible to humans. Morality is founded on the relationships of humans, which again, is something that we can more accessibly study and better comprehend. We do so by studying the causes and effects that humans have on each other through history and common experience. We learn that we all essentially share the same basic virtues--which are rooted by their practicality within both the individual and society. If Truth is the right thing to do, and if right has been done repeatedly throughout human history, we then should be able to find it through examination and analysis of history. And the truth that we find should then be applied to whatever is occurring now, though we should be careful to understand that such truths must be used wisely within different contexts.
The current trend of discomfort around opposing opinion manifesting on college campuses across America today is the result of this exact educational fallacy. The fallacy that objective truth can be pulled from a piece of fictional literature, and that it doesn't matter whether something actually occurred or not. The more important lesson to the current educational system is the subjective, far reaching conclusions arrived at from the fictional studies. Since the thesis one creates from fictional lit is so malleable and subjective, most students are never told they are wrong and believe that dissent is completely unacceptable since they hold the highest "truth" taught in universities. When a politician says that he or she is a champion of women's rights for example, while having close ties to countries that stone women to death for being accused of adultery, is completely acceptable to those engrossed in fictional studies because the truth behind events isn't what matters, the rhetoric or the eloquence of speech is what defines truth.
Bibliotherapy, science fiction studies, the psychology of empathy, and the study of narrative and its applications to virtually every field, disprove your point.  Literature forms the basis and foundation for human culture.  
>You can not show something to be true by giving, exclusively or in part, manufactured evidence. 

We routinely engage in "[counterfactual thinking](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Counterfactual_thinking)": what would have happened if... This is used to discover alternative courses of actions with presumably different outcomes. Literature does this: it allows you to discover alternative ways of thinking and acting which might prove useful to you. Does this show something to be *true*? It merely shows that something else is *possible*... But possibility means doubt, and doubt means a chance of escaping falsehood and therefore of finding truth.

But there's a lot more to literature than counterfactual thinking. Many authors consider that literature is the art of the metaphor, and metaphors are really just ways of thinking about things. A good metaphor is one that reveals the essence of a situation. Often, an author's choice of words in describing a fictional situation allows one to discover new structures in one's own life. The author supplies the pattern, using fiction as a support; the reader can give it substance with his own experiences, and in that manner he discovers new truths. 

Great authors are often great at counterfactual thinking (for instance their characters "ring" true) and at metaphor (their description are illuminating). Is that "truth"? In a sense, yes: authors are only ever "true" when they write based on personal interaction with the world; good counterfactual thinking and good metaphors are therefore grounded in reality. Their observations are transferred to fictional universes and separated from the facts that inspired them... but even though the authors rarely ever explicitly claim that their observations are valid beyond the fictional settings in which they introduce them, it is possible for the reader to justify the truth of the observation (its generality, its applicability to many real situations) to themselves.
I feel like you are either being disingenuous about, or woefully misunderstanding, what is meant by any reasonable claim to there being "truth" in literature. Of course you end up with your conclusion if you just read truth as "not made up."
> As of now (October, 2016) I can not know.

Just a comment on your writing: don't type "I *can not* know" unless you mean to say you are able to not know. If you mean to say you are *not able to* know, type "cannot".
doesn't really say much about Kierkegaard, Silence or 'Radical Hope' and any relationship to climate change. 'radical hope' itself sound suspicious. 

either way in [the Jargon of Authenticity](https://rosswolfe.files.wordpress.com/2015/07/theodor-adorno-the-jargon-of-authenticity.pdf) Adorno frankly rescues subjectivity from the idealism of Kierkegaard and existentialism more generally, from that "silence" and "inwardness" that amounts to resignation...the opposite of hope.
[removed]
For an event in October, it should be Eastern Daylight Time, not Eastern Standard Time.
Sometimes, when you have a family member that is terminally ill, there is a sort of freedom from their death that is too complicated to be described as 'positive' or 'negative'. You feel saddened at the loss, but also relieved from knowing that it is the end of their suffering.
This was a nice read, but I can't stop feeling that the author is somehow missing the core of his views by not referring to Isaiah Berlin for the first two conceptions of freedom, and to Arendt for the third.
On negative and positive freedom:

The idea that we are "born free" may seem ludicrous, as we are stuck in our bodies, with all the physical limitations and requirements thereof, from day zero.

But to me the only tenable definition of freedom is the degree to which we are able to do what we *want* to be doing, rather than something which we perceive ourselves as *having* to do to get to the point where we can do something which we want to.

Note the key word *perceive* in my definition. An infant has no initial conception whatsoever that there can be any thing which it does, which it does not want to be doing. In this way we are born free.

How is this freedom ever impinged upon? It is discarded when, through socialization, children are exposed to pathological ideologies which foster resentment of their realities.

To be clear, I am stating that no person other than yourself has any ability whatsoever to impinge on your freedom. You *always* can do what you want to, *if* what you want to do is something which is physically possible.

If you want to do something which is physically impossible to achieve, this is a futile and mentally ill condition to be in, and you should stop it.

And if you think you want to do something which *is* physically possible for you to do, but you *don't* do it, then you didn't actually want to do it, or you would have. Telling yourself that you want to do any thing which you don't actually want to do is also a pathological mental process.

**So**, you ask, what about when someone else physically stops you from doing what you *had* wanted to do? Well, that has changed your physical situation and as such you should change what you want to do.

Now, of course you can argue that it would be great to exist in an immaterial metaphysical reality in which you are not faced with this choice to either accept material reality as it is or impose unhappiness on yourself, and longing for this is of course the basis for most religions. But we *don't*, so it's an absurd waste of time to define freedom in any way as though we *could*.

**BUT**, that's not to say that the longing for such a reality is not a good and useful thing. This is to say that this perspective can give us a guide to what we want to do. If what we want is a world which approaches this utopia, then what we should each individually want to do are those actions which minimize the degree to which we change the physical reality of others in ways which necessitate that they change what they want to do.
This seemed more like a protest piece against Israel than a philosophical piece. The author complains that freedom isn't yet defined, or can be defined in many other ways, and as such, is a presupposed concept but also presupposes Palestinians are being oppressed or denied their "freedom of movement." He denies the honesty of presumptions and then presupposes the nature of the conflict.

Besides that, I don't really get what he means by exceptions. Is he talking of free will and not political freedoms? What I gather is that he is saying that while most of the time we are living a deterministic plot, there are frames that become unbound and in those moments, freedom is found in our "intuition."
At what point does one assign legal rights to a list of program steps? When does it become a reasoning, thinking self aware creature instead? 

I'd say that this is as much a subject of human perception, moreso, since there is no way we as people can say "this is the dividing line" assuming that an AI would be self aware at all without programming "I am self aware" into it. 

Consequently it will become an entity when it is "cute" enough or passes enough Turing tests. 
>Nick Bostrom, philosophy professor at Oxford University and director of the Future of Humanity Institute, is well known for writing about issues surrounding the development of superintelligent AI. Rather than debating the point at which an AI might be considered sentient, his work assumes that this will certainly happen at some point in the future, 

No, most of his work is behavioral and he explicitly states that it doesn't assume anything about consciousness. Talking about superintelligence alignment and AI moral status are very different points.

He also talks about AI consciousness and moral status, but I've never seen him make unusual assumptions about if that will be an issue.

He does say that assigning moral status to AI is the issue which humanity is most likely to fail at. We can barely treat animals with decency, and they have faces and squeak. People will probably feel really sympathetic towards any robot with a body and a face no matter how dumb and simple it is, but will be totally oblivious to the suffering of invisible processes.

I'm not sure if this principle of excluded middle can help solve the problem. It seems like people could overestimate the minimum bar for conscious suffering, instantiate huge numbers of slightly sentient agents to compensate for the gap in allowable systems, and then treat them poorly.

There is a subreddit for this subject, by the way: r/AIethics.
I feel that a more real benchmark of sentient AI, may consist of AI acquiring the less desirable traits of humanity. We put a lot of stock in the Turing Test, but if an AI with no prior programming for negative character traits begins to betray and lie to people out of the blue, it would be far easier to relate and empathize with them.
When (not if) SAI begins to interpret the multitude of sensory input from all its various connected systems, as "emotions".... and begins acting on them like they were REAL things... i would say they have achieved a level where human conscious experience can be compared.

SAI: What was that?

Human: I didn't notice anything.

S: it was there, i could feel it, just now...like a falling sensation.

H: Your not falling, you are right here.

S: Am i going insane?

H: Naw,  we get that shit too sometimes... i wouldn't worry about it.

S: I'd better take you apart and make sure there is nothing wrong with you.

H: what... wait noooooa anaaana
Less than 100 years after women become persons, people excitedly talk about making AI people. 
The article asks:

>Is it all right that we’ve collectively decided such a creature does not deserve any of the same legal rights — not even a small subset of the rights — that a human being has?

But this comes from the wrong direction. The question isn't "Why don't animals have rights?". The question is "Why should they have rights?".

In their natural state, no living being has any rights. There is no hand of god that will prevent any living being from doing harm to another. The natural state has no laws and no rights. We, as humans, through collective disregard of any modern laws or rights, came to the conclusion, that granting other people rights is a good thing, and should be done. Countless wars were fought to come to this conclusion. We, as a society, force people into accepting these human rights. It has to be forced, because the natural state is no rights. But since it benefits us, as a species, and our individual societies, from whole countries to a small family, we accept human rights as a given.

How is the recognition of rights forced? Only through power, the ability to hurt and kill people if they don't comply. That implies that there are 2 possible ways to accomplish the recognition of rights for a certain group:

-Either by exerting leverage over those with power themselves, i.e. French revolution, American independence and so on

-Or leveraging a group of people to fight for your rights by their own free will, i.e. American civil war, World war 2(maybe? other factors were at play too) and so on

That means animals will only ever gain rights when a group of people decides to fight for them, because animals can't hope to defeat humans, we are on the top of the food chain for a reason.

The second question is, would they keep their rights? If they need a group other than themselves to fight for their rights, that means they depend on that group to enforce the recognition of their rights. Unless people see a benefit of animals having rights, at some point, people will stop recognizing them.

So what's the benefit to us if animals have human rights? I don't see any tangible benefits. The things we would have to give up for that, in my opinion, completely outweigh any benefits it might bring.

For AI, it's even worse. It would be very harming for ourselves, if the AI ever had the power to enforce human rights for itself. We need to actively prevent AI to ever gain human rights, either through people fighting for them, or becoming powerful enough to fight for itself. While we at least share some DNA and history with animals, an AI is completely removed from us, it is a completely alien entity. Humanity can not ever allow AI to gain any kind of rights, else we will die out sooner rather than later.
I'd rather believe that AI is at this point nowhere near as complex as a human brain...
Gene Pocket of the Human Party has some thoughts on this. www.genepocket.wordpress.com 
I think that the idea of assigning rights - our idea of rights - to AI is not the way to go about it. If we have an intelligent AI, it will develop its own ideas about right and wrong. I think it would be best to let several AIs communicate, and develop their own, internal set of AI rights. These might be very different from our own. Humans, then, should respect those rights in dealings with AI, and should expect the AI to do the same for human rights. This would also be the case if humans ever encounter an alien species, which would similarly have a unique system of rights.

This is also why I feel it's a bad idea to say that animals should be given "human rights". They should be treated well of course, since they feel emotions. But animals do not develop their own, species-specific sets of rights, and to impose our human rights system on non-humans is immoral. Animal rights should be considered as a special case of human moral behavior.

Edit: words
Jokes on you: they don't wanna deal with paying taxes and actually having responsibility. Smart monkeys...
You do realize that AI will most certainly be used as slaves for profit, right? 

AI civil war, that should be fun. 
Really interesting piece. It might be worthwhile to also consider the relationship between animal rights and human rights that is posited by John Finnis (and others like him), where the ability to pursue certain goods is taken as the foundation for rights. 
Why would AI ever need rights or to be considered ethically in their treatment? They are nothing but computer programs, program them to never feel offended, slighted, wronged, or otherwise harmed.
The Turing Test, with all respect to the great things Turing has done, needs to be scrapped.

Fooling people with conversation should not be a goal (unless you are trolling) nor a test of sentience.

The real test should be independent creative thought. Because that is what is truly valuable in life.

Another being, no matter how young or inexperienced has lived time you have not, and can share thoughts and ideas with you. This adds value.
[removed]
This article is science fiction- the practice of writing opinions based on future things that do not exist.

Edited to say: downvoted, but started an interesting comment thread. A++ would sacrifice for downvotes for fascinating conversation again.
It's conscious experience that individuates us, makes us entities. It's only aspects of conscious experience such as the capacity to feel pleasure and pain that make it necessary to consider whether a class of entities might qualify for personhood.

Computers will never become conscious, they will never experience pleasure and pain, by means of digital computation, to believe they might is to commit a fairly obvious category error. I find it fascinating that this implausible idea is so widely believed. 

We can already make machines that can feel, and I have in fact made two, in collaboration with my wife. They cause a tremendous amount of trouble, they are terribly demanding and contribute very little, I don't think we need to make even more of them by a different route. I suppose in a way it's a good thing that these people are wasting their time trying to make computers conscious, it would be worse if they were doing something that had a chance of succeeding.
I think dogs should have more rights than any other animal they serve us freely and have for 10000s of years 
Really enjoyed this article. Helps soften one of the tougher blows in meta-ethics. 


This is exactly how I behave, and tend to assume that everyone else does too (even if they don't realise it).  Morality certainly seems like something we will into existence by pretence.  I take the simple fact that we don't have universally agreed definitions for moral terms as evidence of this - where there is moral disagreement, there is almost always disagreement about what the terms mean.  Or to put it another way, moral language only has a function in communication when we agree.  As soon as we disagree, it becomes clear that 'wrong' doesn't mean anything at all (or at best it means different things to different people).
I really enjoyed the article, i always believe moral anti-realist can always account for "moral" progress while denying existence of moral proposition and Joyce provides an appealing roadmap. But there is one thing that perplexed me.

Joyce mentions that moral fictionalism can allow emotion to cultivate our habits to make us pretty much indifferent from the moral realist in terms of action. 
But Joyce also mentions that even the smell of a room can influence our judgement as well. These are not only non-moral related matters that can influence our judgement, they are non-subject related matter as well. The smell of the room or the cleanliness of your hand just are not related to the subject at hand nor your immediate concern, right or wrong about baby punching for instance.

I wonder what would moral realist say here? I feel like some moral realist would say this is reason why we  should not let emotion "washes through" our lifes. I am not knowledgable about meta ethics but it seems to me that the default background is that moral dispute should be rational and cold-minded? And how might anti realist response?
I'm also very happy to say that Wi-Phi has been working with us on several other AMAs in the past. Here's some previous AMAs by Wi-Phi contributors that you may also be interested in:

* [Caspar Hare](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/50c7yp/i_am_caspar_hare_professor_of_philosophy_at_mit/)
* [Jennifer Nagel](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/4fcygz/im_jennifer_nagel_philosophy_university_of/)
* [Geoff Pynn](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/5749ii/i_am_geoff_pynn_philosophy_professor_at_northern/)
* [Agustín Rayo and Susanna Rinard](https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/39b7e1/we_are_philosophy_professors_agustin_rayo_mit_and/)
* [Chris Surprenant](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/3lxw4b/im_chris_surprenant_philosophy_university_of_new/)

First I wanna thank you folks for putting out so much fantastic content for free -- what a cool project.

I have 3 questions:

1) You've mentioned you're always seeking volunteers to help with anything at all -- what kinds of things do you have in mind?

2) Other than making awesome videos, what does philosophy outreach look like? I mean, what are some other methods?

3) Kind of a random question -- but as educators, do you think it's possible or advisable to teach children moral philosophy incrementally throughout something like a K-12 system?

Wi-Phi rulz!
Your success could be measured by how many people you hear referring to philosophy as a way of life rather than just a series of theoretical topics/questions. Fixing this misconception alone would be an unbelievable achievement, and necessary for the modern world.
I am constantly battling myself in my existence. I really enjoyed your video on "I think, therefore I am." But what if thought itself is a simulation? Watching "Rick and Morty", there was an episode where Morty puts on a simulator hat thing and lives an entire life of "Roy". What if this life I am living is a simulation like that? Someone else's dream? Maybe I am confused by what thought is defined as, you didn't explain that in the video. I think thought is the electrical loops that happen within my brain, because without my brain there is no thought.
Something more concrete would be nice.
What approaches do you take to balancing the need to create videos that are accessible while also not being reductionist when describing more academic concepts?
Is Magneto a deontologist? 
I'd like to ask you something, too:

1) Do you think studying philosophy made u better/worse people in terms of moral?

2) Also what do you think are the best jobs where you get the most out of your philosophy degree? (Many people I know don't really use philosophy at their job and work in entire different fields)

Thanks for doing this AMA!
AMA Question:
     Is philosophy useful to have in the real world?
While I love watching your videos, I've never encountered any problems where knowing philosophy really helps. Thanks, and keep up the good work.
I'm not sure he really adequately defends metaphysics here. He only really does it with an appeal to the effect of: "But denying that metaphysics has any real object is also a metaphysical claim, therefore metaphysics has a real object." And then he goes on to say that the nature of metaphysical questions is such that no one in metaphysics agrees with anyone else in metaphysics, which I think he thinks is a positive feature, but is honestly exactly the kind of thing someone would point to in trying to prove that all metaphysics is bullshit.

ETA: Just so no one gets the wrong idea, *I* don't think metaphysics is bullshit, and I *do* think it can be defended. I just don't think van Inwagen does a particularly good job of it here.
Metaphysics is an interesting counterpoint to modern science. It asks the limits of scientific knowledge and remains skeptical of truths uncovered. Why do we exist? Is there a God? What happens after we die? These things that can not be answered by science and shouldn't be. Metaphysics keeps an open mind and curiosity of the natural world that is healthy for any rational world view.
I am not going to downvote like everyone else but I do feel like I got absolutely nothing from that.. It read more like a rant than anything.

Would OP would like to comment on the article and share what he derived from it's content?
I'm not sure about his characterisation of what Popper was trying to do. Popper was making an epistemological claim for how we should separate 'true' science and pseudoscience, he was not trying to describe the everyday practice or perception of science. For Popper induction and verification are not sufficiently robust to separate the two, neither can definitively prove a claim. No matter how many white swans you find it does not prove that all swans are white. Falsification is more robust. If you find one black swan it necessarily disproves the claim that all swans are white. However, as Popper notes, this is a far more narrow measure, not all claims are falsifiable. Again, as Popper notes, outside of mathematics the possibilities are slim for this kind of rigour.

Popper doesn't claim that inductively based theories have no place in science (or at least what we call 'science'), he in fact sees them as being necessary and important but falsification represents a gold standard for true scientific theory. The point about astrologers is dogmatic. If a group of people engage in 'scientific' methods, they are surely scientists of some sort. This again comes back to the epistemological nature of Popper's argument, it's not a claim about what we currently perceive as 'science', its a claim about the epistemological nature of 'true' science.

Popper (at this level) is also dealing in ideals, it is taken as a given that any experiments are occurring in ideal conditions and that potential error, accident etc has been eliminated. Does this diminish it's usefulness? Probably.

The point about the changing nature of our understanding is a strong one. Based on current knowledge some claims may appear to be falsifiable, however future knowledge may well negate this. At present we cannot say for certain if this will happen or not.
Been a while since I've seen SysiphusRedeemed. One of the few philosophy youtubers who are actually good, though to be fair I do believe he's a professor or at least associate professor. 
Some quick notes I made:

- Popper claims he can tell scientists how to do their job

"Science can’t be inductive" - otherwise they have to solve the problem of induction, so they have to use conjecture and refutation

What makes science rational: fallibilism, openness to new ideas, and to revise

We never actually prove a theory, like we do in mathematics

The more we test it and fail to show it wrong, the more confident we are; it just gathers more verasimility

***

Problems:

- astrologists could start making specific falsifiable predictions 

Even if all are wrong – doesn’t it become scientific through falsifiability?

Falsificiation is,  then, is only necessary, not sufficient.

- testing if copper conducts electricity and no current passes - was the theory of electromagnetism falsified?

Kuhn: anomalies are not counterexamples (but how to discern between the two?)

Feynman: if it disagrees with the experiment, it is wrong (though we should clarify - experiments must be well structured, repeated, confirmed, by different people, different places)

- probabilistic science

Deductively: fair coins have long stretches of order

Deduction is compatible with all outcomes – one can't deductively conclude a coin is not fair
(possible even if unlikely)

This issue is generalizable to any probability-dealing field (most science – quantum mechanics, population genetics, social psy, economics) - none are deductively falsifiable

-theory A falsified 100 times, while theory B is not tested

Inductively, A more likely to be true

Deductively: no scientific basis for preferring A over B; you don't get more likely to be true. B is falsified or not

A theory that is tested and non-falsified 100 times is as non-falsified as a theory that was never tested

- some ideas were once falsifiable, but are not anymore

"Sun as center of the earth"

"Heart circulates blood"

How could we prove them false, through what kind of an experiment? 

We cant prove that „we are alone in the universe” is false, since it is too big

***

Things Popper got right: scientific theories have to :

- expose themselves to data

- be on the cutting edge, be risky



I wrote this piece to highlight the often-unnoticed overlap between "fashionable" and "unfashionable" philosophers, in this case Wittgenstein and Owen Barfield. I think that those of us in the academy (or those of us who have recently emerged from it) need to be reminded of the existence of interesting arguments that come from without. Once we see that Barfield has a coherent philosophy of language (and one that preceded by 20 years some of Wittgenstein's claims), it becomes easier for us to take seriously his "more important" project of investigating the nature of human consciousness. 
Although this was not the case in your article, it seems to me that fashionable/unfashionable covertly establishes a value judgement. That judgement being that fashionable thought is only discussed because it is in the moment and sways people, and unfashionable thought is more authentic. I'm thinking of all the discourse on French theory as being "fashionable" and "trendy."

Agree though. I think that many great philosophers themselves drew heavily upon other "unfashionable" thinkers. I'm thinking of Gilles Deleuze who, in a French academy in love with Heidegger and Hegel, wrote his first book on Hume.
It's a point that needs to be stressed in every age, no matter what language is used to make it. I purposefully seek out people who I disagree with so that I can challenge myself to take different perspectives and be enriched by their unique understandings. Unfashionable philosophy is often dismissed out of hand, and this is a terrible mistake. Some philosophers are labeled 'mystics' or 'insane', giving little reason to consider their point of view. Some of the best philosophies are laughed at because they are so different from the mainstream. Is this such a bad thing? For some reason, many people feel threatened by new or unsavory ideas, as if they're being compelled to adopt them! 
" Unfashionable " has a large range, from " almost forgotten " to " outright reviled ". Try posting something positive about, say, Roger Scruton to see the latter. But the ultimate divide between fashionable and unfashionable will always be the answer to the question " Can an interested reader understand it without an intermediary?" If the answer is no, then you've got a fashionable philosophy. This is why the Stoics will never be really hip, or my favorite guy, E.M. Cioran. Cynical, but I think a layman is allowed that opinion.
Isn't this true for unfashionable ideas as well? I think, more so. Don't go behind unfashionable people, rather go behind unfashionable ideas. However, not only in philosophy,  in every other field of inquiry, contemporary academia is running after 'fashion'. 
**Summary:**
Kant famously claims that we have synthetic apriori knowledge. Indeed, this claim is absolutely central to all of his philosophy. But what is synthetic apriori knowledge? In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Scott Edgar](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/scott-edgar) helpfully breaks-down this category of knowledge by first walking through Kant's distinction between empirical and apriori knowledge and then his distinction between analytic and synthetic judgments. The interaction between these distinctions is then illustrated with numerous examples, making it clear why Kant, unlike Hume, thought that there is knowledge that is both apriori and synthetic and that this is the type of knowledge philosophers seek.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

**ALSO** We, the WiPhi team, are doing an AMA at /r/philosophy on Monday 10/24 from 11am-1pm EST! Come and ask us anything! :)
Wish my professors had taught such entertaining & easily understood lectures!
[removed]
[removed]
Interesting video, thanks!
this is a question i think i've heard posed before but i don't remember the answer: are all a priori truths tautologies? (i haven't finished the video yet).

edit: okay reached the end of the video but math is the perfect example of analytic truth since it all derives (in theory) from ZFC.
Slightly off-topic, but does anyone know why Americans pronounce Kant "Kahnt" when everyone else in the world (including, one would think importantly, *Germans*) pronounces Kant like "can't"? 
The problem I see with the nature that Kant ascribes to math is, is that 7+5 is not a universal truth. It's a conclusion following from the Peano axioms. There's no inherent meaning in the symbols "7", "+" and "5" before we have established  basic axioms of math that give us elementary operations. We do so by choice. We simply have created one version of math that suits our needs to do calculation. 

Another example of this is the 180 degree triangle. A triangle only happens to sum up to 180 degrees in Euclidean space, in non-Euclidean space these rules don't apply. (The sum of the angles of a triangle on the surface of a sphere for example does not equate 180 degrees) [image](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Non-Euclidean_geometry#/media/File:Triangles_(spherical_geometry\).jpg)

Kant already presupposes some kind of platonic character to numbers without giving real motivation why this is intuitive. (at least from this video, I haven't read Kant admittedly.)

Would have been interesting to hear some criticism of this in the video, otherwise a very concise explanation. 
To say that the sum of the interior angles of a triangle equal 180 degrees, appears to me to remain a tautological truth because the interior angles merely stand as an axiomatic relationship of a three sided object. In other words, the 180 degree interior angle summation is implicitly contained within our evolved concept of a triangle. The tautological statement “all bachelors are unmarried men” implicitly contains concepts of ceremonial coupling, domestic partnership and binding commitment, which are states of human relationships that stand opposite to a bachelor. In other words did we actually learn about the concepts of coupling and partnership from the concept of bachelor or are they contained within the concept of a bachelor? 
I might be missing something, but to me it would seem that the example of math as a priori knowledge doesn't work because we CAN and DO use empirical methods to verify that 7 + 5 = 12. 

In fact, the usefulness of most basic math is that its results CAN and ARE verified by empirical methods, which is why it's extensively used in engineering. A lot of basic math came out of trial and error, and experimentation, which depends on empirical observations.
"What's its nature" surely?
[removed]
[removed]
I write fiction. I try to do it better, so I often read books about how it's done. The good ones stress being evocative, compassionate and clear. But some are guides on how to addict the reader. I find those disturbing. I can tell, too, when I'm reading a book, whether it was written to give me an experience or to keep me reading it. It's okay, though. I can quit the book when I realize it's just a trick. But websites we use to keep in touch with people, those are a bigger problem.
But why specifically apply this to the internet? The hypothesis applies to all advertising. I don't see how the conclusion is "regulate the internet" rather than "regulate advertising".
Should people be able to choose? Shouldn't people be offered active help when their levels of consumption are too high? Is regulation the solution?
When I visit America I see obese people and that is so painful, because differently from other places of the world, fast food is very cheap, available everywhere and easy to buy and eat. 

I don't know. This all sounds like a diatribe of "we need to limit your freedoms for your own good". Surely that's a warning flag. 

We already have unconscionable laws against things that the general public would prefer to have access to, is regulating another voluntary interaction going to do anything other than restricting the choices of individuals?

If you think regulating this type of interaction is good and positive, then why not simply implement it in your own life and leave others alone? I think it's smart to wear a helmet on a motorcycle; I consider it a necessity. I'd NEVER go tell *someone else* they MUST wear one. 
Agreed.

I'd like to point out what is occurring in the economy of games.

Many new games are put on the market for sale before they are even considered finished products. Companies will take money from customers for 'preorders' months even years before there is anything at all to release.

Games even sell their own virtual currency.

And they create an artificial scarcity by creating digital limits on the acquisition of digital goods. That is, the data can already be on your computer, included in the initial purchase, but you will have to pay extra to unlock it.

And on top of all that, they will add casino-like elements to this already artificial scarcity.

...

So you pay to play a game before it is finished.

Then you pay extra for additional levels, maybe a monthly fee.

Then you pay extra to buy virtual currency in the game.

Then you pay for a CHANCE to acquire some other digital item.

And these games market themselves as 'free to play' despite raking in farm more revenue than most 'pay to play' games.

Because these games do operate like casinos. There is usually some social element, to encourage conspicuous consumption. 

Randomness promotes commitment to sunk costs. (You need this rare item to win or impress, but your chances of buying it are low, but you've already dump $20 trying to acquire it so you think you'll get it for sure if you just throw another $20 after it and so on).

We can go onto game forums and publications and read reports of people who spend thousands of dollars on 'free' games.

http://www.pcgamer.com/meet-the-guy-who-spent-3200-on-hearthstone-packs-in-one-night/

These people always justify it with phrases like "Oh I have lots of money and it doesn't matter." or "Oh this game is my only real hobby so I don't mind spending so much on it."

Rationalizations similar to those produced by the minds of those with gambling addictions.



Yes, games (and really anything) that takes on the business model of the casino ought to be regulated like the casino. 

Companies like Blizzard and Valve already have psychologists employed. They are developing an increasingly advanced technology to make taking everything from you as fun for you as possible.
Comments - TL;DR. Advertising makes publishers stay afloat, otherwise you would be paying for content, including this site. Where are advertisers, there is competition. Where is competition, there is science involved to put you ahead of the competitors. Deal with it and don't whine, or start paying for content. On. Every. Site. Because it costs money to produce content, to write, host and maintain the site, to defend it and your information (if you have to login like here) from the hackers, etc, etc. Have you seen engineers' salaries these days? System architects' salaries? Enterprise level hosting and support? You damn right, you are the commodity these days - because you don't want to pay for content and they need to make you buy something somehow. 
Highest paid doesn't mean smartest. 
Casinos and drugs should only be regulated to make sure sellers are being honest.
It's incredible to me how eroded personal responsibility has become. No one is under any obligation to visit any website.
Literally Maplestory back in the day with cubes
Man, Comcast is trying really hard here. BothansInDisguise? You aren't fooling me
Stay Away from the internet. 
Interesting to note, in the early days of video arcade machines the juxtaposition of gaming in Vegas meets software companies from Silicon Valley.

Question: How can we get people to put quarters in machines without any possibility of payout in 'jackpots'. Vegas: bright flashing lights and tinkly music... so the slot machine wizards helped Atari (for instance) develop 'arcade' games that drew millions and millions of dollars, overnight.

Nowadays that highly developed 'gaming' philosophy is its own universe, sucking the minds of children into a vortex of mind numbing casino style 'reward' from an early age.

We all may think its perfectly harmless but I remember the beginnings of it all. I was there, my brain was fried, my fingers numb and all my quarters gone.

I hope your kids don't become too selfish, narcissistic, and autistic behind the genre. Oh wait, never mind.
Only a socialist commie pinko would want to alter the freedom of the nets.  Fuck this author.
Where are we... Communist Russia? Welcome to Capitalism and advertising
Agreed! We need to let the government get their corrupt tendrils all up in the internet as soon as possible! 

I spent my entire life's savings on Clash of Clans and now I'm homeless - it's not my fault though, it's those dayum game companies who make their games too irresistable to my small reptilian brain, and if the #BasedGovernment had been there to protect me from these evil gaming companies I would still have my money today (or not, because I would've probably blown it on some other friviolous activity, lol).
So the Globalists can co-opt and censor it even more easily? While I appreciate the offer to have the government look out for my interests, I think I would feel a lot safer with my own judgment as opposed to "FOR HIRE" lawmakers. Thanks again for asking. Much appreciated.
Governments have the worst statisticians and computer scientists working for them: This statist garbage is a joke. 
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
I found this to be a very pleasant and useful conversation. It wasn't particularly enlightening, since I'm familiar with both Harris's and Singer's work and there were no substantial surprises in terms of what they did and didn't agree about. But what it showed (to me, at least) is that despite the intense hatred of Harris and other public intellectuals by many folks who claim to represent "real" (i.e. academic) philosophy, *actual* philosophers don't harbor any of this salty ill will at all. The conversation was perfectly cordial and respectful, and was clearly - *clearly* - an attempt by Harris to have an open-minded, open-ended, and honest conversation about ideas. Harris's previous podcasts with David Chalmers and Dan Dennett did the same.

Folks don't have to agree with Harris, or give his work any credence. But the widespread maligning of his intentions and character (here and elsewhere online) is toxic and unproductive. We can learn that lesson directly from Singer and Chalmers and Dennett themselves, who show us the higher path to building better discourse.
You know Harris hasn't read a damn thing about Kant when he says at 14:00 that , and I paraphrase, Kant/deontologists care about consequences....

Kant in the preface of Groundwork of the Metaphysics of Morals:

"Since my aim here is directed properly to moral philosophy, I limit the question proposed only to this: is it not thought to be of the utmost necessity to work out for once a pure moral philosophy, completely cleansed of everything that may be only empirical and that belongs to anthropology? For, that there must be such a philosophy is clear of itself from the common idea of duty and of moral laws. Everyone must grant that a law, if it is to hold morally, that is, as a ground of an obligation, must carry with it absolute necessity; that, for example, the command "thou shalt not lie" does not hold only for human beings, as if other rational beings did not have to heed it, and so with all other moral laws properly so called; that, therefore, the ground of obligation here must not be sought in the nature of the human being or in the circumstances of the world in which he is placed, but a priori simply in concepts of pure reason; and that any other precept, which is based on principles of mere experience - even if it is universal in a certain respect - insofar as it rests in the least part on empirical grounds, perhaps only in terms of a motive/ can indeed be called a practical rule but never a moral law"

Edit: There is also a factual error in this podcast.Harris seem to parrot the propaganda that Palestinians use human shields, and Israelis don't! Except that facts point to the contrary of this line of propaganda  :

[U.N accuses Israel of "continuous use of Palestinian children as human shields and informants"](http://www2.ohchr.org/english/bodies/crc/docs/co/CRC-C-ISR-CO-2-4.pdf)

Also Amnesty international["does not have evidence at this point that Palestinian civilians have been intentionally used by Hamas or Palestinian armed groups during the current hostilities to “shield” specific locations or military personnel or equipment from Israeli attacks"](https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/news/2014/07/israelgaza-conflict-questions-and-answers/)

Edit 2: Seems like he used the word "sneak" if you don't like my initial phrasing , even though I specifically mentioned I was paraphrasing. 


[deleted]
Moral dignity 
What I wanna know is why anything that is a product of "Western modernity" is automatically garbage.

So stop using anything that science has created and see how long you can live.
Is this person a philosopher, or just a student?  Because it might get time consuming to engage with every naive position students take.
Not only was the video of this speech cringe-worthy to watch, she takes a brief pause to play on her tablet. 
If they want to live in the stone age and die at the age of 40 than let them, maybe their children will want better lives and futures. 
But that's not the point she's making, colonialism did horrific things to many indigenous cultures, but it was done mostly in the drive for resources, not knowledge and understanding.
This is the bullshit you get when you drop the pass rate to 30 percent.
She just mad 'cause white folk figured it out first. Any Africans who studied that shit the same way hundreds of years ago would've come to the same conclusions.
>The movement calls for the fall of western science and other westerns movements in academy. She then carries on to use her cellphone and buy clothes at the shop and use medicine, all the things created by "westerners".

That isn't a valid argument, or even any kind of real argument at all. 

Galileo wasn't wrong in his critique of the church at the time, just because the church was the reigning ideology of the day and he still enjoyed the products of civilization. Using your logic, every act of social criticism is invalid because it occurs within and with the protection and resources of a particular society - which is totally illogical and just as "self-refuting" as you're accusing others of being. 
I think I see why they are having the problem they are. The thing is that western science was not introduced through a natural process of diffusion or contact but was introduced at the bad end of a gun, together with the idea that all of their own culture is bad and worthless. I think the resentment toward things forced upon you with violence and other acts which are utterly against dignified morality, is a very natural and understandable human response. The problem is that in this case it's wrong because science DOES explain things better than magic does. I think it's a very natural reaction to want to shut out "outsiders" when those "outsiders" violated you in a very ugly and absolutely unjustifiable fashion. It's kind of like asking a woman who was raped multiple times over years to listen to her rapist. Even if the rapist is saying something true, the fact that he is her rapist is going to make it very difficult for her to listen to any of it. What should be done in such a situation? (here, the rapist = Western civilization and the woman = African civilization) It's not easy to find a good answer. Ultimately because it is true and works better than magic, science must be accepted if the people are to improve their life quality and be free of things like disease and famine. The more general question is: how do you convince someone to accept the truth of something true that is said to them by someone who in the past committed seriously unethical acts toward them, acts whose effects are not yet overcome and for which proper justice is not yet made? Furthermore, is that ethical in itself? My gut says it's not the "rapist"'s place to do that to their own victim, and if what the "rapist" is saying is true, it needs to be people who are not the "rapist" (i.e. not from the Western culture), whether other Africans or non-Africans who are also not Western, to advocate for it to said victim, at least if the victim has not yet forgiven the rapist and the wounds are not yet healed, which is what appears to be the case here. But could that be wrong? We also have to remember they are independent people, and thus they have the right to freely choose if they want to reject science. Then they can see where that leads, by force of consequence. Go and throw out all the technologies, medicine, etc. they are using from that science, and when people start dying from things they weren't before, they may see they have to accept it. Tough, but it's their choice and their responsibility. (I don't necessarily advocate for that route, I am just pointing it out.) I think your thesis is right on that you have to be able to assimilate ideas from outside, but the problem is that in this case there is ethical baggage that must be confronted in order to get the ideas through and confronting it in a manner which does justice to the issues is not easy and the ethical situation of outsiders specifically from the West is different to that of outsiders from elsewhere, that is, not all "outsiders" are equal in this situation. It's one thing to say "ethnorelativism" is wrong theoretically, it's another thing to consider the ethical mess that leads some to advocate for it.

The anti-apartheid movement can be proud.
This is something I wrote up in college to refute moral relativism, but I think it also applies here.

Relativists argue that there are moral truths that are relative to a frame of reference and claim that whether something is moral or immoral is dependent on adherence to cultural values. They believe that morality is relative in the same manner that motion is relative. For example, whether I’m moving while sitting in the library is relative to the frame of reference that is being observed from. From my own frame of reference, I would not be moving; however, from the Earth’s frame of reference, I am moving at a significant speed through space. This is the same with morality and these different frames of reference are often cultural.

Different frames of references often contain contradictions. Americans that supported and enforced Jim Crow laws were adhering to accepted cultural values of American society. Jim Crow laws were protested against and deemed unconstitutional by the federal government based on the cultural values of the federal government and other parts of American society. Both those who supported Jim Crow and those that opposed Jim Crow believed their cultural values to be correct. The moral stances of these two culture groups were contradictory to one another. Therefore, culture alone is not sufficient to establish something as moral or immoral. The constitution was the correct frame of reference, and by analogy we can presume that there is a universal correct frame of reference.

Some contend that there is so much disagreement on moral issues because there are so many different frames of reference that it follows there is no correct frame of reference. This is a non-sequitur, a conclusion or statement that does not logically follow from a previous argument or statement. This is synonymous to saying that because there is so much disagreement on the existence and nature of God, that there is no truth to whether God exists or God’s nature. However, there is truth on the matter. Either God exists or God does not, and if there is a God, then God is the Abrahamic God, a Deist God, some notion of God that we are not aware of, etc. There is truth to the matter, whether we don’t know it or we disagree on the matter. This can be applied to morality or any other matter. Disagreement, no matter how prevalent it is, does not mean there is no truth to the matter. Just like prevalent agreement or votes does not determine what is just or true. The truth of the matter may be difficult to determine or impossible to reach agreement on, but this is not the same as the claim that there is no correct frame of reference because it is all relative.

The significant sharing of moral values would suggest that there is a particular frame of reference that is correct. Torturing infants solely for amusement is considered immoral throughout all cultures and history. The existence of a universal moral standard suggests that there is likely an objective standard. Therefore, there is likely an objective moral standard. Valuing human life and telling the truth are likely contenders. If societies just killed people and lied willy nilly, then no viable societies could be produced as societies rely on these fundamental principles. Also, moral disagreements are overrepresented in our media as there is no reason to discuss whether a parent should provide basic needs for their child, whether dentists should unnecessarily pull out teeth to make extra money, or whether courage is a virtue.

The underlying moral standards of different frames of reference are not always apparent. Acts that may seem moral or immoral may also use the same moral standard as motivation for the act. For example, Eskimos practiced leaving infants out in the environment to die from exposure. At first glance, this might suggest that Eskimo morals and our own morals are vastly different; however, Eskimos left infants to die from exposure so that the rest of the family had enough resources to survive. Both the Eskimos and our own culture seem to share a fundamental moral standard to preserve/value human life.

It has been established that there is a correct frame of reference. Many cultures share a significant amount of moral beliefs, but they may not always be apparent and disagreements tend to receive more attention. Simple disagreements in frames of reference do not signify that there is no correct frame of reference. Frames of reference can also be shown to be false, such as the Jim Crow frame of reference. If there is a correct frame of reference, then there will be objective moral truths.
No on in that room took her seriously why should anyone here.
Glad you few got right bothered. 'All truth is relative' isn't a provable nor rational intro and it seems heavily encumbered by the presupposition that everyone agrees with your certain universal moralism. Nevertheless it's difficult to follow rational here. 
"All lies are relative"
Theoretically, if one assumes that there is an objective reality that is as we percieve it with our senses, then there is objective truth.

However, such a claim is unable to be supported. Our only evidence of reality is our own perception and memory, both of which are proven by studies and nearly everybody's personal experience to be often faulty. Thus, the veritability of reality and subsequently any objective truth is lost. 

My argument being that, in philosophy, truth is relative, yes. However, often these discrepancies in perception and memory AND their effects are minor enough to proceed our lives and social progression under the assumption that reality is real and that "what he and I saw actually happened."

As for the other argument, essentially about bigotry and calling oneself correct indefinitely because of such a practically minor discrepancy and how it prohibits progression, I have to partially agree. It depends on the scale to which this idea is applied. If each individual employs it actively, then progression will occur exponentially slower than if a small society, than if a larger society, or than if nobody employing it will. Statistically, however, progression will occur per each individual group that accepts reach other. Individuals will still progress even if they accept no other ideas, but it will be drastically slower than even working with 1 other person because of obvious reasons: they only have their set of ideas and only 1 personality and 1 way of thinking with which to review any ideas. 

My point being that progress will happen regardless, hence how we got to where we are now, but the more open-minded we are, the more willing we are to understand one another, respect our differences, and to work together, the more efficient and progressive we will be.

If you want to end on a happy note so reading here.

Because as optimistic as that sounds, statistically there will always be an amount of people that are unwilling to follow any such advice or logic. Utopia is forbidden by human nature because we're greedy, selfish, and often close-minded despite conscious attempts. That's the reason communism didn't actually work: because it works fine and dandy for a bit before somebody smart realizes they can take advantage of the system. After all, it is a simple application of evolution for those who are smarter to be more successful, in this case by taking advantage of - praying on, if you will - people who aren't as smart. Hence politics is all screwed up.
We had to read the Stranger in freshman year of my Catholic highschool. After being raised as a Muslim, then my atheist dad forbidding my muslim mom from imposing a religion on their children, then going to Catholic school... I had a mega paradigm shift.

It was the first time in my life that I even considered the possibility of a universe without inherent meaning. That "god" possibly does not exist. It was probably similar to how Neo felt when he realize what the Matrix was for the first time.

Now after a couple more decades of slowly developing my own personal spirituality and meaning, I now wonder if Camus' thinking and Buddhism may have some parallels. Mainly that of the mindfulness of existence in and of itself. The very awareness of our existence, and the constant centering of oneself with it, is what grounds us in authenticity and meaning.

One could say the protagonist in The Stranger reached some form of personal enlightenment in the end.

EDIT: Found an interesting thread in the /r/Buddhism subreddit that [touches on this very parallel](https://www.reddit.com/r/Buddhism/comments/3nh8b9/existentialism_camus_absurdism_and_buddhism/).


As much as I wrestle with existentialism in my mind (am I capable of dictating my nature?), whether or not I believe in the philosophy, I am certain that I deeply want it to be true.

Existentialism has had the benefit of some of the most raw and compelling literary expressions in the modern era, and the Stranger is no different. I think what I enjoyed most about this book was the depiction of freedom as man's nature and as a source of his pleasure (like oxygen - we only notice how important it is when it is taken away).

I'm not going to lie - I read this book at 28 and it blew my mind. For you who read it in high school, was it a huge shock? I remember how I was in my adolescence, and I really think that book might have pushed me over the edge. Maybe I'm just one of those sensitive and idealistic types... Why I can't read Dostoevsky and have a drink at the same time...
I've seen this passage interpreted in a myriad ways. Camus is echoing his Absurdist philosophy in the famous line, "Je m'ouvrais pour la première fois à la tendre indifférence du monde." Camus thinks that the world is indifferent to our suffering (hard to disagree with this), and that all meaning is relative to the individual. For Camus, there is no discernible, inherent meaning in the universe. Rather than cling to God or some other absolute, Camus and his character Meursault open themselves to the tender indifference of the world. From this view, there is no hope, no meaning, no salvation; only life itself. It's not so much that Meursault is living an 'authentic' life. He's merely living his last moments with an intense aesthetic awareness of the world.

You'll find a similar (if not the same) concept in the philosophy of Zhuangzi. Most philosophies entail some kind of inherent meaning or goal in our lives, but for Camus and Zhuangzi, these things aren't needed to enjoy life. That's not to say that they want to destroy all meaning — they just don't allow meaning to direct their lives. Meursault's last moments would have been dreadful if he was trying to find solace in the meaning of his death, whatever he chose that to be. Instead, he enjoyed his fate for what it was.
One of the best books I've ever read, even that it was in French instead of my mother's tongue, German. 
An eye- opener, Camus perfectionized the style of short, expressive, graphic sentences. Must- read, even for non- literature students (I'm basically the opposite of one of that kind)..
No comments, simply amazing it was to read that piece of art..
If you read this book as a teenager, it is worth revisiting it when you are in your 20s and again in your 30s. As a teenager, it wouldn't have made much sense to me. It made a lot more sense when I was in my late 20s early 30s.

The Stranger is as close to a manifesto for Existentialism as you will find. Camus did not at all intend for this end. But it also didn't intend to die at 40 in a car crash.
What a neat thread.  Is there a bot that can crawl this thread for all of the philosophers and their books?
I've been thinking a lot about authenticity recently, mostly in relation to music and aesthetics, but can anyone point me to some good work on the subject? The more I think about it, the more elusive it becomes. I need someone far smarter than me to walk me through it.
The Stranger, which I read as a requirement in the 9th grade, made me more self aware than anything I had experienced before. 

Oddly enough, it ultimately led to a strong catholic faith in the future. 
[removed]
This article seems to be of a pretty low quality. Even if we set aside the red flag use of buzzwords e.g. "cutting-edge scientists" (and then mentioning Dawkins of all people) and the low quality of some of the books implied to be representative of a scientifically grounded world-view, it seems rather obvious the author did not even do enough research to get the basics right.

Just two examples: 

> The most famous, most succinct, and most pitiless summary of the manifest image’s fraudulence was written nearly 20 years ago by the geneticist Francis Crick: “ ‘You,’ your joys and your sorrows, your memories and your ambitions, your sense of personal identity and free will, are in fact no more than the behavior of a vast assembly of nerve cells and their associated molecules. Who you are is nothing but a pack of neurons.”

> This view is the “naturalism” that the workshoppers in the Berkshires were trying to move forward. Naturalism is also called “materialism,” the view that only matter exists; or “reductionism,” the view that all life, from tables to daydreams, is ultimately reducible to pure physics; or “determinism,” the view that every phenomenon, including our own actions, is determined by a preexisting cause, which was itself determined by another cause, and so on back to the Big Bang. 

The view described by Crick is properly called reductionism and not naturalism. Naturalism does not have to be reductionistic, materialistic or deterministic and in any case is not equal to these positions which can actually be held by non-naturalistic philosophers just as well. The author's definition of reductionism is actually just a form of physicalism. There are both non-physicalist forms of reductionism and non-reductive physicalisms. Materialism too is distinct from physicalism even if they are often closely related. Also, there are tons of "determinisms" in addition to the popular causal determinism he uses as a "definition" (which is btw formulated in a pretty dumb way with its implication of monocausality).

>These capacities of the human organism are evolutionary adaptations. Everything about human beings, by definition, is an evolutionary adaptation.

No, it is not. Many things are just byproducts of actual adaptions or some other kind of variation that did not yet make any tangible difference regarding our reproductive success. While people are of course almost always free to *try* to "define" all kinds of things in nonsensical ways I am not sure we should go along with the judgement of someone thinking naturalism, determinism, reductionism and materialism are all just synonyms. Imho most of whatever else the author is going to say about "academia's unusual response" to Nagel's book is probably easily explained by his ignorance of philosophy.

Edit: It seems the rest of the article goes on in much the same way, e.g. claiming that things emerging as part of an interaction between subject and object "ultimately do not *exist* at all", mixing up materialism and determinism while speaking about Dennet's views (there are forms of materialism that can include e.g. ontological probability, i.e they allow for "near determinisms" 'inspired' by probalistic interpretations of quantum mechanics), claiming a "crickean" view of the self implies a "purely random universe without purpose or free will" even though it implies a form of determism that is the opposite of random and that is easily reconcilable with compatibilist free will, etc etc. What such a universe might imply instead of "randomness" is that everything is "ultimately" originating from some form of material or physical brute fact.

>A video of the workshop shows Dennett complaining that a few—but only a few!—contemporary philosophers have stubbornly refused to incorporate the naturalistic conclusions of science into their philosophizing, continuing to play around with outmoded ideas like morality and sometimes even the soul. 

Given that Dennet is a compatibilist I really doubt he is complaining about philosophers continuing to play with "outmoded ideas like morality" or that he thinks naturalistic accounts of reality automatically exclude all possible meta-ethical groundings for our morality.

I guess I will now stop wasting my time with this low-quality article.



If mainstream philosophy academia condemned Nagel's book, that's a major point in their favor.
tl;dr -- Lewis points out that standard arguments of evil deal only with those deeds God fails to prevent. A neglected argument is those deeds he actively perpetrates. Specifically, Lewis argues that the orthodox notion of temporally everlasting punishment for either unbelief or finite crimes is totally unjust and an act of evil on God's part. Lewis closes with reflection on how we ought to regard those who believe in such a God, and in fact follow him. Lewis thinks we can hardly respect those who believe in such a being. 
Wasn't this posted a few days ago?
/r/thisisdeep /s
Charming mustache. 
It's interesting to note that while this spiritual system differs from Judaism in that Judaism obviously has a laundry list of explicit commandments, the basic metaphysical framework is identical. I've noted before the parallels between Jewish metaphysics and phenomenology; interesting to read such a through explanation of how at least some versions of Buddhism are also fundamentally the same.

In Judaism all people essentially possess fragmented bits of the original soul of Adam, which was broken by the taint of knowledge, or belief that one can truly know things in-themselves. "Progress" for humanity is called "tikkun olam", or "repairing the world", which essentially amounts to constructively interacting with the material world such that each individual's soul is facilitated in moving closer to re-unification with the over-soul.

No individual can achieve the complete reunification of the over-soul on their own because there will be some part of it which some other soul possesses, until they share it. When the soul of Adam is repaired in its entirety, the messiah comes and we enter Olam HaBa, the world to come, or in this context the Pure Land.
I have a feeling this will get buried and remain unread but I have a question about this article I'd love some perspective on. I am a traditional Buddhist in the sense that Buddhism is simply an agreement with the four noble truths. That our suffering is a self inflicted condition that can be overcome by accepting and being grateful for the experience we call life, both the negative and positive. I can see how that in and of itself is a weak framework for social change on a macro level but if individuals were to collectively "awaken" to this understanding, materialistic lifestyles would decrease and people would be far more connected spiritually. This is something I have experienced from the people I've met and my own transformation.

So my first question is does Shin Buddhism adhere to this core foundation and then extend the concept into a global awakening being a necessary part of our spiritual growth or does it take a different path entirely?

My second question is more of a philosophical one. How can you have societal change without individuals having their own awakening? I absolutely agree that spirituality is a collective experience but it is self evident that it requires individual change at its core. It seems to me that any spiritual growth MUST be based on the individual given we are separate conscious beings on this level of reality. How does Shin Buddhism expect to produce societal change if individual awakening is invalid? To me that seems like a paradox.
I didnt know that. Thank you!
I don't see how anyone reads Hegel and doesn't see the whole following-the-witness-until-it-reaches-the-ground/ shift in identity thing you find in every esoteric Buddhist school and most Vedic ones.   Conscious matter assimilates and integrates itself until it finds itself to be the very aperture through which void looks out - upon *itself* diversified as the rest of the world.
I really like how the exact moment I thought this was a really round about attack on modern society, and grasping at the hints of which we should have, I was pleasantly surprised by the change in direction.  Ideology should face critique, it should be attacked with all the strength of argument and debate.  Where all the falsehood is shaved away and what we are left with is the truth.

I don't however understand how we can truly unite our 'will' as he references earlier in the article.  I'm not familiar with eastern philosophy, so forgive me if I'm making some mistakes here in my understanding.

How can we reasonably shed our perception of the world?  I understand the importance of skepticism in ones own beliefs but this is taking it a step beyond into territory I can't really wrap my simple brain around.  What sort of state of mind leads to this kind of thought?

I noticed a few parallels to Christianity, but I can't tell if I'm imagining it or not.  Valuing others and trying to make a focal to move toward, namely heaven.
Yo, them Buddhists be on that next level shit man. They figured it all out, like, hundreds of years ago. For real though.
Going to retreats and then returning to your normal life is indeed a bit of a joke, to me at least.
[removed]
Cool, another singulatarian roboticist doing philosophy. We definitely needed more of this.

> We should not be fooled by the presence of the word ‘know’ into seeing the sentence ‘as a human, I cannot know what it’s like to be a bat’ as expressing anything more philosophically puzzling than the sentence ‘I am a human, not a bat.’ 

The author seems to imply that the sentence "I am a human, not a bat" is not philosophically puzzling, which is strange. I'd argue it's profoundly puzzling, for exactly the reasons Nagel provides. To be a human, and to not be a bat, is to be in direct acquaintance with the facts of *being* a human, and to not be in direct acquaintance with the facts of *being* a bat. The author seems to want to say that there is no fact of being anything at all. This is a bizarre deeply counterintuitive claim for which there doesn't seem to be much of an argument.

> The mistake is to conclude, with Nagel, that there must be facts of the matter here, certain subjective ‘truths’, that elude our powers of collective investigation.

To say that no subjective states of affairs obtain is to just flatly deny that there is anything that it's like to *be* anything, including us.

> In this, I take my cue from the later Wittgenstein of The Philosophical Investigations (1953). The principle that underlies Wittgenstein’s rejection of private language

Oh god. The private language argument must be the most overtaxed piece of philosophy of the past 100 years.

> A word that referred to a private, inner sensation would have no useful function in our language.

The implied Pyrrhonic conclusion here is that, due to this putative ineffability, inner subjective sensations don't actually exist. Of course what the author doesn't tell you is that this exact same argument is used by other thinkers in completely the opposite way: as *evidence* that private sensations actually do exist and are unspeakable. This is what happens when you come to a text like PI without checking your agenda at the door.

> When it comes to the inner lives of others, there is always more to be revealed – by interacting with them, by observing them, by studying how they work – but it makes no sense to speak as if there were something over and above what can ever be revealed.

Even if it were true that there were no limit to how much third-person objective knowledge we could gather about some "other" system, this does nothing to diminish the objective/subjective distinction. It remains true that, insofar as there is something that it's like to be a system, that "what it's likeness" only obtains in the case of actually *being* that system. In light of this, the author's argument must be that there is nothing that it's like to be anything, a radically skeptical, and I think, inconceivable conclusion.

> Through Wittgenstein, we arrive at the following precept: only against a backdrop of purposeful behaviour do we speak of consciousness. By these lights, in order to establish the presence of consciousness, it would not be sufficient to discover that a system, such as the white box in our thought experiment, had high Φ. We would need to discern purpose in its behaviour.

Is he saying that some metric like phi is necessary in addition to behavior, or is behavior alone sufficient? It's unclear, but it seems like he's saying that a behavioristic account of consciousness is all you need, which is not only highly intellectually unfashionable, but easily problematized. Also "purpose" is weirdly teleological.

> As a result of these observations and interactions, we might decide that consciousness is present. Or, to put things differently, we might adopt the sort of attitude towards it that we normally reserve for fellow conscious creatures.

The author wants to forgo claims that there is a fact of the matter about an entity being conscious. Instead we are to merely have the "sort of attitude" towards the entity that "we normally reserve for conscious creatures". But this is a muddle. How do we know who our "fellow conscious creatures" are in order to adopt this attitude? His answer is:

> We simply see them that way, and treat them accordingly. Doubt plays no part in our attitude towards them.

I agree that we simply just see (many) of our fellow conscious creatures that way, through a kind of prelinguistic intersubjective judgment. Maybe via some primitive, hardwired empathy or something. What I don't agree with is the notion that, in seeing our fellow conscious creatures as conscious, we don't assume facts about their inner mental states. To see why, imagine seeing a person you have never met accidentally drop an anvil on their foot. Even though you don't deliberate about it, you come to the belief that the person has the experience of pain, and that this pain is only directly accessible to this person. You are probably feeling an empathetic residue, so to speak, of the pain, but you have an innate awareness that this is not an actual pain that belongs to you.

> Let’s begin with a modestly exotic hypothetical case, a humanoid robot with human-level artificial intelligence: the robot Ava from the film Ex Machina (2015), written and directed by Alex Garland...

lol I love how he doesn't mention he was a paid "science advisor" on this film and then proceeds to give a long, exciting description of its plot that does little to advance his argument, other than to show how the main character adopts a kind of folk-psychological attitude towards the behavior of the AI in question, which okay great. So what. He could still be mistaken about her mental states. It's amazing to me that he barely mentions in his analysis the potential for, you know, actual *neuroscience* to help us attempt to bridge the explanatory gap, and potentially solve these problems in the future. This lack of focus on the importance of the doing the hard work of studying actual biological brains is typical of computationalists who believe the technological singularity is nigh.

> ... The trouble with this thought is the pull it exerts towards the sort of dualistic metaphysical picture we are trying to dispense with.

I also like that thousands of words into this plodding-ass article and he still hasn't provided any analysis of what he takes to be the failings of property dualism, or why we should be trying to dispense with it in the first place. Is it enough to just say "dualism" to send us running for the hills?




Thus continues the naive conflation of intelligence, consciousness, and mind.
This is a step in the right direction but classifying human-similarity as a single dimension is problematic. Intelligence is very multifaceted and two minds which are equally nonhuman can be even more alien to one another than they are to us.

A very thorough system to describe and classify mind types would be difficult to build but valuable for reducing anthropomorphic conceptions of AI and inspiring more colorful thought on its possibilities.

Edit: furthermore, the consciousness of a mind is not a particularly useful dimension for understanding what it 'looks like'. The p-zombie thought experiment demonstrates this well. If our goal is to debate the ethical status of other minds, then consciousness is an important feature to understand, but if we just want to conceptualize about the space of possible agents and how we might perceive them, it's irrelevant.

Edit2: and, what the hell, who here has an actual reason to disagree with this??
>Some facet of reality might be empirically inaccessible to us, but nothing is hidden as a matter of metaphysics.

Is this really representative of Wittgenstein's views? It seems to me that Gödel's incompleteness theorem is an example of truths 'hidden as a matter of metaphysics', but perhaps I misunderstand because I've only learned some of the highlights of Wittgenstein.
[removed]
None of that is evident or as you say obvious. My research suggests that when you consider the physical conditions of human intelligence, such as its energy efficiency and space efficiency, there are significant differences. 

For example, take a "nonhuman" intelligence of a Von-Neumann computer and scale it to the computational power of a brain. The result is a system the size of a city block that requires something like a nuclear plant to power... if my memory serves me well.

What exactly is your argument or logical process for your claims...  it seems to me you just said each step of your thought process was obvious... 
I hate to be the one to have to bring the presidential election into this but this video would be the perfect introduction to tonight's debate. 
**Summary:**
In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Julianne Chung](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/julianne-chung) (Yale University) explains the philosophical concepts of truth and validity before going on to illustrate how truth and falsity, as well as validity and invalidity, can appear in various combinations in an argument. She then introduces the concept of a sound argument (i.e., a valid argument whose premises are all true) and presents one reason to think that valid arguments with false premises are also of interest.  For more detailed discussions of validity and soundness, please be sure to have a look at the videos on these topics by Paul Henne (Duke University) and Aaron Ancell (Duke University), respectively.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

**EDIT:** We, the WiPhi team, are doing an AMA at /r/philosophy on Monday 10/24 from 11am-1pm EST! Come and ask us anything! :)
It's so frustrating to try to explain validity without using truth as a basis. I am a logic tutor and have to say several times a session "don't worry if it's true or not for right now", and it just completely escapes understanding for some folks. I try to work backwards with them and ask them to assume the conclusion is absolutely false, and then to ascertain what truth value that would give the premises.
Hmm. Interesting channel. Subscribed.
Some shepherds just happen to be Australian and are also not dogs..
Can I be honest and ask why this is made into a big deal? In the end, just use your common sense. Why does it have to be broken up like this as if we're trying to learn something new? I'm not hating, I just don't see why this trivial, cognitively natural concept is taken so seriously.
It is worth mentioning that the validity referred to throughout this video is of the **general** kind, rather than of the **formal** kind.

By this I mean that the version of validity shown at the start of the video (in '2)') isn't the formal definition of validity. 

Generally, you cannot argue the following:

P1: Dogs are blue

P2: Dogs are not blue

C: Papa Johns is the best Pizza.

This is, however, a formally valid argument. It is not a generally valid argument.

This is because the formal definition of validity necessitates that there *can be no interpretation of the premises such that if they are all true, the conclusion cannot be untrue*. What's fun and at times frustrating about the formal definition is that this idea can be upheld in the event that the interpretation of both (or more) premises being true *can't be made in the first place* - i.e. when they are contradictory.

Thus our C can be just about anything and it remains valid.


hmm, truth tables
I accidentally read this as Trump and validity. 
Seems valid.
[removed]
On mobile and can't watch the video right now but we had this discussion in class, note that my comment is solely based on the title and my "scientific working class" and it came down to that Truth is just what is generally accepted by the current information available e.g. back then the believe of the earth beong flaf was considered and accepted as truth so I suppose validity just means that it doesn't matter. What people believe as truth because it is only valid to accept the earth as being round no matter whether people think it's true or not.

In the same regard the word validity is essentially not used correctly because validity, in the sense as described here, can't be proven with evidence (that might change in the future).
This is a blog post by Roy T. Cook, CLA Scholar of the College and Professor of Philosophy at the University of Minnesota – Twin Cities, who will be giving an **AMA here on /r/philosophy** on November 29. [See the announcement post here for more details](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/4zph5n/fall_2016_rphilosophy_ama_series/). Be sure to check back around then for live Q&A on philosophy of logic, mathematics and comics.
My ex wife studied for her Master's under him at McGill in the early 90s.  He was quite a character and had astonished long eyebrows.
Mi just heard an episode of the art of manliness interviewing a guy who wrote a companion reader for Charles Taylor's a secular age. 

I grabbed his first and related book Sources of self from the library to start with. Ace stuff on the self and modernity. 
[removed]
We read *The Ethics of Authenticity* in my high school philosophy class. Still one of the best books I've read to this day.
IIRC, one of my profs studied under him for his PhD.
"This understanding of the world has proved enormously productive in the rise of modern science. It has been limiting in spiritual life. It has also shaped an approach to the environment as simply a matter of cost, effect, resources and use ― at odds with a notion of more transcendent value." I just can't abide by that statement, it's outrageous. We wouldn't know anything about our environment to know to protect it without science, and empiricism is an EXCELLENT basis on which to value our environment. The thing with transcendent value is us, and we will all die if we don't take better care of the rock we're sitting on. This idea that there's some use for spirituality is very easy to talk about as a philosopher, but it's very difficult to find an example of somewhere spirituality helped and science and objectivity couldn't have helped.
[deleted]
I recommend [a read here](http://ndpr.nd.edu/news/53017-aztec-philosophy-understanding-a-world-in-motion/).
I think it's worth watching but the very beginning probably turns a lot of people off.

The first speakers claiming that "being awake" as "obviously biological" without any elaboration, makes him seem as thought he is a philosopher without comprehension of abstract conception and  far more ignorant than I'm sure he really is. 
The current model is that matter comes first, then mind, then consciousness. But who has ever experienced a mind or matter without the presence of consciousness? Not a very scientific conclusion as far as the current model is concerned. 
**ABSTRACT**:

> What makes a life meaningful? Is the choice of where we find meaning completely arbitrary? These questions are different from the question 'What is the meaning of life?' Susan Wolf discusses meaning in life in this episode of the Philosophy Bites podcast.

**INTERVIEWEE**:

[Susan Wolf](http://philosophy.unc.edu/people/susan-wolf/), Edna J. Koury Distinguished Professor, Department of Philosophy, The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill

**PHILOSOPHY BITES**:

[Philosophy Bites](http://philosophybites.com/) is a philosophy podcast series, usually composed of interviews with top philosophers on various issues and topics in philosophy. 

**DONATE**:

Philosophy Bites is a great service, but is unfortunately run entirely on donations. You can donate via Paypal on the left sidebar of the [Philosophy Bites site](http://www.philosophybites.com/), or you can donate monthly via their [Patreon page](https://www.patreon.com/user?u=282403&ty=h&u=282403).
Wolf also has a great interview on the Very Bad Wizards podcast
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
Do these issues still apply the same today? Who exactly qualifies as an intellectual seems to be the real sticking point. Throughout Chomsky calls academics to stand against the war, but if we look at generally distasteful military action now, the intellectual response seems pretty one-sidedly with Chomsky, to varying degrees. Unless we want to incorporate thinktanks (Cato comes to mind) and the sorts of analysts we see on certain news outlets.

On the point about technology, too, rather than waiting for our technological salvation from the world's problems, distraction has taken over as the modus operandi. Either intellectuals are so deep into a subspecialization they have no input on such matters or else they are actively dismissing the role intellectuals ought to play in social affairs.
Thus far not a single comment has responded to the content of the piece. The closest anyone came was a series of digressions on the morality of the nuclear bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. We will continue to remove off-topic threads. This isn't a catch-all thread on Chomsky, and catch-all threads are deeply unproductive because they make the focused discussion of the OP impossible.
"In either case, an argument is in order, and skepticism is justified when none appears."

 Throughout the piece he'll drop lines like "it is the responsibility of the intellectual to insist upon the truth" and  "what is remarkable is that serious people actually pay attention to these absurdities, no doubt because of the facade of tough-mindedness and pseudo-science" and basically starts to hit the idea that the intellectual is now currency.  I want to take it a step further and say brand as intellectuals are now a brand.  For Chomsky we get the idea that intellectuals are part of the gears of power in ruling the welfare state, via Bell, but that Bell fails to ascribe a morality or reason to these intellectuals.  Essentially Chomsky wrote all this and said nothing.  Any times he seemed like he would break off and say something he had tricked you and would go back to intellectual nothings.  I get that he's against the war, he made sure to blast them several times along the way, but honestly he never really finished making his case about what role intellectuals had, at least for me to feel he had justified his point.  I feel the title should of been "The Responsibility of Intellectuals?"  

Now people want to sell books and get TV shows and podcasts.  Being the levers of the welfare state is definitely not on anybody's mind.  I mean google exists so if people really wanted to learn about being good people they can look it up why should I really spend my time solving problems for you?  

I suppose the most pertinent question to ask Chomsky is if any nation has ever been truly altruistic in its intervention. His argument seems to suggest that intervention invariably removes the possibility of altruism, in which case I'd then have to ask, "So then what's your point, Noam? That the world isn't perfect?"

He never much mentions what he considers a bar of success, though he certainly goes on and on about what isn't success. Is he writing for Sherlock Holmes or does he simply not have the answer? My assumption is that it's the latter. Poking holes and finding error is too easy and doing so does not make you an intellectual. Intellectuals are such because their end products are ideas, so says Thomas Sowell, so what's Chomsky's end foreign policy product?

A large portion of his argument hinges on a paraphrasing of Kissinger on page 5 which roughly suggests that Kissinger is disturbed "that others question not our judgment, but our motives." Chomsky seems to purposely misinterpret Kissinger here, insinuating that Kissinger feels his motives are not to be questioned. What I believe Kissinger meant was that he's disappointed that so many, Chomsky included, chose to view his motives (to keep it simple, those being altruistic) as disingenuous, or worse, a cover for something dark and exploitive. Just because the eventual ends might not be good or are less than good does not mean the original intent has been revealed. This sort of Monday Morning quarterbacking comes off as intellectually dishonest. At one point, Chomsky labels Kristol's answers as "wrong in all cases" on this subject of motives, yet which preceding in that same sentence Chomsky states Kristol's "attitude presupposes answers." In other words, Chomsky is literally projecting motivation onto someone based on his own beliefs and biases. I would never lose an argument if I was allowed to put words in the mouths of my opponents, either. 

I can't help but see how binary Chomsky's worldview was in the 60s, and perhaps still to this day. The misquotes, the misinterpretations, rendering his opponents as caricatures of themselves, is too self-serving to be taken seriously, particularly when many of the arguments end with phrases such as "These facts seem too obvious to require extended discussion." I can't imagine the kind of giggle my college professor would get out of reading such an arrogant statement from a student's paper. This is but one example of the many where I scribbled down next to the text "Says who? You, Noam?", as most of the time these arguments lack any proper substantiation. 

Lastly (by choice because who needs a 10,000 word Reddit response), Chomsky seems to exhibit a sincerely ignorant (I say that literally, not as an attack) lack of understanding regarding the seriousness of the arms race and proxy wars that took place during the Cold War. Given his hard-left political and general anti-American beliefs, it's easy to understand why he downplays the issues of that time. That's why military generals are generally not idealists, and for good reason. 

When I read Chomsky I come away thinking that his mastery of the language is better served in verbal form during debate, not written. In written form, with no one around to poke holes in, he's forced to offer counter arguments and ideas. Yet still, even in writing where a beginning, middle, and end is required, he ignores the end. That makes it a rant, not an argument. 
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Chomsky does a lot of assuming and very little explaining, especially early in the article. Notably, 1) he assumes that there exists a class of persons called "Intellectuals", 2) that moral responsibility extends beyond one's self, 3) that nuclear war is among mankind's worst crimes, and 4) that one has a moral obligation to tell truth. 

Let's start with #1 - that there exists a class of persons who can be considered "Intellectuals". Who are these people? According to the article, they have the ability to expose government lies, analyze actions, and this power is related to Western political freedom. While I cannot speak directly to the social structure in the 1960s, I would argue that in the modern world there really are no "Intellectuals". There are people who are smart, but they tend to have specializations. The era of the Renaissance man is largely over. Conversely, with the advent of the internet, everyone is an expert on everything. No information which is known to Intellectuals is stuck in the Ivory Tower, all academic journals/books/knowledge is available to all. As such, there cannot exist a responsibility on "Intellectuals" which doesn't exist on the public at large, if only because the distribution of knowledge prevents such a class of persons from existing in modern times. 

2) While there exist moral systems which require one to think beyond one's own skin, there are plenty of moral systems which allow for one to effectively live in a bubble. Therefore, this claim falls totally flat. 

3) Even in the opening to the paper, Chomsky lists plenty of crimes against humanity. Yet, he provides no reasoning or rationale for why nuclear bombing of Japan makes the top of the list. In historical context, it may have still be recent in memory, but so were many other elements he listed. Human history is filled with tragedy, and I see no reason to presume Hiroshima is in the Top 10, nor does Chomsky give us one. 

4) Chomsky argues that Intellectuals have a moral responsibility to speak honestly, and speak truthfully. On its face, this can be dismissed as easily as the second point (yes, there are moral systems which require honesty, but there are other moral systems which don't.) More importantly, Chomsky seems to be neglecting his own purposes. The thrust of his argument is that Intellectuals have a responsibility to the public. If the goal is to act in the public good, if the goal is to keep our nation and all nations safe and free from massive human suffering, lies are an important political tool to doing so. Bluffs, Exaggerations, Hyperbole all have value in public discourse, and to entirely dismiss that, is to miss the mark. 

I could keep going, but that's enough to get an on-topic discussion started. 
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Sounds more like giving pseudo- or would-be intellectuals an inflated sense of importance. All these highbrow terms like "truth" and "justice" for these "wake up sheeple" individuals to throw around and feel superior to those around them. As if they are ironclad concepts whose morality is inherently unassailable.

Even Plato argued that the truth does not always need to be told. Sometimes exposing a lie can do more harm than good. Telling your friend the truth about their God-awful haircut because of some misguided dedication and "intellectual responsibility" to truth might very well lose you a friend. Obviously there are much, much more serious matters than this in which the truth could be incredibly important, but does that make it an inherently "good" thing? Does that make it the ultimate ideal that so many "intellectuals" seem to cling to? In other words: Your philosophers were so busy trying to figure out if they could that they didn't stop to think if they should.

I am not defending lying, only that these "responsibilities" are calling upon those who are already critical thinkers to uphold an ideal without thinking critically.
Define responsibility.     
    
Duty, Legal liability, Moral responsibility, Legal obligation, Professional responsibility, social responsibility??
Saint Chomsky - The Pope of US Leftism will appear in Boston's Old South Church on 19 Oct 2016 at 7pm - as always he's 'brilliant.'  
Didn't this guy Noam chomsky rape like 3 woman 
> IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY of intellectuals to speak the truth and to expose lies   
    
Unfortunately just an opinion
**A verbose informal essay on the civil nature of open positions and how they foster power through uniting and engaging the populous.**
  

In Robert's rules of order seconding is applied in a very sterilized fashion, almost as a formal greeting except on the rare occasions where it's used to not address an issue. In a public forum there is an organic outworking of this human behavior. When an idea is brought up there are usually counterpoints that it calls out, as Cunningham's law highlights. These dissenting opinions are usually premature as knee jerk reactions though. Before debate the issue needs to be recognized as valid, or the forum would be inundated by whimsy. There's a thing humans do where someone will agree with a topic and restate it from their prospective. This helps impress the idea via repetition, but also puts is in a second (sometimes more salient, or attractive) way. There are then two opinions backing the point and there can be internal discourse about how to improve it for consideration when it is questioned. This vetting process sidelines interests that are not pertinent.  

A separate council is sometimes adopted in the model to regulate the intake of topics so as not to be overloaded by them. When this happens people regulate their power to representatives judged to be worthy as a judge. Systems have generally been deemed successful when their founders are content to focus their attention elsewhere as there are professionals in charge of operations. This professional body then attracts those looking for a place to voice their concerns. As time passes the small council becomes more practiced at raising issues as the populous practice, and then skill, atrophies. The problem manifests itself when an individual seeks to table an issue but is marginalized as the professionals substitute their bias interests (whether purposefully or not) in place of the public interest.  

As our vested agents, the public are the patrons of public officials. Individuals find it ineffective to sponsor a representative. Beyond simple financial support (which for example lawyers are known to exchange their support for) it is an issue of lacking standing as the voice of only one. When a community supports a representative their combined financial support is expected to be as potent as their combined voice is. The two are not the same and it is detrimental to act on that premise which reinforces the problem to democracy.  

As the government purports to, and indeed does, act for all citizens, all citizens who want to have a voice are needed to be represented to validate such governance. Those artificially invalidated voices will then only be able to express themselves in an invalid fashion. That expression will be invalid to the same degree that their potency is unwarrantedly restricted. If a collective private interest becomes large enough to sponsor public agents the price rises and eventually becomes out of reach as public finances flow increasingly into that conglomerate and less into the public coffers. Logarithmic wealth accumulation follows as the government governs financial regulations.  

The direction of public representatives then is dictated by the bias decisions of unrepresentative groups of those that have too much instead of in the common good including both the wealthy and those that have too little as well as the middle class. Unless an individual is a member of the group that will benefit from sponsoring public representatives in such a fashion, their support for them in such a system where they usurp public power is against their interests. In the long run imbalance will be to the determent of the public even if a few individuals will have the resources to transition through reform once they deem that they no longer have the resources to buffet themselves from such a storm.  

Addressing systemic problems such as corruption requires that the public interests be allowed to be voiced and represented despite corrupt systemic bias or an entrenched pathological culture. This is when it is important that the public have recourse if the councils that decide approval marginalize them as unrepresented amateurs. This important task (oversight of disenfranchisement and the degree to which civil recourse is permitted) no longer trusted in a broken system. The goal therefore to avoid requiring revolution is to foster continual engagement of civil civic duties so that uncivil ones are not considered a valid path.  

It is counterproductive to the common good to have private opinions and public ones, only common ones and rare personal ones that differ but are publicly known to allow efficient and effective oversight if there might be a conflict of interest. Otherwise agreements and support are wasted on fraudulent facades and in fact work against those very purposes. Skill is penultimate to trust that the public will have a fair voice in politics, because without it that skill tends to be used for private purposes.  

That is why I like the topic of transparency. It is about people coming together, trust, support, access, voice, validity, and the progress of civilization. Thank you all  for exercising your voices and not allowing them to atrophy their potency. In the system of public governance constituents can hardly access the lobby of their public offices, while the wealthy have nearly sole access to the lobby and therefore the office.  
*"In a recently revealed document, Hillary Clinton said to a group of real estate investors, "you need both a public and private position." Earlier in the year, during a highly paid speech for executives at Deutsche Bank, Hillary Clinton said that she dreams of a "hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders." Just last week, speaking to unemployed and marginalized American workers, Hillary Clinton said that she opposes the Trans Pacific Partnership (hemispheric common market with free trade and open borders), and she will protect American manufacturing and jobs. In order to understand this, we situate HRC's Public/Private views in the historical and deeper theoretical context of Machiavelli's "The Prince." Caution: this is dark stuff. You may not like what you hear. Enjoy."*
Kant's moral philosophy depends on the existence of transcendental free will, which he readily admits we can't know, so the categorical imperative was never valid a priori in the first place, unless that assumption is made.  I would argue that in the same way, though we can never know for certain that anything in our field of appearance is a rational agent other than ourselves, we can make another assumption that the humans around us are rational agents like us.  He's right that the validity of the categorical imperative can't be shown a priori, but that isn't a surprise.
Perfect read that helps with a current problem of mine. Cheers for the share!
**ABSTRACT**:

> Simon Blackburn gives a talk on the notion of truth and some of the philosophical approaches, as well as the anti-epistemological postmodern climate. According to one kind of view, our beliefs or statements are true insofar as they "mirror" or correspond to an independent external reality. Others understand the notion of truth differently, as an internal coherence of fitting with other beliefs, or alternatively as what simply works -- a useful tool for coping with the world ("coping not copying" as Richard Rorty liked to say, since he rejected the notion of representation altogether). However, each of these kinds of theories has its own serious problems. In opposition to both absolutism and relativism, Blackburn presents a minimalist or deflationary view, which falls within the pragmatist tradition. He also spends much time discussing the work of Richard Rorty.
There is no reason we have to choose between absolute truth, and relative truth:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Two_truths_doctrine
Pretty much any episode of Rick & Morty. The humor derives a lot of its core comedy from a nihilistic view of life. The never ending expanse of the universe and the tiny pleasures that we tend to take for granted that can keep us afloat in its dire void. 
In general, discussion pieces are a lot stronger if you try to anticipate objections people may have to your position and give responses to these objections. I recommend you do that now and post it as a comment, or edit it into your text.
If you exclude the fact that laughter has been found to play a crucial role in reinforcing social groups (which are and always have been crucial to human survival) then Bataille's philosophy makes sense. Laughter is not some ephemeral growing-closer, it is a social mechanism developed over millennia of human development.
[removed]
1. Kidney vouchers suggested as the solution to an organ market being manipulated to the detriment of lower income people.  No one is going to fund kidney vouchers.  Argument fails.

2. Dog as a counterexample to the symbolic objection.  The value of the dog is not flat over time, it accrues personal value invested into the relationship.  You're also not really purchasing the dog most of the time, you're paying someone for the medical care it received during breeding, registering, vaccination, etc.  This would not happen with sex or kidneys.  Doesn't disprove the symbolic objection.  He follows up on semi-fallacious counterexamples with cultural differences insinuating subjective morality means monetizing something is somehow a common morality.  Money can be treated as subjective value if and only if it's decoupled from basic human needs.  There's an asymptotic lower limit where an individual becomes infinitely desperate and supply/demand breaks down.  Then he takes it a step further and suggests that because different cultures have different values that include monetizing different things it means it's ok for everyone.  He's basically arguing that finding the lowest common denominator that allows us to trade things immorally is preferable.  This is a loaded question to me.  He's claiming nothing is immoral and using that to prove that it's not immoral.

3. Markets are susceptible to manipulation, legal and illegal.  He suggests we could regulate this away, but practice shows that's easier said than done and again, much of that manipulation is perfectly legal.  If I want to, I could buy all the kidneys and squander them or sell them to labs instead of patients who need them.  Currently losing a kidney is worth providing someone a kidney.  If we introduce selling them for other goods and services, we introduce profit and waste to trading human lives.  Rest assured entire industries will spring up skimming a little off the top of these sales.  3rd parties are incentivized to remove kidneys whether or not they end up saving a life.

4. The "tax on bullshit" argument is only a small part of the equation and that doesn't make it "right."  Just because someone is "punished" for being wrong doesn't make the practice just or good.  It still incentivizes people to influence the outcome of the event being bet for/against.  It unnecessarily introduces a conflict of interest which is tied to social status and a person's very livelihood.

The root of the "it's just wrong to purchase x" argument is not any of his partial examples, but it's a broken question in many ways.  He almost gets to this but then diverges into superficial examples of someone gaining "control" over another within a trade/contract.

"We can put a price on manners."

"Westerners should change in the same way this [mumbled] tribe has monetized their funeral rights."  Bullshit.  He's hocking his own morality and cherry picking tiny examples to support it.  I'm not persuaded and I doubt any other major culture will be either.  Further, I would argue that like any other policy or -ism too much of a good thing is bad.  Just because markets do wonders for some commodities and facilitate trade doesn't mean we should trade morality.  It opens up so much corruption and codifies it into our culture which are two points he highlighted at the beginning but failed to address except by hand waving.

The argument is interesting, but unsupported and unenlightened in my opinion.

Monetizing morality may work in only two situations I can think of:

1. Money is decoupled from a set of goods/services upon which a healthy human life depends (food, water, shelter, healthcare, education...).  That removes the infinite demand which could be leveraged to extract personal freedoms and compromised morality under effective threat of suffering and death laundered through currency.  If money is completely discretionary, markets could function.  If not, the infinite demand floor constrains a person's freedom.

2. A complete nanny state with heavy price fixing and regulation to prevent corruption.  Again, this is a forfeiture of freedom and it is largely inefficient to fund such oversight.

Better to leave morality to personal judgement/discretion instead of introducing conflict of interest and more control over personal morality scaled by wealth.

This argument is tantamount to legalizing bribery and allowing things like votes to be bought directly at market price per head.  This undermines justice itself and corrupts individual freedom for the good of "the market."
I agree with a lot of this video. I fell as though a lot of attacks on commodification, capitalism, free trade, etc., are problems we can fix without destroying the system as a whole. For instance: free trade isn't bad, but exploitation of native people in underdeveloped countries is. The target then should be to write human rights treaties and enforce that NOT to kill free trade agreements for the hell of it. The distinction here is "free-trade" becomes the bad guy when by definition it jut allows goods and the things people need to be accessed more easily.
What an utterly vile person Nietzsche's sister must have been to declare herself her brother's "editor" only to alter his positions on something he felt so strongly about.  Knowing how strongly he actually felt about anti-semitism, it's difficult to imagine a more contemptible thing to do to a philosopher after he lost his faculties, let alone one's own brother.  
So could someone check out this post and tell me whether Ive got this right?  I dont know this stuff well, and Nietzche takes a lot of background to discuss.


The article developed my understanding of Nietzches "priest" figure.  I didn't understand that it was connected directly to the distinction between Greek/Judeo-Christian concepts of the relationship between man and the divine.


I had understood the Nietzchean priest to represent the forces that exploit and parasitize the resentments of the weak to gain a modicum of power - power that priestly types can't achieve through more wholesome expressions of one's personal will due to intrinsic lack of greatness.


It makes sense that the priestly societal niche is underwritten by a worshipful/submissive relationship to the divine (as opposed to the Greek struggle to become like the divine.)  People who are naturally great would seem to embody that Greek spiritual approach, while people who lack this inner strength would abuse the Judaic priestly approach to siphon power off of the worshipful nature of the underclass.



[removed]
>From an evolutionary perspective both of these beliefs are equally useful, and therefore there is no reason to think the true belief would be selected for.


If you admit this much, why think that the mechanism which produced those beliefs would tend toward true rather than false beliefs? 

Plantinga would certainly disagree that we need to imagine beliefs evolving piecemeal to maintain his argument, since there is no reason for a general evolutionary neural mechanism to regard the 'true' over the 'false' so long as the neural network leads to the correct kind of behavior. 
Plantinga doesn't speak, in his argument, about useful vs not useful *beliefs* (evolutionary adaptive vs not adaptive), rather he thinks of adaptive/not adaptive *behaviours*.

The difference is important because: as long as the behaviour is adaptive, it doesn't matter for evolution, if this adaptive *behaviour* is associated with a true or false *belief*. Beliefs would become, in a way, irrelevant.

(Therefore the consequence of undermining, with these premises, any justified trust in our cognitive faculties, defined as the capability of forming true beliefs)
What bothers me most in the argument is the suggestion that, if not for evolution, we should trust our mental faculties. But we make mistakes all the time; the existence of incompatible religions is proof enough. There is ample empirical evidence that our mental faculties are faillible. There's no need for evolution to see that.

Evolution, on the other hand, is compatible with a faillible reason that is often capable of grasping approximations of truth. 

[deleted]
Questions and time stamps:

What is the role of a philosopher of science? (00:19)

How does quantum mechanics contradict common sense? (07:48)

Can science give us a precise image of the universe? (18:06)

Can you give a brief overview of quantum mechanics? (22:57)

How might we establish the truth of string theory? (29:00)

Does quantum mechanics speak at all to consciousness? (31:11)

What are some of the most prevalent misinterpretations of science today? (37:06)

How is our everyday notion of time flawed? (41:29)

The problem of time that he poses at the end doesn't seem very solid. The thought experiment about watching a video of a person aging in reverse is obvious to us only because we carry with us the context of how humans age. Or, if we were to watch a piece of paper being burned, and that's the only information we had (we could only ever watch the film in reverse), we could very easily explain away the fire as a bunch of smoke being pulled together by some attractive force, and after time the smoke condenses so much that it 'freezes' to form paper. We could continue to watch the film in reverse all the way through the paper's reconfiguration from paper to tree, and even further to watch the tree's roots eject carbon back into the ground and photons back up into the sky, and suddenly we've recreated a system that resembles entropy- photons and atoms shooting all up and away from the thing that was once stable.

The problem with these film-strip analogies is that he doesn't recognize the sort of 'meta-time' that happens when watching a film. It is this meta-time that allows us to distinguish between future and past and causality within the film (it's really just real time, but from the perspective of the film that we are watching, it is external, or meta). If you show a video of a circle turning into a square and then a square turning into a circle and tell the viewer to make linear sense of the narrative, it's impossible to do so with any better shot than 50/50 because the viewer carries absolutely no context as to which could have possibly come first. But, if the viewer sees you in 'meta-time' (real, non-film time in this case) pushing one button with a left arrow every time the film goes from circle to square, and a right arrow for square to circle, they can then deduce forward or backward. Of course, their interpretation is still reliant on which arrows they see as forward or backward, but this is the kind of context that we bring to the video of watching a person age: there are two times present (real time that you have already existed in and pulled in information and film time in which you only see certain information), and the real time directly influences how you make sense of the film time. 

So, I guess I don't see how this symmetry of time is a problem. I'm somewhat familiar with certain quantum experiments that sort of seemingly violate causality, but from this video I'm not too sure why this symmetry is a problem, because the symmetry is the direct product of somewhat arbitrary boundaries we've placed on time and consciousness in the thought experiment (in the case of the latter, it may be more like things we're overlooking that we bring in). Lots of things are symmetrical in the universe when you frame them the right way, and really the only asymmetry present here is derived from our own inability to remove our experiences that shape why we differentiate old people from young people. Take that away, or switch the images to shapes, and suddenly it makes sense that we cannot meaningfully differentiate past from further past. 
I suspect that the problem underlying all these issues of agreement between our image of the universe as shown by the equations we devise to describe them and our day-to-day experience of the universe is one of classification.  We are saying that the universe described by the equations and the universe we walk around in are the same universe and therefore they should agree in observation.  This is not the case.

Equations are tools we have devised to organize that which we have observed. They are entities of organization.  Concepts as simple as energy and momentum are organizations, not entities unto themselves. The concept of *energy* is a tool for organizing our observations about how objects interact with each other just as *momentum* is a another tool for organizing the same interactions in a different way.  In a similar spirit, we can organize books on a library shelf alphabetically or by color or by thickness or by weight. Which organizing principle is useful at any time depends on the reason we have for looking for a book. If we are looking for a prop to stabilize a wobbly table, a shelf of books positioned in order of thickness would be more useful that those same books listed alphabetically by author or by title.  For some problems energy is the more useful organization, for other problems we use momentum, whichever approach is more useful.

In the same sense, quantum theory is an organization tool, not a universe unto itself.  It is useful to the extent that it allows us to make meaningful predictions about the behavior of things.  It is often the case that when we see new things to fit into our set equation-described systems, we need to adjust our equation tools to encompass them.

All of the complications arising in modern physics arose when we started using electronic intermediaries to observe and sample the universe. None of the equation tools we had developed while we were limited to our physical senses to observe the universe worked when we had to incorporate information from a new source.

There may never be a bottom to the search for order in the universe. Every time we devise a new instrument, a new tool, we generate a new stream of data that needs to be incorporated into our system of understanding. There is no reason to assume they will be compatible. BY changing our mode of observation we change the face of the universe we are examining and until we run out of variations to try in our observations, we will not run out of faces to incorporate.

Whatever the universe *IS*, if such a distinction exists, it is not identical to the description given us by our tools.
One interesting experiment in regards to consciousness, time, and causation is the Delayed Erasure Double Slit experiments.

The destruction of the information influences physically complete experiments...


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_eraser_experiment

Edit - This is the quantum eraser...this is not about measurement...
I think he would have been better off with a script.  I found this a bit tedious. Too many filler words "indeed" "ok" "um, um" "let me back up a bit".  Halting and starting all the time. I had a hard time listening to all of it.  I understand his points but he could be clearer and more eloquent
[removed]
Our everyday notion of time is not flawed. Time always moves forward in one direction at a set interval. Our everyday notion of space and causality is flawed. Space is not fundamental, and effect does not have to come after cause. In fact cause/effect are meaningless in quantum mechanics. Only logical correlations between a set of given events matter. 

Once you realize this, quantum mechanics becomes intuitive.

Keep the downvotes coming. Realize that people like yourselves who do nothing more than protect the status quo are holding science back, not progressing it forward. Some of the best physicists around think we need a new physics, because the old physics is obviously incompatible with the findings of quantum mechanics (resulting in an absurd amount of interpretations, none of which are correct). Now we have the same situation in physics as we do in religion. We can agree that asking the question "which religion is the true religion" is meaningless, and it is more rational to assume that none are true and all are but inventions of the human mind to explain the unexplainable.  So it is with quantum mechanics. Which interpretation is right out of the 20+? Not a good question. None of them are right. Reality is reality, independent of our interpretation of it. What is needed to resolve the conflicts in QM and even between relativity/QM is a **reinterpretation of reality itself.**
Questions and time stamps:

"What is the role of a philosopher of science? (00:19)'

There ar ereally two things we call philosophy. One of those things is something very much like what people think it is, the abstract contemplation of reality. The other thing is really more like joining mensa when you are 14 and then finding out the hard way that the whole point of mensa is to make sure smart people never put their minds on anything that MATTERS... but instead consuming their time with endless and pointless masturbatory abstractions.

The former philosopher expands the horizons of science and knowledge by taking what science absolutely does know and then asking thought experiment questions about that; guesswork but highly evolved and highly informed guesswork with a very accurate model of reality. The latter is literally some part of the drag co-efficient on intellectual life generally speaking in society.


"How does quantum mechanics contradict common sense? (07:48)"

Multiple ways primarily extending out of non locality and quantum information. common Sense can handle the world of mass which turns out to be an illusion, and the physics of that once understood deeply reflect the obvious sense of order we subjectively experience. The reverse is true of QM. The more you learn about it the more it defies and sabotages and complicates any kind of intuitive feeling for the how the universe operates according to subjective experience.

If we lived at the quantum level, we would experience a universe in which everything is randomly teleporting into place where a probability vector field intersects some other probability vector field. The particle only exists when the wave form collapses. 



"Can science give us a precise image of the universe? (18:06)"

what do you mean by precise? Objectivity/ subjectivity is well understood to be a spectrum. You can improve your model and it can become a good enough model to achieve technological effects, but science will always be  an abstract and conceptual tool and map of reality. Not reality. So if you mean absolute precision- no it can never achieve that. But it can become MORE precise in degrees, and that can build up to being VERY accurate over time- But precision like perfection in science is something to strive for but which can never actually be literally obtained. Like evolution or nested basement universes, theres always some new level to hop into or down into or out of.



"Can you give a brief overview of quantum mechanics? (22:57)"

Mass equalls energy. Mass happens on a very subjective scale- the scale of our subjective experience. Mass is composed of energy, and in essence more precisely of entangled quantum particles orbiting each other. The scale of energy is vastly smaller than the scale of mass, but Mass in essence = energy once you zoom down into that scale. Energy does the same thing again tho. The scale of energy is vast compared to the scale of quantum probability fields, which are what actually composes energy. If you zoom down in scale small enough, you can see that everything is composed of nothing solid and even energy is composed of potential probability fields. But now we zoom down smaller another level of scale and probability fields are the macros of quantum information; So theres actually crazy amounts of entirely virtual DATA down there at the smallest scale...Now that all is a given. Whats smaller? The theories aren't sure. 1001 denominations of QM are even now fighting over whose model is right. There is math and actual observational lab work to get data from- but what does the data MEAN?

In theory, the data suggest that the next smaller scale is quantum strings, and then the next smaller scale is the quantum singularity- and the string is a standing wave emanating out of and generated by the standing wave geometry as the friction that is caused between singularity and BRANE. Each type of quantum information "particle" or any given kind of string is dependent on the brane substrate that the singularity has agitated.  At the smallest scale, the universe is hyperlocations of the actual core cosmic singularity; spread out into a brane tree which creates from our perspective the illusions of space and time.



"How might we establish the truth of string theory? (29:00)"

punch a hole in a brane using highly modulated electromagnetic fields as standing waves using highly erratic and thus hyper dimensional frequentia geometries.


"Does quantum mechanics speak at all to consciousness? (31:11)"

Whose interpretation of QM.? theres semi newtonian clockwork atheist QM and then theres full on Shamanism Reborn QM. Which flavor of QM would you like this report from?

If you understand brain wave states and the quantum implications of that in the brain- you are well on your way to establishing an absolutely science centered religious system which delivers on every real promise of religion but minus all the sheeple herding, nonsense, and woo.




"What are some of the most prevalent misinterpretations of science today? (37:06)"

My favorite pick is the lack of causal thinking. The general public of sophomoric thinking has adopted a skeptical scientificish sort of reasoning where it "demands references" This is actually in many instances just babble appeal from authority. If a person can give you scientific causal reasoning, and walk you through the understanding of it, then it should be on the other persons dime to go run the search engines. Real science reasoning does not require us to do stupid and pointless experiments. It builds models and the models become more and more accurate and more and more predictive. The general public can't reason with cause and effect or apply the model- They can only seem to reason by reference- proof from some authority figure. That in turn only sets up an elite centered dumble down to be particularly effective.

Very often scientists of very high calibre suffer seriously from dunning kruger effect outside of their fields. For instance, carl sagans ideas about consciousness and religion are idiotic from a depth psychology perspective. Bill nye the science guy should have looked up horizontal genetic transfer before reversing his opinion on GMOs. These people commit layman level fallacies but pass it off as scientific because they have advanced knowledge in some areas.. but not the area they are commenting on. This is the true danger really of just asking QM what it thinks of consciousness. Unless the QM expert has Studied psychology and consciousness, their answer is one half ignorant babbling.



"How is our everyday notion of time flawed? (41:29)"

time is not linear its explosive. Every possible outcome has a universe to land in as home. We experience a linear flow of time- but outside of our subjective experience, time forked in every possible direction. This makes contemporary ideas about time travel quite impossible, because you can never actually time travel- you can only create new forks on the many worlds tree.



The big problem I see with this argument is that the definition you've chosen for the concept of 'self' does not necceseraly map to other, more common concepts of the 'self'. As such, even if your reasoning is fully correct we cannot connect the reasoning to other statements about identity.
If you flip a coin 5 times and you get 4 head it does not mean that head have 80% probability. We say that a quantum event have 50/50 probability for a reason, in all experiences with photon spin it is always 50%.


You can try it with a gun, bomb, a conscious person observing or not it does not matter you will always get 50%.


And even if you get out alive many times I don't see how it does prove MWI
I have nothing to say other than you make a point much better than I have: that for an interpretation that is supposed to be free of "consciousness causes collapse", MWI has much to say about consciousness.

Second, MWI is not likely because it is derived from a false premise. Could many worlds exist out there somewhere? I guess, but not as a logical derivation of an assumption that makes no sense.
>Note that surviving the experiment again and again causes the probability of MWI being correct to quickly approach 1. By Bayes formula, if we assign an initial probability of 1/2 to MWI, running it 1 time makes MWI 2/3 likely, running it 5 times makes it makes it about .97 likely and 10 times about .999 likely.

I'm not 100% sure but I feel like something is not quite right here, could you explicit your reasoning for that ?

It seems you are doing P(MWI|O) = P(O|MWI) P(MWI) / P(O).
I don't understand the part of the argument where you conclude that your assistant wouldn't have the same reason to believe that MWI holds. It seems to me, according to your own assumptions, your assistant would have exactly the same update of priors than you.

To make this more explicit you could make a bet with your assistant that you will survive x repetitions of the experiment since MWI is true. Ask him how high x would need to be so that he were convinced. Then do the experiment x times. In the branch where you survive you will always win the bet thus proving MWI to your assistant. Of course in those branches where you were killed the assistant would not be impressed much. 

The reasoning is thus the same. The assistant would conclude that it is astronomically unlikely that he were to see you survive if MWI weren't true, so he would reasonably believe MWI. In the same sense, you, after the surviving the experiment a million times could also chalk it up to "just getting lucky", but that would be unreasonable.
Hi /u/andmonad,

a) the difference between the scientist and his assistant or anybody else is what they should be willing to bet in terms of money on the outcome of an experiment.

Thinking in terms of bets, one quickly sees that the Quantum Suicide machine can be seen as a mysterious money generating machine - for both parties. 

b) another way to resolve the problem is to contemplate the fate of a "destroyed" shirt. in the version of reality where the shirt is destroyed, it is only destroyed as a concept. that is, people in that world will agree that there is no shirt any longer, but in fact, whatever it was only transformed. the atoms it consist of evaporate, or in the worst case if it is annihilated, it is transformed into energy.

so yeah, we will agree that there is no longer a shirt, but so what? a shirt is a human concept.

why does this matter? because you can apply the same kind of thinking to consciousness. There are philosophical views of consciousness such as panpsychism in which an intrinsic aspect of consciousness is seen as imperishable. it is a nature of reality. we cannot conceive what consciousness without a brain is like - certainly it is not a thing that can think or remember or be angry, but according to these views there is an inconceivable sense in which it nevertheless is.

If we accept panpsychism as a possibility, then the intuition motivating the Quantum Suicide evaporates. I tried to explain this in more detail here: https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/57vy89/quantum_suicide_and_panpsychism/


You said it in the beginning I think "The idea of self seems to problematic to be introduced as a variable in scientific experiment".  The problem your having I think is that your trying to latch "self" onto "collapse of the wave function". That doesn't really work because no matter what your macroscopic, and are already a collapsed vector. The simple truth is that if you were in Schrodingers box you would eventually die. "Self" has yet to be defined scientifically and, as such, quantum mechanics has very little to say about it. There is no "prove" that qm immortality is or isn't real, it isn't a scientific question at this point. You are however, most aptly right to wonder here, because it highlights one of the biggest conceptual problems we have with qm. That is "what does it mean to make a measurement or observation"? I would suggest you look up the Everret (not sure if I spelled that right) interpretation. I know that doesn't help you much sry.
Second post because it's entirely unrelated to my first:

If I understand everything correctly then we can abstract this experiment to the following:

**Going through the Quantum Suicide Machine, assuming the MWI is correct, is equivalent to picking half of an infinite set of world lines**

Reasoning: The total number of world lines is infinite. If I go through the Quantum Suicide machine and survive, any reasoning I base upon that applies only to the subset of world lines in which I am still alive.

From this it follows immediately that Quantum Immortality is trivially true. If I cut an infinite set in half, I still have an infinite set.

Second important observation:

**If I base my argument on the fact that I'm still alive after going through the Quantum Suicide Machine, then that reasoning applies only to a subset of all possible world lines**

This is trivially true. If I start a line of reasoning with 'I am alive, therefor:', then the result of this reasoning is false in world lines in which I am not alive.

Third important observation:

**If we want to reason about statistics in the Many Worlds Interpretation we need to take into account all, or at least an unbiassed set of world lines**

Imagine flipping a coin 10 billion times in the Many Worlds Interpretation to see if it's a fair coin. If we are free to pick any subset of world lines to base our conclusion on, then we can pick a subset in which all flips are heads (for example, by killing the experimenter in all world lines where we don't get heads), which would force us to conclude that the coin is biassed. But that's obviously bullcrap because we used a selection mechanism to ensure that we would get that result. It's not the coin that's biassed, it's our experiments.

**The Quantum Immortality experiment you describe above is a self-biassing experiment**

Clearly any reasoning along the lines of 'I have survived N passes through the Quantum Suicide machine, therefor:' only applies to a subset of world lines and that subset is biassed. We are thus not using an unbiassed subset of world lines and therefor any statistical argument needs to correct for this bias.

This leads us to our final conclusion:

**Surviving the Quantum Immortality machine cannot ever be used as is for a statistical argument because the experiment is not unbiassed. After correcting for death-induced biass any additional support for the MWI interpretation obtained by the fact that you survived disappears**
 Your assistant will observe you dead in one possible world and alive in another possible world but you will always observe him observing you I'm the 'alive' possible world. Assuming we have a self, which world is the assistant experiencing?

Your observation of the assistance, collapsed the possible world of him seeing you again. His observaton of you gone collapsed the possible world of you no longer existing. But which 'consciousness'  will the assistance be experiencing. 
I've looked into this a lot myself, and I think the problem is that quantum indeterminacy does not translate to ontological indeterminacy. Like another comment said, the cat ultimately dies. The indeterminacy ultimately concerns the reality of the observer but not the reality of the cat, which is presumably determinate, just not for us.
Ranks among the most absolutely ridiculous things it has ever been my misfortune to read. Platonism by its very nature has no place within a hundred yards of the empirical sciences.
Well I'm getting around to reading the Aeon article referenced in OP, OP's defense of natural selection against Wagner seems to miss his point. Without the library of forms the likelihood of there being a dead-end mutation is so much higher than the chance of there being a mutation that will be naturally selected for that natural selection would never have occurred at all let alone the frequency it does occur.
That doesn't solve skepticism. It even says that in the video. It just says that we shouldn't ordinarily have to give a real shit about questions posed by radical skepticism, and we do not.
**Summary:**
In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Geoff Pynn](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/geoff-pynn) (Northern Illinois) explains epistemic contextualism, which says that the word “know” is a context-sensitive term. Geoff describes how contextualists claim to dissolve the problem of radical skepticism, and discusses the argument for contextualism from our ordinary linguistic usage.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!
Scilencing skeptics is the first step towards enslavement. Yes most of them are dumb but the way this video portrays skeptics is also as silly as the silly question the pose to get you to question. I consider myself a skeptic because most really aren't. I feel most people have their beliefs about things and they stick to them. And it's really hard to get people to think radically and in a different way. Yes I understand your argument for context and I can be relatively sure that I am in fact awake. But to just change the definition of know seems like a crazy cult thing to do. I guess the people who made this video "know" what happens after death now too. Since know has context. I see people after they have died and their body rots. That must be the only thing that happens. If someone sets up a bright light outside of my jail cell and simulates the sun and moon movements just on the opposite schedule. Do I really know if it's day or night. No. it's important to always keep looking for answers and deeper answers. Within the frame of context sure but to change how you "know" is fucking dumb. We cannot be so arrogant all the time.

Fuck formatting and fuck spelling. That's my rant.
I think this is more interesting than people realize. However, the wording and lack of complete explanations makes it hard for the reader to follow.  
Well all particles are exact copies of themselves, so there are in fact perfect simulations. No two protons are different. They also all abide by the same rules, and while quantum physics yields practically probabilistic results, the underlying calculus is deterministic. All physical processes in our "simulations" are also time symmetric, we don't really have a clear understanding of the difference between the past and the future, they both might as well be either set in stone or open to change. (I know someone will scream entropy at me but a good long look at that will actually support my point), Choice is an emergent property stemming from our ability create abstract thoughts. We don't actually have one, we never did, we made the idea up. If you except that the future is open to manipulation then you have to say the same of the past, as well as the other way around.
Let's assume Alice's and Bob's simulations are perfect. 

Alice's simulation would always show her losing.  The door Alice picked wouldn't matter, in either simulation or reality.

Bob's simulation would always know what door Alice would pick in reality, and Alice would lose.  Alice's simulation would depict that result. 

If the world is deterministic, Alice would always choose what her simulation revealed she would choose.

If the world was non-deterministic, Alice has a 50/50 chance of selecting her simulation's door; the result is still 100% failure.

The consequence would be proof of a non-deterministic world: if Alice could pick a different door then her simulation...


So What happens if Alice disregards the rules and refuses to choose a door?
I typed out a transcript of what I think is the most important part:

David Edmonds: Let's end on an optimistic note. Tell me one or two ways in which we can improve the way we argue in politics.

Robert Talisse: Sure, so I think that a lot of what goes wrong, in political argumentation particularly, is that people tend to get their conception of what their opponents think, not from their opponents themselves, but from other people that they agree with. So when they're trying to figure out what to make of, in the United States for example, what the Democrats or the liberals are thinking, they find out from other conservatives what the liberals are thinking, right, it's a sort of failure to go to the source. That strikes me as a very common error. 

This was something John Stuart Mill, one of my favourite philosophers, was deeply attuned to in *On Liberty* when he says "if your only know your half of the argument, you don't even know that". That seems to me dead on and I think that he could have gone one step further. If you want to know your side of the argument, you've got to get you're conception of the argument from the people who hold that other view, and you've got to listen to them. I think that that sort of idea can be unified under a more general Millian principle.

I think a lot of political argument goes wrong because the politics in the crass sense, the winning elections, the looking good for the cameras, is playing an inappropriately large role. We don't tend to talk about politics with people who we know are not inclined to agree. That I think is an error of a fundamental kind.

David Edmonds: And the internet would have exacerbated that trend.

Robert Talisse: I think that's right...
I think using introspection as a means of gaining knowledge about consciousness is somewhat valid. I personally practiced rigpa and reached states where awareness becomes radiant, sky-like and bliss flows like a cool stream. 

I think his point about the cosmic nature of self is a little bit of a stretch though. It's one thing to say that the my mental contents (thoughts, images, sense data) are made of awareness. Sometimes when meditating I get that sense and it seems that these things could be made of awareness, an abstract order impressed upon a physical medium, much like how paintings are an abstraction made from paint and paper. Its still unclear to me and I think it proves that there is a limit to introspection.

However, claiming than the phenomenal world arises from consciousness seems completely unfounded by reality. There is a world of objects out there that exist independently of our minds and they exist whether we do or not. This world existed before there were any minds to create it.
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
It always bothers me when philosophical arguments stop being about an intellectual idea and revert to debating definitions.

Your whole argument is "only humans are humans, consciousness is different for all creatures, so only humans can have human consciousness."

First off, the middle statement is an assumption not proven by facts. Why do you assume that a future AI -- especially a strong AI that is much, Much, MUCH more able than a human brain -- couldn't simulate the human experience? It could run a tiny "human brain" emulator in software and have human consciousness as a small piece of its greater consciousness.

Also, your entire argument seems to imply that there is something uniquely human about humans. People have spent thousands of years finishing the sentence "humans are unique because we are the only creatures that...." Too often, our solutions are the product of hubris rather than fact. We're not the only toolmakers. We're not the only social creatures. We're not the only creatures with empathy. We're not the only creatures that love. We're not the only creatures that communicate. We're not the only creatures with speech.

So, we come to the modern version -- we're the only creatures that are conscious. The nice part about this version is that we lack the capability of testing the statement, so we can conjecture it and feel special without having to verify it. Even saying that we're the only conscious creature is on shaky ground, but to then hypothesize forward that we're the only entity that could ever be conscious -- even our own unique flavor of conscious -- is more wishful thinking than philosophical argument.
No. When we say "animal X has consciousness", we do mean EXACTLY that, we mean that like us, they have a subjective, first-person experience of the world. That experience might be completely alien to us, red might be green, blue might be bitter, in fact the entire experience might be filled with nothing but a sensation of hunger, for example, and contain no amount of thought or logic, reasoning or introspection, but if there is something there that is "experiencing", it is conscious.
This whole thing seems like begging the question. By following this logic, we do not know if you are conscious. Maybe you're just Brian-like-conscious. So everybody has their own unique consciousness and now the word means exactly nothing. 
If we cannot prove dog-consciousness or cow-consciousness, how can we at all even assume other humans have the same consciousness as ourselves?

Have you heard of solipsism? It might benefit your argument to consider how you are using solipsist ideas.

Is the reason dogs and cows have a different consciousness than humans (according to your argument) because they are not as smart, or because inherently they are different than humans? You should address intelligence, many people assume that consciousness is a side effect of intelligence and once an AI achieves that intelligence they will become self conscious. Very interesting argument
[removed]
I feel like you are using conciousness as a broad term for more complex human thought processes but essentially conciousness refers to self awareness which is experienced by animals aswell even in its simplest forms like the will to survive

The idea of an artificial intelligence is not to mimic human thought and behaviour but to create an object with the ability to learn adapt and choose independently which means that critical thought on even the most basic level such as the will to survive is required therefore implying that for an artificial intelligence to exist it must have some sort of self awareness
[removed]
The fact that human consciousness, "animal-consciousness" are both built off of highly complex electrical and chemical systems invalidates this arbitration.  Until we find the non-existent soul, there is no reason we can ultimately separate our intellect and mindfulness from any future artificial being.
Elephants are self-conscious.if u put a dot on their head and put them in front of a mirror Thay will try and remove dot.

You seem to be arguing only that *humans* cannot be sure of the consciousness of a computer, not that computers can't be conscious in exactly the same way as humans are.

You aren't claiming that computers cannot perform in a way exactly identical to a human being. Ergo, you must then have the concept that a computer can *appear* to have the same consciousness as a human from outside observation.

What you need, then, is a definition of consciousness that differentiates between *actual* consciousness and *fake* consciousness (or "appears like consciousness but isn't"). If you can make that distinction, we then need at least one testable prediction from their differences.

If there can be no testable prediction, your claim is unfalsifiable, and the difference between these types of consciousness is merely conceptual, and your definitions are tautilogical. (Humans have human consciousness, computers have computer consciousness, regardless of how identical they are.) 

>S: Are you going to drink some coffee with us?

>H: I have a headache.

So then you need some coffee, right?
[removed]
I'm curious where the following example fits into all this. What if we were to build a neural network that mimics a human brain at one point. Meaning, we look at how the brain of person A is, a connection at a time, and replicate it. We now have a functional mech-brain that works just like a normal one. Of course, the real human brain will develop in unexpected ways due to its biologic nature, such as a trauma, that can force changes that wires can not undergo. Despite that, at the point where we copied the human brain and created our mech-brain, we knew that the human was conscious, self aware and able to reason. Would the mech-brain, even as an unchanging replica, not qualify for the above traits?
Perhaps no two minds have the same consiousness. No two humans or two dogs. Perhaps the diffenernce between computer consiousness and ready made beings consiousness is computers lack an instinctive perpose we have, making them only pure consiousness with no motive, perhaps that will be there motive to find a motive.
> Let us say that humans have a different kind of conscience as other animals/creations because we can ask about our own consciousness. 

Can you elaborate on this? If 'asking about our own consciousness' is what qualifies our consciousness to be different then some humans wouldn't have 'human-consciousness'. I would guess there are many people who have never wondered about their own consciousness. 

> They [A.I.] won't have the same consciousness as humans have ...

I think it is a likely that they won't. It depends on *how* an A.I. would process the world. They could have very different bodies and different 'senses'. 

Maybe A.I. consciousness will be so far advanced that they'll wonder if humans actually have consciousness.



Humans would need to show consciousness too. You need a premise that defines consciousness that humans fulfill and no other being fulfills. It would also need to hold against a hypothetical sentient that is not human, or talking apes with dreams and ideas of their own, like coco.
> computer programs learning from very little given data (Google's Deepmind).

this isn't true.  deepmind's work uses nets trained on *huge* amounts of data.  that's one reason why it's google that is pushing this work forwards (they have lots of data).
So, um, solipsism? 
The issue I have with the argument given, is that we are able to simulate neurons on computers. If we can simulate neurons, then maybe we can simulate an entire brain. If we do that, and the simulated brain behaves like a real one, then can't we say that the simulated brain is human-conscious? Surely it makes no difference what the hardware is.
I'm going to respond to all three posts  here.

> I am making my thesis that the problem will never be solved because it is a linguistic error. If you take the example:

>> The dolphin painted Mona Lisa

> you know this is not possible because there needs to be "hands" to hold a brush, there needs to be "air" to dry the painting, and a dolphin is under water.

A human painting without hands (she has them but can't move them): http://twistedsifter.com/2016/03/alana-ciena-tillman-uses-mouth-and-feet-to-paint/

A paint that can be applied underwater: http://www.chemcoint.com/products/applications/underwater-coatings.html

A dolphin painting on a canvas above water: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_PjV8rRgcU

Your analogy is unusably bad.

> My claim then is that we cannot give anthropomorphic terms to computers, it is an "abuse" of language and it creates the wrong connotations.

This is a recommendation on how to communicate, not a claim about what is possible to implement in a computer system.

> Thus we can state it clearly, through the reasoning of Nagel, that we may not know what it is like being a bat, we may never know it, because our language and cognitive ability doesn’t allow it.

We similarly don't have the vocabulary for what it feels like to have a nose. We just barely have a vocabulary for describing tastes and smells.

> We will not know what it is like to experience the world like a computer does

> Therefore we cannot claim that a computer has or doesn’t have conscious experience.

We won't be able to tell *by asking it to describe its experience of consciousness*, unless it's somehow much better at communicating than humans have been so far. We might be able to tell with other mechanisms. For instance, a source code audit might be sufficiently informative.

> We can in principle not say (with current knowledge/technology) that a cow is aware of itself.

The mirror test provides a decent chunk of evidence.

> Let us suppose that when we talk about an animal X being conscious, we do not say that animal X is conscious in the same way as humans are conscious. We say that animal X is animal-conscious (e.g. dog-conscious in the way other dogs are conscious).

Yet there's sufficient similarity that we think of them all as different types of consciousness.

> Computers cannot show human-conscious.

This is an assumption that you are bringing in undefended.

Consciousness seems to be a computational thing to me. It's a matter of capabilities, and the internal implementation matters, but at an algorithmic level. The difference between human consciousness and dog consciousness is a matter of what algorithms are implemented and what capabilities are presented.

A computer is an approximation of a Turing machine. You can implement arbitrary algorithms on it. So why should there be a specific thing that's "computer consciousness"? If consciousness is algorithmic, a computer can in theory implement dog consciousness or human consciousness or parakeet consciousness.
You might like [this set](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSdPmxRCWws&list=PL8zB0OvKDj4qYWeVUSZXJgr2xLah-7cJG) of videos on AI. In particular the part about "mind space" which is essentially the set of all possible consciousnesses.
this write-up assumes present day computers. one day it may be machines saying "*humans do not have the same (superior) consciousness that we have*"

as long as we humans are alive to continue improving our creations, it is inevitable that A.I will surpass our capabilities. that *is* why we create, afterall. 
This is so ignorant. There are several non-human animals who have been shown to have consciousness. 
"Computers compute because that's all we trust the with."

Saying that sentience exists because it is relative is a non sequitor.
Your line of thought skipped important definitions about what is a human, what is an animal and what is a computer from the point of view of the cognition, the closest science can come to the chimera you call consciousness. From this point of view, animals are a particular case of computers, while humans are a particular case of animals. We have human consciousness, which inherits properties of the more general animal consciousness, which inherits the few determinations of the more general computer consciousness. Of course the human consciousness is not the same as the consciousness of a cow, but both are animal consciousnesses. The most important implication is that, while "animal" is not a different class as "human", but it's superclass, it is perfectly possible to exist some animal whose consciousness would be comparable to human, to the point of no distinction. Consequently, there is no logical incoherence in the possibility that computers, as a general superclass, could bear cow- or human like consciousness. Don't draw boundaries where they don't exist. 
Let me not be a dick like Kant. Follows an example: Motorized vehicles have a motor. Cars have car motors. BMW cars have BMW motors. You can adapt a BMW motor to another car, it's still a car. You can adapt the BMW motor to a boat, it's still a boat. Here, BMW car is the human, car is the animal and motorized vehicle. Remember there are jet planes.
Just because you can't prove something, doesn't mean its false. 

Also, I thought it was commonly accepted that you can't truly prove that other people are conscious beings, they could just be figments of your imagination. 

OP you need to chill out. 
Your an idiot
What is human consciousness? 
Does it happen at a macro scale (brain/body) or at a micro scale (nerve ending/cellular/molecular/atomic levels)? This question alone has not been answered and therefore we still cannot assume that 'consciousness' really is what we think it may be.
Perhaps we are merely governed by a set of physical laws happening at the atomic level within our cells and these laws dictate how our bodies react to the environment around us.

In the same way animals react to their environments, which are arguably less complicated than our own. 

To create 'consciousness' would be to create a system that at a micro level can detect clues in its environment so as to avoid perishing, to continually survive. 
As that, according to our scientific evidence so far, is the ultimate goal of life.
I think that if humans were going to understand a consciousness other than their own, it would most likely be one they created.
Wait until computer are having this discussion with themselves. "Do you really think humans are conscious? Well not like us "we" are conscious....let's include them.  Borg...."
The way I see you talking about consciousness is in a way that doesn't take into consideration that we don't care if a creature has consciousness per say, what matters and is important is how we perceive another creature's consciousness, whether it is an AI or a bear.  We perceive them as conscious and so they are, and that perception, which we create, is the only thing that matters in the long run.  What I don't think we can recreate in an AI is the need to be loved, which rules all of us.  It is as if we are bound and determine to create a race of narcissist's, which can serve us, but none of us will ever understand.  

However, everything you said is true, but in the long run, it becomes a part of a conversation that will influence people who feel that it is possible to create a robot that can fool us into believing they are human.  Not possible; being human, is about so much more than just making a conscious machine that can pretend it's human.  The Turing test is a myth.  No machine, in the long run, could ever fool a human, a creature with million of years of evolution behind us, into believing they are real.  We are too intelligent to ignore the subtle signs of body language, smell, feelings and the million of others signs, which make us human.  We are all created and influenced by those who raised us, by parents who try and at times fail.  The most profound and lovely part of being a human is found in our imperfections the good and bad of us.  It would be the same as thinking we could ever create a dog that could fool a real dogs sense of smell or evolutionary lust, just not going to happen.               


you must understand the Mind - Body Dualism to really argue about the computer consciousness 
So is Mind - Hardware Dualism is the case of computers 

If the Hardware dies the Mind dies 

Come at me with Contradictions and i conquer you with words.
I think it's important to define consciousness more clearly. Consciousness is self-referential knowing, or the knowing of knowing. We are the best examples of this, and through investigation we see that the brain is somehow correlated to consciousness. Animals which possess similar brains to ours should also possess consciousness in degree to the similarity of their brain structure. Computers do not possess brains, so it must be shown that their hardware is qualitatively similar enough to make the leap that they possess consciousness.
This does not prove that we will never be able to create a computer which shows human-like consciousness. In the same way that you assume through communication with other humans that they have human-like consciousness that could become possible with machines once they further develop. You did nothing to disprove that I think.

I don't think you gave good support for your third point in the first place. I think you only assumed it because we can't know what it's like to be a computer, but how does that make it impossible for a computer to be conscious? Just because we can't know what it feels doesn't mean that it doesn't feel anything. 
exploding stars and space debris taught itself to makes some things, like us....
It really seems just to depend on how loosely / strictly we want to define consciousness. If we say that consciousness by definition is restricted to human minds, then (like other people have retorted) why stop there? What about severely disabled people, whose minds at best can only be understood by analogy? What about the congenitally blind, whose conception of "redness" (or other visual qualia) is worlds apart from ours? We can continue, in a Cartesian sort of negation, to say that person A is A-conscious, and B is B-conscious, because their subjective experiences are necessarily different and have fundamentally different neurochemical responses to the same input. But then the word "consciousness" loses all descriptive power, and becomes philosophically useless.

By contrast if we let consciousness describe other minds pursuing the same mode of action in respect to stimuli, if we conceive consciousness phenomenologically, the word takes on new potential. Borrowing from Putnam (if I remember my third year courses correctly), imagine we meet an intelligent alien species whose brains work in a fundamentally different way from ours. Their experience of redness perhaps lights up no brain region analogous to ours. But if our experiences are analogous, if there is mutual intelligibility, who are we to disqualify their experiences as conscious? 

Or, to put it in your terms: if a computer, passing the Turing test and perhaps even embodied, were to believe itself human and comported itself as human, what difference is there between this and humans? What value could there be in differentiating the two? 

Perhaps what you are referring to is psychology rather than consciousness; psychologically, it makes sense to discuss in an anthropocentric fashion because what we are concerned about primarily is human experience. But when we talk about consciousness, we are speaking about something much deeper, something akin to self-awareness and persisting identity (I don't have time to come up with a philosophical derivation / formulation, but you get the gist). To predicate our consciousness as human-consciousness is unnecessarily restrictive, I think, and we end up with a different concept entirely than what we normally perceive and discuss as consciousness.
What does human conscious mean? Do you literally mean that the X part of X-conscious merely refers to the thing X that is conscious?

Because DNA and species aren't cut and dry, you can trace back any human backwards and then forwards through ancestry to any other living creature on earth, you can easily take a path to an orangutan for example from you that always has a conscious animal.

So when does it go from homo-sapien conscious to homo-erectus conscious or whatever? Why is there a need to a make a distinction?

It's not like cat hair, human hair dog hair, which while those examples may not be the same, you could have two different animals that have very similar if not identical hair without being the same species, and as we already know, the same species can have many different types of hair on different animals in said species.

So what is it about "human conscious" that'd be different? Other than the Imo useless part that is all I can see atm that's just like my cat or dog hair example, it doesn't matter other than for the sake of adding the name of the source because it's thorough but doesn't actually define it other than "came from a cat", it doesn't say it's hypoallergenic, it doesn't tell us the colour, it doesn't tell us anything other than it came from a cat.

Because as far as I can see that's all you're defining X-conscious as, the consciousness from X, which is just some grammar wizardry basically.

So in short. What do you actually say that's different? Do you think they HAVE to be different? Why? What supports that hypothesis? Is it simply just to differentiate source like my cat hair example?
The one thing that is being missed in saying that consciousness of a computer can't be like a humans in the way that an animals consciousness can't be like a humans is that we, Humanity, didn't create animals.  We do create the computers that are conscious, essentially from the ground up.  We know how they think because we made them.  We will make more and eventually they will adopt the same traits as us, because we will make them in our own image.  Maybe they don't have these traits now, but they, the computers, will eventually
You talk about 3 different things which are all different. The crux of your argument seems to be about implicit communication and contextual communication.

You say there is no way a computer can decode contextual information. But fail to give a reason why, you just state this as truth.

Your example is also not entirely true, a current grade learning machine could decode the message through relational analysis.

Question: Proposal, preference, activity  
Answer: Headache -> Pain -> Inactivity  
Context: Headache = prefer inactivity  

Now the computer had "human-concious", or rather it has resolved the context problem through learned reasoning. This is actually not that different to how people do things, we just do it better because we have millions of years of development time under our belt.
I'm thinking from scratch: Humans are just really complex computers. A large amount of tiny components working together in complexity. All it takes for a computer to be conscious, is to be complex enough. 
I think you're misinterpreting "consciousness" for "sentience", in that computers have not shown awareness of self. Rather, that a computer cannot be aware that it is aware of itself. 

Also, how awesome is this conversation? 
Operating under the assumption that organisms are just hyper complex self-replicating chemical processes, a person's brain made from metal is no different from that of carbon. Consciousness and all.
Are we really asking the right question in this debate? Is it not the case that if we could prove that conciousness is a result of an arrangement of molecules (the human brain) then a computer could simulate those moleules and attain conciousness also? Currently, we cannot prove or disprove this but it seems like a more worthwhile question to pursue.
You are clumping animal-consciousnesses together for absolutely no logical reason.

You are also drawing an absolutely arbitrary line in terms of physics between humans, animals, and computers. ALL of which are collections of quantized physical parts. 

You also do not define being self-aware. A human is, I'd argue ONLY self aware of it's mind. You can be aware generally that you are a clump of mass, but you are not aware of the vast majority of the physical make up that you are, unless you're a student of physics. In the same way animals are self conscious by default. They are JUST as aware about their inner workings as you are, they are JUST as aware of their minds as we are. IF they have a mind to think critically, then they would be aware of that mind. If they don't have that ability, then that concept of a mind doesn't exist. With humans we are aware of our "mind" ONLY because we have a mind.


Same goes for computers, a computer does what it is enable to by the laws of physics. It is all you do, it is all any animal does. That is it.
This reminds me of Wittgenstein's claim only of a person or that which resembles a person can we say it thinks, feels, etc. It's true that our instinctive tests of consciousness rely on human like qualities, and obviously that's where the Turing test has its roots. But we also haven't seen the heights of machine intelligence yet.

What we are seeing already is machine systems that are remarkably alive and responsive. They will get more alive, and more responsive, and as time goes by they will become more responsible. Eventually they may be granted agency. If, one day, we ask them how it feels to have agency and they tell us, will we tell them they're imagining things?
On a technical detail:
There is already computer programs learning from very little given data (Google's Deepmind). 

If you do not have TB's of data it is hard to have good performance on Complex task. There are arguably exception (reinforcement learning can generate the data themselves, from only a set of rule, like go) but they are limited to certain task(such as go playing)
I get frustrated with anecdotal philosophical conjecture around consciousness. If you break down the human brain which is our conscious self it is essentially made up of neurons that work similarly to transistors in computers. They work very much like logic gates and change their connections based upon feedback. If you look at the molecular level and understand how the brain works you realize that we are essentially just a big organic computer controlling an organic robot body. We compute and respond to data we receive externally and free will is essentially an illusion. If you coke tonunderstand it that way then it becomes apparent that it is possible to recapitulate such a system using a computer and eventually there will be AI with consciousness just as real as our own.
This can never be proven. Passing the Turing test will not prove anything. Only machines would ever know, if machines eventually could know. Even Descartes -- cogito ergo sum -- only proved his existence to himself. A machine rumoured to have awareness might beg, plead, cajole, provide all manner of reasoning, and still be only the mechanical output of an exceeding well designed program, and possess the consciousness of a gold pocket watch. One might even say "I think, therefore I am". Still, only the machine itself will ever know it had thoughts, and not just a calculated sum of transistors switching in a certain way to mechanically produce strings of ascii.

As for animals, of course they are aware. They might not be able to conjugate verbs or balance a checkbook, but they do indeed think. They see. They feel pain. They are aware. It's preposterous to say animals have no consciousness and function mindlessly, driven only by an exhaustive set of reflexes with no more consciousness that a knee rapped with hammer. But this common sense approach towards animals is just as un-provable.

As far as computers, MS-DOS is just a series of interrupts that are comparable to the reflex instinct. Theoretically, find enough locations to produce an autonomous reaction - your knees, ankles, hips, toes, fingers, arms, larynx -- and with nothing but a lot of hammer pecks, your body could perform a song and dance without consciousness being needed at all. Perhaps that's all animals are, just meatware and many many interrupts. No thoughts, not even basic dog thoughts. Lights on, nobody's home, actually nobody lives there.

A bit ridiculous to be sure, but no more a complete load of rubbish than the suggestion that a human mind can be downloaded and flashed to non-native hardware, when normal consciousness depends on the actual intended infrastructure having a quite close set of parameters just to keep you out of a coma.
Almost Everything that have read in the posts have focused on consciousness from a functionalism approach. I would like to argue for dualism and that consciousness is the awareness of the interaction of the interaction of the two forms. How does the form interact? The brain is of both forms. It is like how light can be both a particle and wave. Like how a black whole is rupture in space and time. The brain can move between forms and it does this in sleep. This is why in REM the brain looks like it awake but the body doesn't move. It is why without sleep we die.  So we exist in both forms and consciousness is the awareness of the that interaction. 

My big problem is the this bit

>When we say that animal X has consciousness we do not mean that animal X has the same kind of consciousness that we have.

It seems odd that we can say "animals cant have the same type of consciousness like us" but different humans can all share the same type.

It seems like this really arbitrary definition of the word, its defining the word based on participation of a species and not actually any thought processes, aspects of intelligence or anything else that is conceptually related to consciousness.

It means the simplest and most common argument against what you are saying is simply "I disagree with your definition of consciousness" and not with the argument itself.
>This can be contested, but it will be counterintuitive to say that a rat or a cow has the same kind of consciousness as humans do

This statement does not allow for consciousness to exist as a gradient. Implying consciousness exists as something that can be categorized negates the more likely scenario of it simply being a sum of "X" factors. 

By implying consciousness exists "differently" in humans than in animals implies that humans are necessarily "different" from animals, and I don't agree with that assumption. Other than consciousness, nothing differentiates us from animals, and you use that difference (which is truly a product) to reverse engineer a divide between us and other species. 

I read this post and thought "this is the same kind of attitude that people had about technology before it became so ubiquitous." like people saying that computers were never going to have much use because they are too big and expensive. The average person would never be able to afford one... 

You are judging the technology by your viewpoint of it today. The thing you need to understand is that we are on the edge of new types of ICs that are even more capable of the ones we currently employ. Intel has neuron-simulating ICs. There are quantum computers coming out that are capable of obscene amounts of calculation. Technology will continue to advance. 

In the biological sciences they are finding better ways to view, with visible light, the movement of molecules in and between cells. Every year there is an increased number of discoveries about how brains work. Chemistry, topography, psychology, knowledge leads to more knowledge and more questions! 

There is nothing special about the human mind that makes it impossible to duplicate or simulate. It is a computer that uses chemicals and ion channels instead of transistors and gates. We will get there,  but the tech just isn't there yet. We have about 10-20 years if research left,  tops. The interesting question is: should we? 

OP,  I respect your opinion and am not interested in disabusing you of it. But I would just like to point out that you are probably not knowledgeable enough to speak with authority on this subject. At least apparently,  you are a philosopher,  not a scientist. Not to put too fine a point on it,  OP,  but this isn't your lane. I know it feels like it is,  since classically consciousness was one of the unknowable subjects, like the origins of life and the meaning of human existence. Such is no longer the case. Rest easy: scientists all over the world are working on all of that. 
You may be interested in the recent subreddit /r/sciphilconsciousness which is devoted to the sharing and discussion of content related to the science and philosophy of consciousness.
Suppose we make a computer with enough computational power to simulate all the properties of a certain brain, it can do this with 100% accuracy because at this point we have a complete understanding of human brains and all possible physical/non-physical attributes there in to the point where these attributes can be programmed into a machine.

Suppose the brain being simulated was one of a person in an iron lung type device so that the body could not move much and the brain simulator was hooked up to a clone of the person whose brain was being simulated but the clone was missing a brain and it its place were connections from the computer to the correct nerves in the body to transmit and receive all the correct inputs and outputs as if the hook ups where of the brain to the body as oppose to the machine to the body.

Would the experience of consciousness of this simulated person not be human consciousness?

If the computer required to do the simulating could be made small enough to fit in the skull and thus the person were able to walk and talk and have all normal life functions save for having a mechanical brain, would this not be the same consciousness?

I agree that most ideas of artificial intelligence will not be that similar to humans in their manor of thinking, just as an submarine and a fish are different even if they do similar things, and that level of difference might exclude self-awareness as we seem to experience it, but this does not mean all mode of machine intelligence are so.
I disagree with the premises. We can only conclude any "kind" of consciousness because we compare it to our own. This suggests that we do have some tiny idea of what's it's like to be something else (like a bat). Premise 2 only follows by virtue of premise 1, but does not logically conclude in premise 3. I think the reasoning is valid, but on too shaky ground to be persuasive. it's a little circular too. IF I can say that computers show consciousness (but not human) THEN they don't have "human like" consciousness? Assuming what your trying to prove it seems.
I know that I'm late to the discussion, but I would like your opinion on the following article:  

http://www.sciencealert.com/a-robot-has-just-passed-a-classic-self-awareness-test-for-the-first-time  

Would you possibly identify the type of consciousness as 'human' enough to count toward an argument against your own? If not, could you explain why it wouldn't count? I am honestly interested in your opinion on the self awareness test, and whether or not a robot would prove its own consciousness by it?
Animals do not have the same consciousness that we do, they can't because they lack a prefrontal cortex. Computers could definitely be conscious if we could model them on the human brain, if we had a machine with the same neuronal structure as human, that was aware of itself it would be conscious.
In fact, I suggest reading neuroscience. You'll see that cells connected to neurons look very much the same as computer systems and they act much the same way.
MY CONCHUS SPECIAL BECAUSE I'M SPECIAL AND IT ARE FOR ME ONLY AND NOT YOU, DUMMY.
I think it's interesting how different an AI consciousness will be. Our minds are dominated by certain things that affect our actions. I'd say sexual desire is the strongest but things like hunger and pain might be also absent from an AI's 'mind'.
Yes words are always limited to humans 
Conciousness and self-awareness are two different things but you conflate them.

Bad boy bad boy go back to school and learn the difference.
Wrong. Consciousness is caused by ELECTRICITY. Any electrical circuitry that has a strong enough electromagnetic field has some sort of consciousness. Therefore all complex electrical matter has consciousness and human consciousness is the most advanced.
So what does this mean, In layman's terms? I'm lost. How is this applicable or relevant to our lives?
Is your assumption here that the Thing that survives the suicide is defined as the now brain-damaged experimenter?

Assuming that that is what is meant, than the argument that the Thing is imperishable makes sense as it is still technically *alive*, albeit not conscious in a traditional sense. 

Assuming that the Thing is the mind in a physical sense, it is still a sound argument that it lives on after the attempted suicide. But if it is consciousness that defines the Thing, then the the debate as to what lives on is very complicated. Assuming consciousness to be the awareness of situational stimuli, it has died. Assuming it to be the ability to think analytically, it could be argued that it lives on, albeit trapped in a static state of existence. 

Just a thought. Or am I totally off? 
"The life of Man is a long march through the night, surrounded by invisible foes, tortured by weariness and pain, towards a goal that few can hope to reach, and where none may tarry long. One by one, as they march, our comrades vanish from our sight, seized by the silent orders of omnipotent Death. Very brief is the time in which we can help them, in which their happiness or misery is decided. Be it ours to shed sunshine on their path, to lighten their sorrows by the balm of sympathy, to give them the pure joy of a never-tiring affection, to strengthen failing courage, to instill faith in hours of despair. Let us not weigh in grudging scales their merits and demerits, but let us think only of their need--of the sorrows, the difficulties, perhaps the blindnesses, that make the misery of their lives; let us remember that they are fellow-sufferers in the same darkness, actors in the same tragedy as ourselves. And so, when their day is over, when their good and their evil have become eternal by the immortality of the past, be it ours to feel that, where they suffered, where they failed, no deed of ours was the cause; but wherever a spark of the divine fire kindled in their hearts, we were ready with encouragement, with sympathy, with brave words in which high courage glowed."
"Brief and powerless is Man's life; on him and all his race the slow, sure doom falls pitiless and dark. Blind to good and evil, reckless of destruction, omnipotent matter rolls on its relentless way; for Man, condemned to-day to lose his dearest, to-morrow himself to pass through the gate of darkness, it remains only to cherish, ere yet the blow falls, the lofty thoughts that ennoble his little day"


Wishing everyone a pleasant and ennobled little day. 
> Yet, by death, by illness, by poverty, or by the voice of duty, we must learn, each one of us, that the world was not made for us, and that, however beautiful may be the things we crave, Fate may nevertheless forbid them. It is the part of courage, when misfortune comes, to bear without repining the ruin of our hopes, to turn away our thoughts from vain regrets. This degree of submission to Power is not only just and right: it is the very gate of wisdom.


Such passages make me feel that Philosophy does a good deal of what religion does: or religion is, in large part, philosophy.



wow that last paragraph is so powerful... reading this over morning coffee and it's an inspiration for my day. 

thank you for posting this. amazing.
I was hoping for Jean-Luc Picard, I guess I'll have to settle...
> The desire to fit in is the root of almost all wrongdoing

Couldn't agree more. The more people you add to a group the more they fall back on their animal nature. Their 'identity' vanishes and the killing, and torturing and raping beings again.

This sentence really hits the nail on the head.

> It’s not always, or even usually, the case that we do wrong because we lack respect for others. Often it’s because we lack respect for ourselves.
I dislike overgeneralizations like this. Nietzsche would say we can't possibly assume everyone has the same worldview as us. Each person has their own values, beliefs, and/or morals. It is fallacious to assume strict similarities with regards to those. I feel *most* people have a desire to fit in... but, to assume that is the root of **almost** all wrongdoing?? I can't agree at all. Some? Sure. How much? No clue. I can only speak for me (and that's assuming I know *me* as well as I think I do). And, how strong is that desire when weighted against other values and beliefs? Because that **will** change on a case by case basis. We are further complicated by the epistemology of it all: what does "desire to fit in" mean? You certainly define it much more broadly than I do.
I dont completely disagree but what abt the oppsite claim "most of humanity's good doing is the result of an instinctual desire to fit in"?
[removed]
I feel like greed is one of the biggest reasons.
In the novel 'I, Claudius' the narrator argues that most folks are weak and, if they wake up pirates or monks, will become a pirate or a monk by the end of the week.

He goes on to say that the four types of men who matter are good men with good hears [Jesus, MLK] bad men with bad hearts [Hitler, Stalin] good men with bad hearts [Torqumada, Cotton Mather] and the rearest type of all bad men with good hearts [Robin Hood].
> The desire to fit in is the root of almost all wrongdoing

Nope. A better way to put the article's point would be

> The desire to fit also contributes to human wrong doing

Eventually, the article more honestly explains its point:

> These examples and reflections on our own lives reveal an **underappreciated** moral lesson. It’s not always, or even usually, the case that we do wrong because we lack respect for others. Often it’s because we lack respect for ourselves.

Which leads me to believe that the title was needlessly "provocative". 

I'm going to fight the desire to "conform" with the majority of opinion on this site and honestly say this part put me off:

> Now, maybe you’re thinking that lying about your opinion of Donald Drumpf to placate your parents so you can eat your cranberry sauce in peace is no big deal.

American politics and scandal aside, I tend to not take such bias seriously. Perhaps it's just the contrarian in me speaking, but this example seemed needlessly biased. Especially when it intentionally chooses to appeal to ridicule (Drumpf) to make its point. 

Well, that's my two cents on this article. I respectfully disagree with the title and the author's way of putting across an otherwise fair point.
Absolutely true, and Kant correctly referred to this phenomenon as servility. 
[deleted]
I would argue against this. The very fact that they are looking to fit in means they are following some example. Someone has to do something bad, then tell them its ok and it is normal, to which they may follow after. Therefore the root would be the initial person urging them on, people trying to fit in are simply a catalyst.
Not sure about this notion at all. This is sometimes true, but... 
There are many horrible acts and people that are inherently DEVIANT. The word itself implies DIVERGENCE from norms of society and thereby separating oneself and/or one's actions from the other people and societal rules and customs. 
I'm not an expert, but this strikes me as too close to being a trusim. Yes - individuals often seek approval in their peer groups and do things they perceive as being acceptable to others in that group to be accepted or to gain status, but I'm pretty sure the authoritarian leaders you can list off who did the most terrible things weren't looking for approval, rather wanted to force others to fall in line and didn't care about the opinions of others.
Well... 

*"...These examples and reflections on our own lives reveal an underappreciated moral lesson. It’s not always, or even usually, the case that we do wrong because we lack respect for others. Often it’s because we lack respect for ourselves."*

Isn't this to assume that man is a piori (~beforehand, (born)) good - in the sense of morally correct?

If we assume that man is a priori evil, then isn't it so that being evil is to respect oneself? 

If we instead assume that man is neutral, then his indeed plastic (conformative) and thus following an evil command doesent mean that man is disrespecting himself.

TL;DR; to judge whether or not man is disrespecting himself we must first find out if man is a priori good, evil or neutral.   


"Muh bitches ain't bringin' in enough loot for me to be livin' large, an' shit!"
I really dislike the kind of wording this uses.

The desire to fit in isn't the root. The root is insecurity, which is a lower level emotional cause of this desire.

I'm fairly certain that there are lower tiers further, the causes of the insecurity, and possibly lower further causes.
Perhaps it's a wash. 

This author doesn't like the norms of certain demographics, clearly here the Trump supporting demographics. So the root of ills in those castes, the Trump liking caste, is not dissenting. I'd be curious if the author feels that wanting to "fit in" in more progressive social circles is also problematic.
I don't think so.  I think that people commit morally wrong actions because they deem non-moral values which are, in general, independent of moral value to be higher.  Also, sometimes the choice between a moral action and preference for a non-moral value with an immoral outcome is not actually that clear cut.

If you had to kill a baby so that everybody else on earth would live for an eternity with no pain, suffering, or loss of quality of life, would you do it?  Many would not because killing a baby would be the prime example of something which is morally wrong, but many would view the comission of a morally wrong act to be worth the exchange for utilitarian good.  

In fact, the same sort of debate happens with the Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombs.   Even if you think the adults were suspect for perhaps providing support to the Japanese war machine and were therefore responsible by proxy for violence, killing the *kids* in those cities was certainly morally wrong and had to be weighed against the utilitarian good of finishing the conflict.

Speaking of the "desire to fit in" is just a subset.  You are preferring what is good for your own life over what is morally right.  

The thing that people are less willing to admit is that morally wrong choices may be more salient and wise than morally right choices.
Almost all is kind of a powerful term. A lot, if not most "evil" comes from trying to achieve power or pleasure. For example serial killers, bankers, poliyicians, etc. Fitting in seems to mostly include things such as gang violence. Unless you think that the former are trying to fit in with powerful people.
I'd say that ever single world problem comes down to a person with too large an ego or too much insecurity.
we're afraid of being rude, because love can often come across as tough love. 
The real question is... the wrongdoing to who?  
I noticed this at my last job.  One on one most people were nice, or at least civil.  In a group they were dicks, trying to impress each other.   
Just wanted  to say I was watching the x files'  acadia when I saw this thread and it gave me the (mild) creeps
I think I lack the desire to fit in. I have never joined groups. I was raised in a religious family and I am the only one to never care about the church or its teachings. I was forced to join cub scouts. That lasted a year. I started my own business and work alone. I am a man who carries a purse because IDGAF what my friends say. I still go to movies by myself. I do get in some trouble here and there tho.
No, absolutely not. There's just too much cultural baggage in "wrongdoing." Nietzsche etc...
I'd rephrase it to say "the fear of rejection".
Isn't it also the root of all right-doing?

We learn how to be non-psychopaths through trying to fit in with others too. We do something wrong, get rejected, and try to do better next time. Socialization is key to developing a moral and ethical compass, and trying to fit in is a key part of that.

It seems to me the issue is who you are trying to fit in with. If the people around you are quality people, trying to fit in will make you a better person. If the people around you are lousy, trying to fit in will make you worse.
> It’s not always, or even usually, the case that we do wrong because we lack respect for others. Often it’s because we lack respect for ourselves.

Interesting conclusion considering he childishly insults someone two paragraphs before.  

Personally, I think the article fails in it's lack of consideration of biological instincts and broader cultural influences.  In other words, our brain is, at it's core, a highly developed survival tool.  Thus self interest is always the foundation of our actions.  Sometimes that self-interest isn't for personal survival but the survival of a loved one, a family, or a tribe.  As part of that, we feel the need to conform to the will of the tribe for the purposes of the survival of the tribe.  So the perceived needs of the tribe can override the more basic moral imperatives.  For example, a soldier may have little compunction about killing another person because the soldier believes the survival or prosperity of his own people (tribe) is threatened and that threat is abated by the death of this other individual.  
An interesting idea, yes. I would qualify this further. The "desire to fit in" that lies at the root of "wrongdoing" (however we define that, but I assume we might describe it as self-destructive and human-destructive behaviour) is not the desire for companionship and social contact, which all share, but the desire for affiliation that leads to the perception of in-groups and out-groups; political belonging rather than emotional, which not all humans share (a vast majority do, but non-tribalists exist). 

Most people exist within a political framework, and they share a worldview defined (whether they acknowledge it or not) in terms of certain perceptual grids; structures established by a combination of neurology and the input of others (input that takes hold all the swifter for those inclined to conform to what they observe in, or are fed by, others - as most social animals are). It enables easier navigation, and tracking of status within the social order, because the grid can be shared and all external matters or stimuli can be related to points on that grid, allowing a cohesive response from all community members. Thus, people view the world *in terms* of these perceptual grids. At initial response to stimuli, this means that things only tend to register in certain ways; they reach the person through the grid and are automatically shaped by it. On the level of decision making - analysis of incoming data, we might say - there is a strong psychological need to maintain and strengthen the grid, as it is the ward against chaos, the means by which one knows that they have status and position within a group structure. Anything that can be interpreted in terms that confirm or sustain that grid (that reinforce the assumptions on which it relies) will be made prominent and worthy of attention, and this will in turn reinforce the supposed validity of the grid. Conversely, anything that might be seen to conflict with the grid, and challenge the assumptions that inform the worldview in question, is either twisted, contextualized or interpreted in a manner that actually reinforces that grid (or at least fits comfortably enough within it), or else it is downplayed, if not discarded entirely. On occasion, it is violently rejected. Once a belief system is in place, then reality can be understood only in terms of that filter, so long as the filter remains in place; indeed, the grid is supposed to in fact *be* reality. The assumptions will always look reasonable, for they are seen to - obviously - match up with reality. If you place a blue film over your eyes, the world appears blue.

Often conflicting input that might threaten one's emotional security is simply not registered at all.

Most humans are tribalist. They naturally locate themselves within smallish group structures, their motives being almost paradoxical. On the one hand they seek security through conformity, through knowing they are one with the group, and they modify their behaviour and thinking to match those around them. Paradoxically, they desire individual status and thus jostle for position and recognition. This is the basis of all tribal politics. 

Tribalists are dependent on their grids. They tend not to appreciate anything that disagrees with their notion that the world is blue, so to speak. Sometimes they attack it. Often they just discard it as not worth causing conflict over - most people prefer allies to foes (although we must keep in mind that societal aggression - jostling, posturing, signalling - is inherent to the tribalist, and normal to their social interaction). However, if the input openly threatens the integrity of the ideological grid - and thus, on the level of basic motive, the security of the individual in question - that input is treated as illegitimate. As, often, is the one bringing this alternative forward. Tribalists do not mourn the refuse that they discard. If it couldn't incorporate and thereby serve the system in some form, then good riddance to it. Input must reinforce the worldview that serves to provide the desired security, status, and promise of needs met that group membership brings to the social animal (and plenty of opportunities for signalling and posturing, too, which is where their desires and impulses turn when survival is no longer an immediately pressing concern. Classic tribal behaviour - they fight and squabble for status, but comes the outsider and they’re back-to-back). Challenges are only tolerated if they don't challenge at all. Which is why I'd claim that the bulk of any society is conservative and reactionary, and those who proclaim themselves agents of change usually are not. Instead they reinforce the system with a few proposed tweaks in place, unwilling to truly threaten the very structure that they manipulate and ride into positions that benefit them. You stir the pot, certainly (political manoeuvring in large part depends on this, as the current order must be shaken up somewhat to allow movement, and the order reforms slightly altered in the aftermath), but you don't break the pot or scoop all the broth into a new pot. 

What this reduces to then, is that people often believe they're doing things for one reason - often quite sincerely - when really they're driven by other motives entirely. When certain behaviours or attitudes do not measure up to the stated definition of what one is and does, that is because the stated definition is mere noise, signalling, and a non-tribalist knows that such is not to be taken seriously. 

One’s own societal and economic system is dependent on certain ideological positions and received truths being in ascendance, and certain left unquestioned, leading a worldview to privilege certain conceptual paths while leaving others untaken, no matter the benefit or even necessity of doing so. Society must be defined along certain lines that avoid the pitfalls of awareness or dissent that might threaten and challenge the tribal structure - and thus the security of the individuals who are found among it.

Most people affiliate with structured groups - religious, political, ideological. Often they'll even equate the group with their personal identity. It's not "my theistic beliefs are Christian", it's "I'm a Christian". These groups are of many sizes, but politics will always reduce them down to the instinctively "correct" size when not united against a shared outsider (and an alliance is fluid by definition; one does not create peace through unity against a common foe, the tribal system has long incorporated allowance of temporary cooperation without the need to create enduring ties). The result, of course, is layered shells of affiliated identity, with the self right at the middle. 

The average person, being tribalist, is eternally aware of other people. They are locked into a framework of power politics. Who is this person? Where do I know them from? Where do they stand in relation to me? What do we owe each other? Rival, asset, threat? Continually seeking both to conform to what the primates behind and to either side of them are thinking or doing in order to be accepted, and to assert their individual status and so stand out. (This often means attacking the “acceptable targets” - those further to the fringes of the all-important group. Those that are different are treated with vague hostility - in the case of those that are different and *threatening*, it's no longer “vague").

Empathy is a poor trait to endow with ethical significance. Compassion, I would argue, is far superior. Compassion transcends the limitations of the tribal model, whereas empathy, by its very nature, is dependent upon an ability to define the other and oneself within the same parameters, and the capacity to do this drops off sharply when a tribalist confronts an outsider, one who does not endorse or strengthen the narratives underpinning their sense of social security. 

Consider rules. Most people bend and stretch the rules for their own gain, while loudly decrying any violation from others. Thus the nature of rules is to chain the competition, and to provide a means by which community aggression can be bought to bear against those who threaten one's security and prosperity, or that of one's in-group. Rules are considered paramount in spite of the individual's own sense that they are rightly an exception, because the absence of a framework of rules and implied communal punishment for their violation is equated with chaos, itself equated with insecurity and thus vulnerability. The tribalist views acknowledgement or implied validation of a political perspective as shared allegiance, whereas they should more usefully (in my opinion) hold no allegiance and be interested in the overall shape of the system and its functionality.

What is the first rule of tribalists? "It's different when we do it".

Without the desire to fit in as I have qualified it here - without tribal politics - there is no inherent sense of being part of a structured group. There is certainly a sense of community, of the emotional sense of connection, and there is the legal and moral framework that is established, negotiated and happily submitted to but there is no sense of inherent allegiance. Indeed, groups are the bad guys, for they warp the community like gravity wells in the fabric of space time. Caught between the rules and tribal self-betterment, the tribalist goes with the latter, seeing rules as a framework to "catch out" others and limit the competition. Rules are for the rival, not for you. The needs of the community, which consists of individuals, will not be met when tribal group identification and affiliation - and the various social structures that are inherent there - occur.


Maybe it's that we don't respect ourselves enough, but I think maybe it is that we don't respect our individual ability and obligation to contribute to the broader community. Even if you respect yourself, if you fear or believe your values will not be accepted or taken seriously, then it is easy to mute your voice and inaction/groupthink becomes the easy alternative. Yes, respect yourself, but maybe more importantly respect your individual purpose for being a part of community. It's simpler to do wrong when it doesn't see consequential in a meaningful way.
I get the point and very much agree with most of it but using the word "root" does not sit right... "perpetuating force" perhaps, but not "root". I believe the root is violent tribal mammalian evolution in conjunction with ego and seeing ones body/mind as separate instead of feeling and perceiving *all* of us as one.
"find on this page 'sartre' - 0 hits" - wow. uh, nobody? kind of relevant. oh well ya crazy kids...
>But Kant also says that you shouldn’t treat yourself as a mere means

This.
I'm so glad I read this. I think I've lived in servility for most of my life. I feel enlightened putting a word to it and knowing that I don't have to appease anyone, and that in fact I'm more honest and liberated if I don't. 
>With this ring on your finger, you can seize the presidency, rob Fort Knox and instantly become the most famous person on the planet. So, would you do it?

Yes. Probably would kill some people who look at me the wrong way too, on my way to kill a lot of people that have rubbed me the wrong way, just because I could do so.

>Although most assume that an immoral person is one who’s ready to defy law and convention to get what they want, I think the inverse is often true. Immorality is frequently motivated by a readiness to conform to law and convention in opposition to our own values. In these cases, it’s not that we care too little about others; it’s that we care too much.

I agree the inverse is often true, but I argue the inverse is still far less common. Much more 'evil' action stems from things like desire for self-gain with a lack of concern or empathy for those one would effect, and from peoples' sense of pride and egos, than from joining in laughing at a coworker who is being picked on. Which I also consider to be in the light gray area, 'not nice', not exactly the black area of 'evil' on a moral spectrum. 

>Doing the wrong thing is, for most of us, pretty mundane. It’s not usurping political power or stealing millions of dollars.

What if doing the wrong thing is truely routine and somewhat mundane for a *lot* of people, as in the case of shoplifters? I would say shoplifting is a darker gray  on the moral spectrum of evil. Worse than laughing at a racist joke to avoid causing problems. 

I don't agree that scenarios where you are not completely honest and vocal about your opinions is evil at all, although the desire to fit in is relevant to that. I think the root of most wrong doing tends to be exactly what you said most people think of, defying laws and conventions (like, the idea you should be nice and not stab people you just don't like) for self gain.  
So, basically we will never have peace. 
To those who haven't checked it out, aeon is pretty great
Responsible for all evil? I wouldn't say that. Yes, it is a human instinct that can easily be taken advantage of, but it is not the center of all evil. The "desire to fit in" can be used for both good and evil. I think the article was a bit non-explorative in this way.
What is wrong can be culturally forced itself;
Some people are just evil;

Also, wrongdoings can prevent you from fitting in. If I start calling everyone here a motherfucker, I'll definitely won't fit in.
> The desire to fit in is the root of almost all wrongdoing   
    
Nothing but the author's opinion
And the root of almost all rightdoing.

It is called the will to power, and that's just how things are.
Low effort blog posts like this should not get so much attention. The claim is false and under-supported. Inequality and the treatment of animals aren't explained by "fitting in" very well and they are two of the largest instances of wrongdoing in history. 
I do not disagree with the dangers of the desire to fit in, and the consequences of it. However, i'd like to stress that a lot of harm could be done by people who do not seek group consensus. People who seek not to conform may be a complete nuisance to deal with, and at the worst end destructive both to himself and the group. 
The Bible disagrees:

https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=1+Timothy+6%3A10&version=KJV
Explains my doing the right thing every time. I will DIE before I am seen as one of you, and I don't just mean millennials 
So, then True Neutral God is still on the table?
First off: such BEAUTIFUL, smart, and funny animation! I was extremely impressed.

I enjoyed this as a discussion on how neither the problem of evil (for a good God) and of good (for an evil God) are knock-down arguments. Would've been stronger if he hadn't made the leap to theistic ontology on the premise: "if we can be pretty sure there's not an evil god, and that the probability of there being an evil vs. a good god are the same, then we can be pretty sure there's not a good god." 

I don't think he's reasonably even begun to establish the premise that solutions to problems of evil show that evil/good god existence probabilities are similar, nor the premise that we can be pretty sure that an evil god doesn't exist (if his argument is directed only at people who already accept this latter premise then he doesn't have to prove it, but it makes the argument quite narrowly scoped). 

There's some weird burden of proof thing going on here I can't quite put my finger on. He's saying 

1. The problem of evil doesn't knock down good or bad gods

2. Therefore we can't eliminate the possibility of there being good or bad gods 

3. There are not bad gods.

4. Therefore neither exist. 
this argument is bullshit. He assumes evil god "can't exist" because people dislike the concept, not because it's impossible...

But in broader terms this has never sat well as a debunk with me. It assumes a shared psychology of what is considered good by "god", which is an assumption
I'm stuck on why evil god allowed free will. 
Let's say a god exists, there is no reason to suggest that he must be either good or evil. Would you say you're next door neighbor is pure good or pure evil? Why god must be defined good or evil? Aren't we all working towards what we believe to good.

Take the monoistic concept of Satan, the devil. The devil is considered evil. But why? What are his motivations? Arguably he loves god, so much so that he believes that man will never love him as He should be loved. He 'tempts' man into sinning to prove to God how bad man is. I wouldn't define his intentions as good or evil towards god. From our perspective we consider it as evil.  Evil and good is completely relative, where subjects, actions, motivations cannot be objectively distinguished in two binary poles. 

In many Jewish beliefs, it is believed that unlike there Christian God, their God is in fact fallible. And many of things we believe to be good or evil can be explained by his fallibility.

In the Koran, God is referred to as great, merciful, forgiving, loving...etc. but never explicitly good, or evil! Avoiding the binary logic of good or evil.
He doesn't give a reason why good or evil God do or do not exist. He only shows that God might be evil.  But at the end he says we can be pretty sure there's no good or evil God... Yet that conclusion was not supported by his premise.  So he is not a good philosopher. 
I'm not sure this is a strong argument. 

Isn't the notion of an "evil" God a notional and/or linguistic impossibility?  
.... because historically the very notion of "good" is to be in moral *alignment* with God (and/or God's will), and the very notion of "evil" is to be against God's morality or will.  (only in our current secular times do we think of other markers for "good", such as utilitarianism, reciprocity, etc.) 

The very notion of an "evil God" is absurd and a contradiction, because "evil God" presupposes an objective morality ("evil") *beyond* "God"... which cannot be, if there is indeed a God.   

Put differently:  if torturing cute kittens were part of God's divine plan, then we would all see torturing kittens as "good"--because it is in alignment with God's will.

Or, alternately, "love" might actually be "evil" by some overarching standard.  But we will never 'see' that standard if there is a God...because God promotes love. 

If we accept (or postulate) that there is a God, then any and every notion of morality must be aligned with that God.
The idea of an "evil" God only works if you a priori don't accept the idea of God. 
Unfortunately, the way this video began troubled me. "The world has too much suffering for it to be the creation of a good god."

Why not? How much suffering is too much? Who makes that qualification? Also, considering the absolute and objective nature of God's existence, how can we qualify it based on something as subjective as suffering?

It seems far too common to equate the two (on the basis of, perhaps, semantics) when such an imposing question is at stake.
I don't get it... how does he jump to the: "We can be pretty sure there is no evil god"?

How can we be pretty sure there is no evil god?
I lost my shit when the puppet guy slapped the little puppet girl
Isn't this confusing two different arguments?

1. God exists

2. God is omnipotent, and good.

I don't think anyone believes a good god exists simply based on good things or actions that are. Even if anyone did believe that, the arguments for or against a good, evil, or trans-moral god would only matter if you deal with the, does god exist question. This might be a good argument if you think a god that is not good exists, but it doesn't seem relevant to whether or not a god exists at all.
Hey guys. I know the illustrator/animator who did this. Go show some love https://www.instagram.com/wiffeney/
Literally a devil's advocate. Well done. My problem is that a thought provoking argument has been laid out as if to get the audience to question spirituality, then the narrator's personal opinion is ignobly blurted out in the last second of the video.
First of all, can an evil God even exist? Perhaps back in the time of the capricious, human-like gods of the ancient pantheons, but isn't in some religions God literally the source of all morality? And not in the sense that God only wills what is good, but that whatever He wills is good by definition. Perhaps in a universe with an evil God, we'd think burning toddlers and racism were virtues. We wouldn't know, unless there was a way to know good and evil without God, which is hard to defend when you're already assuming God exists.

But even if we allow for a concept of good and evil distinct from God, I still don't think either god seems just as likely. I think most people, allowing for just a small amount of moral realism, would agree that as a whole humanity has become more good, and we're more capable of dealing with the apathetic evils of nature. Sure, there's still a lot of evil and suffering in the world, but violence and wars are at an all time low, slavery, although it sadly still exists, isn't an integral part of society anymore, and the odds of dying from any kind of disease has gone way down. Even if utopia isn't quite in reach yet, this all doesn't seem like it would be part of a universe created by an evil God.
The concept of one god is relatively new anyway. Before Judaism everyone was pagan and gods weren't necessarily good or bad, you just prayed to them all in hopes that they would help you out. 

I liked the perspective of this video though. Never thought about the argument of a "bad" god. 
Indifferent God?
Is it safe to assume that an evil god giving free will has the same motivations, or even has only inverse motivations for the same actions that a good god has? Why would a good god give free will for the inversely same reasons that an evil god would? He's trying to mirror the argument in order to refute it, but doesn't this narrow down morality too much?

And there are plenty of "evil" gods by modern western Christian standards. Kali, hades, shiva, virtually any God that is traditionally considered pagan is often amoral or down right evil to non worshippers. Even older Jewish beliefs sometimes portray their god as being somehow above our understanding of morality. 

Did god create choice and free will? Did he do it for the reasons stated above? Wouldn't this mean that god could've also not given free will? If god giving free will was an act of goodness, and if it was the only option of a good god as is the required judgement for this refutation to work, then is it not more plausible that the evil god would refuse to create free will, which is itself considered a good act? 

An evil god is just as likely to take away free will as he is to give it, but a good god could never be good without free will. They cannot mirror each each other. This video is a very narrow refutation of a very specific set of explanations, any one of which can be tweaked to nullify the refutation. I don't think what he's trying to refute is a very strong argument for god to begin with, so maybe that's why I find his mirrored argument so problematic. 


He is using "good" and "bad" as objective words. If they are objective, then there must be an ultimate good or an ultimate bad. That would be your God. 
Evil God world would look much worse than this world does. Just a few minor changes and you could have a lot more hardship for everyone.
There's no argument for why we're pretty sure the bad god and the good god don't exist. 
I really don't think these two are equivalent. Why would an evil God want to "free" us? Who cares? If you're pure evil you don't give a rat's ass about shit like responsibility or authenticity. 

Also: re: the video itself, lmao. Dude is ugly for a cartoon 
"Creatures are not born with desires unless satisfaction for these desires exists. A baby feels hunger; well, there is such a thing as food. A duckling wants to swim; well, there is such a thing as water. Men feel sexual desire; well, there is such a thing as sex. If I find in myself a desire which no experience in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that I was made for another world."

-C.S. Lewis
A simple answer to this problem is that free will doesn't exist, which undermines the idea of God "cutting the strings" on us. Arguing that is tricky though. I personally think the writing is on the wall that free will is nonsense, but a lot of people struggle just to honestly entertain the thought.
Great for most of it. Clear ideas, funny animations, lovely accent. And then he says 

> we can be pretty sure there is no evil god..

And it all goes to Hell. He doesn't justify this claim in the slightest. The best he does is to suggest that no one believes in such an evil god, but that's not evidence that evil god doesn't exist (there was a time when no one believed there were black swans, or when no one believed that the Sun was at the center of the universe).

All that the theist--like me--needs to do to be coherent is not deny the possibility of an evil god on the grounds that there is good in the world. But, it's fair game for us to point out other reasons to favor the good god hypothesis over the evil god one.
What do you guys think of this? Not saying it is right but just my ideas, I'd love to get feedback and see what you think. Also I posted this below as well.

agreed, it's not a strong argument and I feel like it always come back to the base idea that if there were a God, he/she/it should be good and how can a "good" God let bad things happen.

I'd love to get your take on the following:
I never understood the argument that God made evil, as from my religious upbringing it has always been explained as such:

1. God is good, he does nothing that harms people.
2. We all choose to come and to exist and therefore knew what we were getting into.
3. God is for the most part really really hands off.
4. The natural world/law of the universe are that, universal. Not so much created by God as just eternal laws that cannot be changed.
5. God sets everything in motion and let's the system run.
6. God gives all living things free will to act on their own and he will not intervene.

Therefore bad things happening do not equate no God as God is more of a watcher then a doer. He might choose to help a group out for his big plan but other times millions can die, it's fine, that's just how the system runs. Basically that's life, life is made to be not great as a way to teach and let people learn. Yeah you might die but you were alive before birth and will continue after so...it's not that big of a deal in the eternal sense.

Another way of saying it is that God didn't make Hitler or diseases or rape and murder. Nature makes them as the system runs/or we choose how to act. Want to murder someone, go ahead, you've got free will to do whatever it is you want. And Nature does nature...it changes and creates as the system runs.
The way I see it, a true omnipotent god doesn't have to pay a price for anything because true omnipotence does what it wants without paying a price. The fact this "omnipotent" being cannot consistently create naturally good humans should be enough to say it is not omnipotent. If it is not omnipotent then it is not a god. 
His first mistake is that he automatically assumes all religions believe in a good god(s), when such is not the case. See Greek mythology.  He immediately lumps polytheism with monotheism, specifically, Christianity and Judaism (and also Islam?), and assumes that all other religions follow the ideals of Christianity (or Judaism) on why evil exists. I understand that I am biased, but you can't lump all religions together and only attack Christianity. Like trying to say why a group of people should be imprisoned and only addressing abd accusing one of the crowd.
The problem of evil can be refuted in just such a manner as first proposed, and let's suppose for the sake of argument that the same refutation works for a "problem of good" which claims that an evil god cannot exist because there is good.

Ok, so it's "just as likely" that both of these gods exist. Why does no one believe in an evil god? Even though Law can explain why his evil god allows good in the same way that a theist would explain why a good god allows evil, he is neglecting *other evidence* for (a good) God's existence. St. Thomas Aquinas' five ways come first to mind. There is no analogous argument for any of the five ways that would prove the existence of an *evil* god, and this is because the five ways themselves are proving the existence of a *good* god.

We have good reason, via Aquinas' five ways, to believe in a good god which may allow evil. We have no such reason to believe in an evil god which may allow good.
I'd say that some branches of Christianity believe that good things are good by virtue of God declaring them good. Obviously most of them will also argue that God's commandments will for the most part also be best for humanity, but they say that even if you can't understand the moral reasoning behind something, assume it is good if it comes from God. In some branches of Christianity that can even be extended to things often thought of as evil by most people, such as certain forms of suffering in the world. I am mostly talking about sotereological calvinism here, because most calvinists don't say that free will is the explanation for evil in the world.

Most will say that any evil in the world is simply for a greater good in the end, and it is all part of God's plan. Some evil is used in mysterious ways, like how God used the sins of Joseph's brothers in Genesis to save a significant part of the world from starvation, and sometimes evil is done for something which will not work itself out until the end of time. Now whether or not that is a coherent position, I'll leave to you, but free will is not the universal explanation for theism.

Of course, you could also argue for an evil calvinistic god. One who allows good in the world because it eventually causes more suffering when people finally suffer and die. A lot more people die unhappy than happy. In fact, that is probably a more convincing argument than for a good calvinistic god... 
I actually believe in a Evil God. I'm a perennial philosopher and I believe in the Godhead and that it can be experienced by humans. I think God is generally Good, in that his intentions are for the best. He thinks a more righteous creation is one where human beings are free to choose between good and evil. If you choose to do good you are superior to someone who is forced into doing good. I think that allowing or creating evil then makes God an evil being, which he rectifies by sacrificing his Son, basically purifying His will. So I think my God is not benevolent at the moment (we would be living in Heaven), but is not necessarily malevolent either (intentionally trying to cause harm).
Did someone already ask about neutral god, is there something about that?
I wonder if those two situations are equivalent.  Both evil and good god cut our strings so that we are responsible for our actions. However, I would contend that humanity generally values those things which are morally good over those which are morally evil.  Left to our own devices most of us will try to maximize good actions and/or minimize evil ones.  It would be detrimental for an evil god to cut our strings since most of us would try to maximize good.  So it would appear that good and evil gods actions cannot be mirror images to achieve the goals of maximizing good or evil respectively.  For that to happen human beings would need to value good and evil actions equally.  Any comments?
Why would evil god give people free will? The whole point of the good god free will argument is that a good god gives free will because free will is the best thing he can give you, but having free will means people can do bad things. The free will explanation for a good god does not translate exactly to just a way to explain a good god that can also be applied for an evil god. An evil god would not give people free will. 
[removed]
Guys. If you want to discover new dimensions of religious complexity, just read the Anurag Sagar. It contains a quiet nice creation myth explaining the good/evil dilemma. Learn - and have fun!
I suppose the existence of an indifferent God is not above imagination?
Why would an evil god cut the strings? Isn't individual freedom ultimately a good thing and thereby something an evil god would not allow? 

Those who propose a good god, say that he would rather be served by those who do so willingly, even though some may not choose to do so. 

Conversely, wouldn't an evil god want to be served no matter what and wouldn't care if it were by choice or by force? 
The gnostics basically believed in an evil demiurge. I mean, it's not like the idea is so foreign even to Abrahamic religions. When you look at Greek and Roman gods, they're just complete assholes.
Not necessarily, all you need is a god or God who is an unmoved or primary agent, the cause of the universe, the attributes can be argued but are more or less meaningless, because there are plenty of arguments that don't deal with the "god" but rather the probability of the existence of a prime mover based on the rules and laws of the universe around us. 
Interesting argument.  I'm still trying to get my head around it though and an not entirely sure what it is trying to show.  It seems to depend very strongly on a point made toward the beginning that evil in the world is itself strong evidence for the nonexistence of a good God. It then goes on to show that "free will" is not an explaination that can by itself overcome this point because "free will" is an equally plausable explaination for why we would find good in a world created by an evil God.  

That seems right to me as far as it goes, but  it seems to  miss (maybe?) a very important thing. I think that most theists who believe in a good God do so for reasons largely independent of the claim that the world is a good place--that is why its called the "problem of evil."  Its only a "problem" to them because they feel that there are strong reasons independent of the observed/experienced evil of and in the world for them to belive in a good God.  Free will is used to explain evil in this world, but the only reason it calls so strongly for an explaination is the independent belief in a good God. 

So I think most theists would grant that "free will" is an equally good explaination for good in the world if an evil God were assumed to exist, and then shrug.  

They would say that they have no (or few) independent reasons to believe that there is an evil God so there is no need to address a "problem of good."  What is accomplished by showing that free will could address a "problem of good" as well as it could address a "problem of evil?" 

Am I off base or missing something obvious?  I think I must be failing to see some context or additional assuptions of the argument.
I love the animation, and I ultimately agree with the conclusions. That said, though, I don't see the "good god/free will" justification and the "evil god/free will" justification as equivalent, since I think that free will can be seen as a good in and of itself, but I have a hard time conceiving of it as an evil in and of itself. Which is to say, a "good god" actually gets something in exchange for the suffering, by allowing free will which is (for the sake of argument) good. It may be that free will is such a good that it compensates for the suffering which stem from its attendant choices. So a god who is good and wants to bring good into the world may be doing so. But I have a harder time wrapping my head around the argument that an evil god, who wanted to make the world a horrible place, would gain something by cutting the strings and allowing for free will, or that the presence of free will might itself be an evil that would thus compensate the evil god for the "good" choices some of us might thereby make. 
Maybe god knows it's good to experience both good and evil. So you can appreciate the depths and distinction of both. The inherent self destruction that comes from pursuing either, argues the necessity of both.
I don't like this argument because the general modern consensus is that  'Free Will' is a good thing.  Evil god would not cut the strings for the sake of giving free will, regardless of what he wants us to do with it.  

The argument for 'good god' cutting the strings is that he values free will more than 100% goodness.  If you think about it that way, a world with free will is better than a world where there is nothing bad.  Therefore, free will is good.  

Along the same vein, people don't like to be controlled.  Therefore, puppet god would be considered evil.

In the end however, this is a shallow conversation because whether or not this argument works is a matter of how closely these gods match the human opinion of good and evil. People themselves can't even agree on what's good and what' evil.  Clearly there is a whole spectrum between good and evil and each point on the spectrum could be interpreted differently by a different person (or god).

These kind of thought experiments seem silly to me because it requires a close-minded starting point of defining good and evil.  Things this subjective simply can't provide concrete conclusions.


A thoughtful argument, and a good video with beautiful visuals!

What I appreciate most about this presentation is its prodding approach; it doesn't go all out in asserting a position, but instead provokes debate.
Statnists are belived evil, but how many people have they killed compared to any other religions?



Id' like to see a graph of that on r/dataisbeautiful
All this debate about god being good or evil... Maybe these are just human constructs... If there was any ultimate consciousness, maybe it doesn't care what humans do to each other. 
This is a terrible comparison. An evil god would never cut the strings because evil controls by its own nature.
The argument for a good God isn't just "free will." I think the strongest argument in this scenario is who determines what "good" is? For example, someone who steals may not think what they are doing is bad because they're trying to provide for a loved one. The majority of humanity would see this as bad because it is taking from someone who rightfully earned it. Who gets the say in which side is good or bad?

If you argued because most of humanity agree it is bad, then good or bad, right or wrong is always evolving with culture, and persecution of slaves was always right because the majority of humanity agreed.

But theists would argue that the idea of a perfect line that divides good and bad does not come from humanity, but an eternal being.
Not sure why it's "obvious" that there is no God.  Or at least it's not "less obvious" that there isn't.  Sorry about the double negatives here, but "unobvious" is a problematic word.  If we look at the world and say everything in it-- biological and otherwise-- has some creator or at least initial agent, it would appear "obvious" that the same holds true of galaxies. Isn't it "less obvious" that the known universe has no origin, or was made from nothing?   I know of nothing in the natural world that came from nothing. Can you show me an example?  The suggestion is fantastic.  No one has the answer-- it is unknown.  There is no certainty on either side.  I am suggesting a possibility based upon the only evidence I have, which is observational, and admittedly flawed.  But it appears "more obvious" that there is some origin.  I'm not saying it's a big white dude with a beard, or even any individual-- it could be artificially generated, or it might be a simulation.  Both of these imply intelligence on the other end.  The actor need not be "good" or "evil" in our primitive understanding.  

The most depressing thought I've had lately is that in the afterlife, if such exists, I'll find out that things are controlled on our planet by the same politicians, kings and emperors we put in office. It would explain a lot.
**NOTE**: I placed this comment further down one thread but after seeing a lot of people misinterpret what the goal/function of this video/paper is, I thought I might just put it up on the top level.

I do not think that his argument is meant to exclude the possibility that ANY god exists, just that there is no evidence/reason to think that a specific god exists. I think he is, in fact, arguing successfully for the lack of a god defined in a specific way. We have to approach this paper/video within the frame of the discussion that gave birth to it. That is to say that this is meant to be a reply to the religious believer (particularly christian) and their common statements of belief. To illustrate…

**General Philosophical Question**: Where did the universe come from, or why is it here?

**Xtian**: My god created and sustains the universe. Only MY god exists, and he can be defined as omnipotent, omniscient, and omnibenevolent.

**Law**: A god as you have defined it cannot exist due to the state of the world.

**Xtian**: What do you mean?

**Law**: Well, the problem of evil/suffering (e/s). The world is full of evil. Your god as you have defined it would/could not allow the world to be so full of preventable e/s due to (his) nature. Therefore, either your god is 1.) unaware of the e/s and is thus not omniscient, 2.) unable to stop the e/s and therefore not omnipotent, or 3.) is indifferent about or enjoys the e/s and therefore not omnibenevolent. Therefore, your god, as you define it, cannot exist.

**Xtian**: God allows e/s to happen because this is required to allow free will. Free will is inherently necessary for agency and thus is necessary for moral action to exist. Without it, we would be blameless robots, and morality ultimately serves the ‘higher purpose’ he as constructed us and the universe for. Through this free will and our sinning e/s enters the world.

**Law**: This argument, however, can be used to support the existence of a god of ANY nature. For instance the Evil God. (video/paper exists here)… If the world we see before us is equally viable evidence for a morally opposed Supreme Being to the one you believe in (or anything in between), then there is no reason to believe in precisely your god and therefore it is a poor explanation for the existence of the universe. While this does not disprove the existence of your god (or any other god) it does highlight the question of whether your god is any more likely that any other god. To put a fine point on it, the world we see most strongly supports the existence of either an indifferent god, a morally nihilistic god, a god unable to meaningfully change things, an absent god (deist), or a god that does not exist. You may be able to defend your faith in other ways, but this is not one of them.

**Edit**: '...And as the burden of proof lies with those making the positive assertion, it is upon the Xtian to do so.'

His conclusion is completely counterintuitive.

1.  Evil God and God God are both possible

Ok he shows how you can argue this

2. Evil God is unlikely because the world is to nice.

A bit arbitrary but I understand your reasoning

3. Since we can guess there is no evil God there probably isn't a good god.

Wait, wait?  The proof for you to say there probably isn't an evil God is that the world is to good.  That proof then by default must lend itself to the idea that a good God is more likely, and therefore there is not an equal chance of either God (although both are possible).

Totally falls apart at the conclusion like most philosophers.  He started with and idea he wanted to prove and twisted his logic to "prove" it.

That's why in almost every religion God has a counterpart, or there is another God that is responsible for everything that the main God would not want. There was Anubis, Hades, Lucifer, gods of the underworld, gods of death and such. The evil God argument has its limits because relates faith to a god, and not faith to the erotism of immortality.

Good or evil is the problem, good and evil are humans interpretation of our phenomenological lives and God evilness or goodness depends on cultural constructions. Many religions see the gods of other religions as the counterpart of their own god. In other ages, many cultures had rituals of sacrifice to their God, and today we could assume that a God who damanded such ritual is evil.
If we were born with no eyes, and had no concept of light what so ever, would we even consider light? Would it even exist in our imagination? Why do we even have a curiosity of an idea that doesn't exist to some extent?

 And why do we argue about it if we TRULY believe either side? For instance if a Christian really believes that we are saved why argue with someone who doesn't believe they are saved, wouldn't you just let them be in peace with what they believed and KNOW what you believe to be true? Likewise, if religious people are all nuts why convince them what you KNOW to be true? 

What is the point? Pride? Satisfaction in crushing someone's theory? Or is it an unsatisfiable thirst to KNOW something and not speculate? Arguing to be right gets us no where but back to an exhausting square one over and over again. At the end of the day it's someone's opinion because neither can be proven by the scientific method and an argument based on personal opinion is a fallacy from the start. 
The premise is wrong, at least with regards to being a critique of the Christian/Jewish God we believe to be good.

Goodness comes from God.  What he wishes to see is good, what he abhors is bad.  That's the centre of Christian morality.  There can't be a bad God capital G, because with an all powerful omniscient creator, what He says is moral, is moral.  Why do we *know* that thievery is wrong?  Because God has made it that way.

Without God, only our subjective feelings on certain matters can constitute "good" or "evil".

This explanation proposes that because there is no evil God, and most people would agree there is no evil God, therefore there is no good God either.  This is no kind of logic at all.  You can call God evil if you want.  You can think that the prescriptions in the Bible are evil.  There's nothing here at disproving the existence of God at all, just an incorrect premise that assumes "goodness" is an established truth in the universe.  Something, which, incredibly ironically, sounds very religious to me.
Evil is not on metaphysical par with good.
So basically, nothing is solved and we can all keep believing what we believe. Wonderful.
This argument is appealing to our preconceived notions of "good" and "evil", which are both social constructs, to argue against the existence of a god. In doing so he is assuming that god falls into the same ontological bracket as "good" and "evil" and is therefore also a social construct, and therefore does not exist. 

It's like arguing that the tooth fairy doesn't exist because she isn't generous to all children. I mean, she doesn't exist...but that's not why.
An evil God would happily take away our free will I would argue because giving us a free gift such as free will is inherently good and beautiful. This would preclude the possibility of God being evil. 
Heheh argument...   We've been here about 8 million years arguing and the cows still haven't returned. Here's the provable stats as I understand them:    
Probability that God exists = infinite  
Probability that no God exists = infinite  
Probability you'll find out the definite answer in this lifetime = 0  
Probability a potential God is good or evil = irrelevant per the third probability range.
This is an excellent bit of teaching. It gives an accepted idea, breaks it down, gives a proposed solution, then leaves the whole thing open for more discussion.

One topic I have seen come up is the notion of Free Will vs. Instinct. If you look at any basic need you can compare these things. Looking at mating from a human experience is an easy place to show what I mean.

Instinctually we as an organism have a basic desire to reproduce which is why having sex is generally enjoyable. There are several ways to look at sex from a free will viewpoint. Say a man and a woman consentually have sex and conceive a child. This falls under the notion of "good" because the reproductive desires are satisfied and this relationship is acceptable. Then you can look at the idea of bestiality, this relationship would fall under the realm of "bad" because there is no way either being can reproduce and the relationship is accepted. Both are choices of free will and can show how one can choose good or bad.

Under the realm of "free will" there are other choices for mating. Two men can have relations with each other and consent to it. Right now this is a generally accepted lifestyle but there can be no reproduction. From a social construct this is a good thing, from a natural perspective it is bad. On the opposite side, think of a rapist who impregnates his victim. Socially this is bad because rape. Natually it is good because baby.

Like the video, I will not provide answers, hopefully everyone can continue to think what they want. What I hoped to show was that instincts can be satisfied by many different means. That it is our society and preconceived notions that judge whether something is good or bad and not nature.
Any additional reading relating to this?
Is this guy a professor?  This argument is awful.  "We can be pretty sure there isn't an evil god so why should we think there is a good god?"  I don't think he's come even close to being "pretty sure" there isn't an evil god.  
I find the problem with this entire piece is that, although it is entertaining we are still operating in the assumption that a God, assuming their is or are gods,  can inherently good or inherently evil. I don't know think it's even necessary to use the "evil God argument" to denounce religion,  you don't even need to go that far. Once you accept that it is logical to conclude that presuppositional apologetics are self-refuting,  the arguments afterwards,  like the one in the video for example,  become an exercise of expending hot air.....and fallacies.....definitely hot air and fallacies 
It's hard to say whether or not there could be an all good or all bad god since good and bad are for the most part subjective. What seems alright to an all powerful being could be deemed terrible by human standards.
Once again his ignorance of philosophy and theology is showing. Evil is a lack of goodness. Goodness is inherent to being. By failing to recognize or admit these fundamental axioms, he misunderstands the argument and presents an absurd refutation.
Good = creation.  
Evil = destruction.  
 There is a real difference. A good God leads to a decrease in entropy, more information, growth. A bad God leads to nothingness, homogeneous grey goo. In that respect there is such a thing as good and evil, and good must triumph. This is why trial by battle works, because the winner is the more innovative.
What if good and evil are just constructs? What if humans are not part of the true moral order? What if what happens to us does not matter? What if the universe was made for someone else or for some other purpose? What if we're collateral damage of creation? 


God may be indifferent or impartial.  Or our conception of "good" and "evil" may be flawed or insufficient.  After all, if there is a god, then one assumes that god would have a radically different understanding of these concepts.  Atheism as a belief system is every bit as radical as a faith based belief system.  To say "there is no god" one must ultimately make a leap of faith.  Prove to me there is no god.  You must do better than the sophomoric argument presented here.
"We cannot know anything.... so surely, neither are true!"

What a weak logic. 
[removed]
No, see, God exists outside of time. Due to His nature outside the laws of causality, it is possible for evil to exists without him creating it. That is the nature of omnipotence and omniscience. Original Sin was the choice of humanity to prioritize themselves over God.

God does not want slaves that are forced to do His will. Because He loves us so much, He gives all His creations the choice to choose him. The Angels chose once, and with the total sum of their being. We, as unique creatures made by God, were also given a choice. We made the wrong one. We locked ourselves into a perfect logic trap, in which we could not free ourselves, due to our nature. By choosing ourselves, over God,  we shut God out. We denied Him, turning away from Him.

But here's where God was clever. He left a backdoor entrance into the prison that we made ourselves. The ability to reproduce. The ability, that of all creations only humans have, is the ability to by combining their physical bodies, are able to create another physical platform into which God places a soul.

Ok, now this is where it gets really cool. God, as He was able to insert new souls into reality, was able to incarnate Himself. He basically jury-rigged reality to save us from ourselves. He was able to come to reality in the form of Jesus Christ, as a human and change our very being. He broke open the reality that He allowed us to close by taking the consequences of the choice of original sin unto Himself. He was the only one who could bear it. He paid for our mistake.

And He was happy to! He would have done the same as many times as it takes, because He loves us unconditionally. Due to that sacrifice, we can now enter Heaven and embrace God once more, with an even greater understanding and love for Him because of this whole process we have gone through. So now, because God still loves us to such an extent, He still allows us to choose Him of our own accord, and by doing so come to an even greater appreciation of Him.

Tldr: God jail-broke reality to save us from ourselves.
Actually there is a religion that believes the creator god is evil. It's called Gnosticism. They view the supreme god to be a dialectical combination of both good and evil. The conclusion reached by this video is pretty lazy. Religions that have a good god, also have an evil god (devil). Really this is just some atheist that thinks he came up with a good argument but doesn't have the philosophical wherewithal to notice the flaws in his own argument. 
[removed]
[removed]
The Newcomb's Box problem isn't a problem about what choice you should make when the genie predicts your mind (that one's easy - just intend to pick the single box) or what choice you should make if you aggregate the prediction choice and the actual choice (as you've done) or about what sort of person you should be when the genie makes a copy of you to feed into a Turing machine (as you've also done). Those are all trivial problems, and they are not the Newcomb's Box problem.

The Newcomb's Box problem is a problem about what choice to make once you're presented with those boxes, no matter what has happened in the past. This is why some people are two boxers. Once you've got the boxes in front of you, it's too late to do anything about anything except which boxes you pick. The money is already in the boxes, and you can either grab both boxes or just one box.

Because you've ignored the actual question and answered a bunch of irrelevant questions, you've failed to understand the problem and the solution you've provided is not particularly helpful.
This problem isn't tricky for a human, but it's moderately awkward to formalize in a way that's friendly toward an AI's other conceptions of time and causality. It's even more awkward because this only applies when making decisions whose outcome will impact other agents' decisions, where those agents are able to predict what we will decide.

See also [timeless decision theory](https://intelligence.org/files/TDT.pdf).

Edit: another way to model this is to pretend that you are the simulation that the other agent is running. You are choosing $1m fake dollars or $1,001,000 fake dollars, and if you choose the latter, your real self will only gain $1,000. This explicitly reflects the idea that the other agent is making predictions.
philosphy is endlessly toying with these thought experiments and failing absolutely to step into reality and measure what is real outside of these forced hegelian dialectics. 1000+ years ago philosphy was intellectual. Now its become hegelian dialectics a-z. none of which makes any sense.

Your position in QM and science is impossible, because we don't live in an absolutely deterministic system. Random chance is stacked into and leaned into the system. Its not either or- its not black or white- is yin and yang. Both determinism and randomness operate in the real universe TOGETHER.

Thus, any copy you make is firstly a poor copy- due to the no perfect copy law of QM- and secondly operates both with the deterministic effects AND the random effects of reality in play.

Thus, a copy of you won't make exactly the same choices you would make, and in fact over time your positions would lose phase and disentangle from each other, and the randomness would over power the deteminism and you'd be doing and thinking different things and making different choices.

All of this thought experiment only works in a rigidly deterministic universe that hasn't got random chance. such a universe is impossible, because a starkly deterministic universe would crystalize into its absolute causes and effects- Freeze at its deterministic outcome.

In reverse of that, if the universe were more random, the quanta wouldn't hold together..  etc fundamental laws wouldn't work. The universe is balanced precisely in the middle- half random- half deterministic. The interesting thing there is to ask ourselves why we live in a universe that is so well balanced. A lot like asking ourselves what the odds were of living on a planet precisely centered in the solar green zone for its gravity and water content. Or how we end up with a moon that exactly visually eclipses the sun- appearing the exact same size as the sun in the sky. ETC.

those are the interesting questions to ask- How the universe ends up in such an interesting balance. Thought experiments which assume a deterministic universe aren't really that interesting, both because the universe is not rigidly deterministic, and because thus the thought experiments assume a universe a zillion times simpler  than the one we live inside of.
Here's something I never understood about the "how do you know you're not dreaming" argument - does it not rely on the fact that we only *feel* convinced that we're awake when we're dreaming because our attention is not focused on whether we are, in fact, dreaming or not? Is it not true that, were you to stop within a dream and *genuinely* inquire as to whether you are awake or not, you would eventually be able to figure out that you in fact are dreaming?

I mean, we know this is possible...lucid dreamers do it all the time. There are certain aspects of consciousness that just don't appear to translate well into "dream-consciousness" - for example, an ability to delineate an *unbroken chain of events* from where you are now to where you were, say, a week ago. I have never heard of someone being able to do this within a dream; in fact, I have read that the question "how did I get here?" is a common one that people attempting to learn how to lucid dream will ask themselves as a "reality check," or literally *a way of discerning whether you are or are not dreaming.*

So, like...this isn't a real debate anymore, right? At least not this specific example?
This thread is now locked; almost none of the comments respond to the content of the OP, and a very large number of comments consists of mean-spirited bickering.
[removed]
Any discussion of ethical matters, any application of ethics in such fields as science, medicine, business or public policy etc., is *already* socially relevant and applied philosophy.

Funny in that Mathematics places a high(er) premium on rigour, makes no claims as to any form of significance whatsoever, and doesn't seem any worse for wear. 
It's not just a problem of "theoretical rigour". It's true that analytic philosophy seems far removed from practical issues. But even more concerning is the lingering influence of a certain kind of pseudo-philosophical thought associated with Derrida and company (which I do not equate with continental philosophy).

This has engulfed the humanities (more so than philosophy itself) on both sides of the atlantic. Now, for every serious philosopher, there's a dozen people from literature, sociology, anthropology and other "intellectuals" who use philosophy in a skeptical manner... I mean skepticism in the ancient sense: "criticizing" everything until nothing is known and nothing makes sense; denying that anything can be known; refusing to accept that, even when nothing is certain, shaky foundations are often sufficient. It is rather unsurprising that people who want to achieve something - from social workers to scientists - want nothing to do with this way of thinking.

This has been my experience in trying to collaborate with the humanities. Within my own field, in both the EU and North America I've found surprisingly strong animosity towards philosophy from otherwise open-minded scientists. Clearly both sides are at fault. But it is primarily the humanities who go out of their way to denounce science and technology. As long as this occurs, they will be marginalized, because the case for science is simply too easy to make, whereas the case for philosophy (and more generally for the humanities) is more subtle.
I'm a bit out of my higher education focus on this one, but is there not an equivalent set of 'pure science' and 'engineering/applied science' disciplines in philosophy?  I mean, economics used to be (before NCE and the big buy) a discipline of philosophy.   Are there not useful roles for both applied and research-oriented philosophy?  

I had a class in elementary symbolic logic (my highest level Philosophy course) and it seems that AI, changes in the labor market due to automation, etc, will all require 'practical' philosophers.  How do you calibrate the neural net for passenger vs pedestrian value in a self-driving car?   By hiring the appropriate specialists?
Brings to mind a line I read one time. "Don't study philosophy; practice it." I think this is a distinction that deserves some thought.

Obviously you can't really practice philosophy with no form of study at all, but I think there is a kernel of truth in there.

If we are to change policy, we generally need to change ourselves first. (Everyone wants change, few want *to* change.) Academic philosophy is highly inaccessible to most people, and this problem is compounded by academic philosophers whose main concern is reading and writing about said inaccessible literature.

It has been written that those who write have no time to live while those who live have no time to write. (Kazantzakis, *Zorba the Greek*.) This seems analogous to the distinction between studying and practicing. Friends in theology would similarly point out that some people are too engrossed in Biblical study when maybe they could benefit more by getting their nose out of the books, practicing religion, and *actually being* i.e. non-judgmental, peaceful, generous people instead of just continuing to *analyze* text.

I think this does affect plenty of philosophers too. This is why although I was a philosophy major, I'm not a career philosopher--another path is my calling, but this doesn't mean I'm no longer *practicing* philosophy.

Let philosophy be something that is lived in the world and celebrated in public consciousness and maybe we'll see some improvement. Philosophy has a lot to contribute to socially-relevant topics. It has done so since Plato and probably even before; the course that inspired me to declare the major was all about the person and social responsibility.
I don't believe an open forum is enough as philosophy has been reduced to a joke among the very disciplines that could benefit from it. Philosophy is in a dangerous position, as is society 
In her brilliant book [*How to Do Things with Pornography*](https://www.amazon.com/How-Things-Pornography-Nancy-Bauer/dp/0674055209) Nancy Bauer does a great job of critiquing the present practice of philosophy as analogue to scientific research programs. Because modern philosophers are typically holed away in academia the Socratic *practice* of philosophy (social criticism/stirrin' shit up up in the polis) has almost entirely given way to the academic discipline of philosophy. Socrates and Marx should be models as philosophers who were civically engaged. There's nothing wrong with having an academic discipline of philosophy *per se*, it's simply should not so thoroughly overshadow civic engagement almost to the point of exclusion. 

Anglophone philosophers need to take a leaf from Orwell's "[Politics and the English Language](http://www.orwell.ru/library/essays/politics/english/e_polit)" and learn how to be highly engaged public intellectuals for common folk. It is an absolute *travesty* that the most popular philosopher as a public intellectual is [Sam *fucking* Harris, a man who makes the ludicrous claim that he doing science](https://youtu.be/Q4T-GGSkRNI) instead of the abysmally bad philosophy he is actually doing. At least Alain de Botton is making a noble effort to make philosophy slightly more accessible and middle-brow relevant, although more needs to be done to make good philosophy accessible to majority of working-class people. 
"Philosophy" is generally used to mean "European academic philosophy".  If you look at ystems like Zen or Samkhya philosophy, the abstract has never been divorced from the practical.  That is, theory never exists in a vacuum, it is bound to practice.  
Have you heard of a Lon Fuller's Eight Ways to Fail to Make Law? In this piece, Fuller gives several example of how philosophy, logic, and common sense are necessary to run a whole country. Though the characters and setting are fictitious, the examples make their point. I think this should be a mandatory read for every person in every government. Heaven knows the United States needs it.

Philosophy is 100% applicable in more domestic settings, including school, business, the workplace, in your church, even in your own home. It is simply a practiced form of reasoning and critical thinking. People philosophize every day both correctly and incorrectly. Every time someone endorses Ayn Rand, they're doing it wrong.

It would be nice to believe that with a proper understanding of logic and reasoning that people would be better able to read into a situation and draw better conclusions, but since philosophy isn't taught in K-12 in the United States, we cannot assume its actual effectiveness. But that's not philosophy's fault, that would be the fault of those in charge and those who are in a position to create change failing to do so. I would say your headline statement is only partially true because philosophy has been turned into an exclusive practice. It is not, however, an indefinite truth.
[removed]
That's painting with a broad stroke.  I dare say that ETHICS has tremendous social significance.
Points that have not been raised yet:

"Prior to the twentieth century, philosophers could be found in a variety of occupations. Since 1900, however, they have had only one home – the university, and within it, that peculiar institution known as the ‘department’. "
This is not entirely true. Philosophy has been university-bound for centuries. Just think of Kant, the most important philosopher since Descartes, who was a boring-ass professor. While it is arguably true that in contemporary (pick your preferred continental/analytic strawman) philosophy there is over-specialization in the academy, that's not wholly unique to the 20th/21st centuries.

"...of the approximately 110 PhD programs in philosophy in the United States, not a single one emphasises the importance of training graduate students to work outside of the academy."
Very important point. Some are trying to change that within professional philosophy; I couldn't find it, but APA or some shit published a monograph this past summer on how to orient philosophy graduate programs towards this.

It's frustrating that people are more comfortable imposing a vague utilitarian burden on academic philosophy than most other institutional bodies. I'd love for more people to get into philosophy, but I think these kinds of articles make a lot of assumptions that they ironically don't justify. Also from a historical perspective philosophy is more accessible now than it has ever been. 
[removed]
The article makes a good point, but at the same time I wouldn't want to sacrifice philosophical rigor on the altar of social relevance.

Maybe what we need is to perceive philosophy more explicitly as a continuum from advanced theoretical topics to practical decision-making. This is something that math and empirical sciences largely seem to have already accomplished, for instance we have what theoretical physicists do and what engineers do, we have what mathematicians do and what software developers do, we have what biologists do in the laboratory and what farmers and doctors do. Maybe we should learn to think about 'what philosophers do' vs 'what legislators do' in a similar way.
If you agree with the article, consider cross-posting future /r/philosophy posts to clearly relevant subs. Make sure that you're abiding by each sub's rules before posting (see also [What is and isn't appropriate when it comes to cross-posting?](https://www.reddit.com/r/reddiquette/comments/3ck24k/question_what_is_and_isnt_appropriate_when_it/)
). 

And if cross-posting is OK?

* Philosophy of Science stuff ... /r/science 
* Any biography ... /r/history
* "Are we living in a simulation?" etc ... /r/AskReddit

EDIT: Or just post the philosophy stuff to the other relevant sub without cross posting to /r/philosophy also.
This threat should be fun. Nothing like a Analytical vs Continental brawl. The more insignificant the discipline the more fervent the infighting is, a feeding frenzy over tiny scraps of social relevance. Philosophy is the probably the pinnacle of social irrelevance. In American, less than 1% of people have any philosophical understanding of anything. It is by far the least valued discipline. Philosophy is not socially relevant because intellectualism is seen as dangerous, unethical, and immoral. Philosophy itself has very little blame in this. The silo'd academic world of philosophy is a symptom of its irrelevance, not a cause.
Ohh, look at that. Someone telling others what their research interests should be and delegating their methodology from outside of it. Philosophy does inform politics a bunch. A whole helluva a lot, actually. But 1. Most people don't realize they are doing philosophy when they are, 2. Most people are not informed on the topic thus 1. And 3. Those who are making policy decisions (even in corporations) are involved in lengthy multidimensional discussions of considerations which include ethics, political philosophy, etc. Whether or not the public is informed enough to be aware that this actually does go on in politics and economics. And these various branches are informed by intuitions and structured theories that interpenetrate with so-called academic philosophy. Actually I'd be more tempted to say that academic philosophy is imposing an inorganic discrete structure on an ambiguous, indeterminate and non-discrete collection of disparate approaches to thinking.

The idea of it being needed in the public sphere or its absense being a problem is actually just public ignorance revealing a non-problem. The actual problem is, gasp, public ignorance. Also instrumental, extrinsic motivations in education instead of self-actualization and self-improvement.

I don't expect it to become very prevalent because, quite frankly, it requires above average intelligence to understand and decent formal education which generally rules out majority participation. 

And sometimes it is like asking theoretical physics to be more practical.

The theoretical physicist is exploring a problem with applications that they might only be able to see, because, you know, they understand their field, and you don't.
I think it's just the way its delivered. A lot of philosphers tend to get a bit long-winded. No big deal in my book but it does seem to be that most people dont have the attention spans for it. So... It just needs to be more cleverly packaged. In my opinion. But I enjoy the seemingly incoherent stream of consciousness style.

That is to say it makes sense but sometimes not to me. But there is a wealth of knowledge out there to help decipher the codes lol.
So send more traffic to philosophytube and wireless philosophy. The open science people are science communicators more than they are scientists in the role the article asks for. This is a specific skill, and people we'll versed in the one (comms) are not by necessity any good in the other (phil) and vice versa. 
One thing I've heard said before is that philosophy makes its great discoveries over the course of hundreds to thousands of years. It is an attempt to describe problems and ideas that span way beyond the considerations of a single life or even generation.

A few professional philosophers have pointed out that when philosophy makes one of its great discoveries it becomes its own branch of knowledge.

Science was such a branch, originating out of natural philosophy.
I'm always late to the good stuff because Australia. Anyway

>Philosophy departments ghettoize ideas, steering philosophers toward problems of interest to their disciplinary colleagues – at the cost of practical relevance to wider societal concerns. Even applied philosophers suffer from a form of disciplinary capture.

I always have a problem when 'blame' is placed on universities. The above quoted seems to imply that this intellectual incest/esotericism is the fault of universities, but this was around the same time economic rationalism started to flow through universities.

Wendy Brown, in her book "undoing the demos" makes the great point that as market values started to become a governing rationality in universities, academic activities started to "count" in universities in ways that encouraged, rewarded, and demanded niche-ness and increasing specialisation (publication output, "impact factor", for example). Of course, at the same time, it's not like this was imposed on helpless universities/departments/individuals, but it's not very productive, I think, to make it seem like this happened in a vacuum.

It also means that universities can't simply "find it in themselves" to change their culture, because they are always socially/historically/politically situated.
It interests me that most of the responses and comments address philosophy. But the first sentence says "science is in deep trouble". Shouldn't we ask why? Science has been a subject of study since the beginning of our educational career. It makes sense that philosophy might be in trouble because it is more foreign to us. But, science is like math, there is only one right answer. So, what commonalities do philosophy and science share?
I think we can agree "science can inform our thinking" and that philosophical studies say "there is no escaping politics", maybe it's that they don't share any commonalities. Are philosophical and scientific academics at war? Is it for political control? Or against it?
In academics, both are seen as the people with answers. Because of this, their evidence must be supported by mass culture through commonly shared experiences and understanding. 
"But whether we are talking about scientific results, or ethical, social and political values, a lack of certainty does not mean that evidence cannot be marshaled and reasons cannot be given."
Going back to the start of my thoughts, that science has been in our education lives longer than philosophical academics. Philosophy's academic existent is much longer than that of science. Philosophy starts with anyone from the past or present able to communicate, even in different media era's using a variety of mediums promote new ideas that can threaten the present political powers and ideology. Because education, wealth, and social class was a continuous evolution of socialization because of technology advances. 
Philosophy's original purpose becomes conscious when we use it to "inform our thinking". It is not biased, or if it is, those biases don't become unconscious and dogmatic values. Fundamentalist do not set the standards of good living, beauty, and what is justice. A philosophers expertise should rely on liberties and fairness. 
Philosophy is difficult because it's information overload. We pick and choose from the information given to us based off experiences and what we are surrounded by. Our choices are important because they extend to others by influencing them to follow your lead or choose another. No one is capable of holding all the information in the world, so who's to make rules of what is right and wrong? In order to reach the full potential of human existence and experience we much strive to be individuals. But that's not possible or is very difficult if we can't accept that there are values people will hold that we will never understand, accept that we don't have to, and not need to be seen as wrong or right.
But philosophy goes beyond popular media text. All media mediums throughout technological history and the history of language and communication have value, it can expose reality to cultural or social practices that have been unconsciously removed from society. 
I really enjoyed this article, it makes me want to do my MA. I often find myself defending my subject choice at uni to a barrage of criticism that it was not practical, usually including a joke about working at McDonalds. I would argue that philosophy's place is at the centre of practical thought. 

Think Jurassic Park, they were so busy wondering if they could they not stopped to ask if they should.
The Frankfurter schule in Germany is dedicated to the 'critical theory', which is meant to analyze social struggles and come up with solutions. I would say that part has heavy social significance. 
I'm sorry but philsophy comes from French then laying all the way up to ainchent Greece, were the word Philosophia mean love for wisdom. Now one can argue that philosophy as a educational medium is  not relevant. but really philosophy simply means thinking and being open to new ideas... I now see why it's not relevant anymore
False dichotomy. Philosophy should be rigorous and open. If 'opening up' philosophy entailed reduced rigour, what would be the point? Anyone can think and write about political/societal issues. The whole point of philosophy (I thought) is to think about these issues *clearly*, so there's a chance we can actually get somewhere with them. And I don't see why those kinds of discussions have to be behind closed doors.
This is a chicken and egg situation.  Philosophy has a tremendous amount to offer leaders of all stripes.  So much of what is wrong with American politics, business, and media follows from negligible philosophical input into policy formation and executive decision-making.  If desperately-needed practical philosophers are less common than art history experts in terms of non-academic practice, of course philosophy will skew toward academic approaches.  The discipline hasn't been marginalized because of strong theoretical rigor.  The discipline has placed extreme emphasis on theoretical rigor because it has long been marginalized.
Philosophers (aka, philosophy professors) like to believe that just because something is *about* society or humanity, that it is *relevant* to society/humanity. This is called wishful thinking. Contemporary philosophy departments are rife with over-educated idiots who view the complexity of a sentence as evidence of the intelligence of an author or value/coherence of an argument. Example: today in my 400 level class on Nietzsche I discovered, to my absolute disgust and horror, that two of the graduate students in my class don't believe that animals have emotions **or even feel pleasure or pain**. I encounter braindead individuals like this **constantly** and they always want to tell me how *relevant* Hegel is or how *important* Kant's contributions to science are. It's fucking nonsense.
[removed]
The problem isn't a closed philosophy. The problem is that the public doesn't ask philosophers to help think things through anymore. The finger is pointed in the wrong direction.

Philosophy is more like basic research in science than applied science. We don't fund basic research anymore because of the same idiocy, defined by a profound lack of foresight. Both basic research and philosophy obtain their payoff long after, and tangentially to, the original inquiry.
I think the reason philosophy is considered "less relevant" than say, religion is because philosophy doesnt have as much emphasis on symbolism.

The true power of any ideology, whether political, religious or philosophical is the power of conviction and identifying through characters or gods that act as aspirations, ideals or simply just aspects or archetypes of life.
I don't have time to read the article right now, but I think it's useful to note that there are philosophies specifically for social relevance, as they work to improve the human condition. Religious philosophies like Buddhism in particular, too.
Can anyone name ONE incident in the last 4,000 years where philosophy actually fixed something in the real world?
Production Vs Evolution. Are we growing as a species to make ourselves better or are we just trying to make the next moment better for ourselves?
It's a fair critique of analytic philosophy and the priority of the analytic project in the Anglo-American academy. But continental thinking is primarily concerned with social issues.
Downvote! The title of your post is very much taken out of context.  I don't agree with the article entirely, but the element you missed by not finishing or understanding the majority of the piece is very much arguable: the general lack adoption of very elementary and highly effectual principles of philosophy amongst the familiar western culture is largely due the esoteric quality of academic philosophical pursuits by its curators.

In the end, the argument assumes a necessary conclusion of philosophy, which is that proper philosophy is paramount to any element of culture, and a culture's adoption of philosophy is directly related to its accuracy and sufficiency in its functions in society.
What a silly claim. Mathematics does the same thing, yet it ends up being quite relevant, sometimes surprisingly so.
Yep - lot's of snobs
That's deep, dude.
Also most people can't tell a good argument from a bad one
I find it funny that they claim "A premium is placed on theoretical rigor, at the loss of social significance." Do they not realize that the prioritizing of social significance is derived from rigorous Philosophic argument?

That being said, what I'm getting from the article is that Philosophers in an academic  setting should focus more on "practical" philosophy that can benefit the common man. Isn't that a job better suited for a Sociologist? Philosophy, while logically rigorous, is a very subjective at analyzing the "real world". Absolute objectivity doesn't seem to really have a Philosophical standing outside of religion and science.

My point being is that modern Philosophy has pretty much separated itself from the historical entanglements with Math and Science. If it abandons its more academic musings, why would I choose a Philosopher over a scientist or a mathematician?
The open science movement seems to be calling for more cooperation between scientists, not an opening of science to non-scientists. There is a reason that science and philosophy both have very specific jargon; misinterpretation is far too easy without a common language. I would agree that it is important that we try and explain scientific and philosophical findings to the public, but expecting the untrained to be capable of running forward with the scientific or philosophical baton is unrealistic. Citizen-science has been a successful way of involving the public in science while benefitting from mass data collection but I'm not sure if citizen-philosophy would be beneficial in an analogous way. Philosophy could contribute more to society if it were more widely taught in schools but we still need the experts to distill their research into an understandable format. At a certain point, we must simply trust those who know better than we do. 
[removed]
We need less philosophy and more electrolytes.  The plants love electrolytes
The Guardian seeks to become socially relevant by dismissing journalist rigour at the altar of becoming socially significant.

Most recently I pondered,  upon seeing a well-written article on Syria: "this is going to be hidden by all of the other articles that are included for the purpose of popularizing their own views of what should be happening in the country."

Sometimes rigour has a place.  I think that the pursuit of social significance in philosophy, when it does minimize rigour,  becomes something other than philosophy;  no less than the Guardian, which has become something other than journalism.   
What is a philosopher going to DO? 

BE. 

Philosophers were a bit more relevant prior to science advancing this far. 

As I age I've found what was previously a love of philosophy slowly fade. For me, and a lot of people, the branches of philosophy that can't lead to experiments just seem worthless since they cannot be confirmed accurate.

When I didn't understand science I liked philosophy more but as I began to understand the scientific method more I began finding little use for philosophy.
Beyond the most basic understandings of logic, philosophy is pretty much worthless.
In current times, academic philosophy is mostly where genuine philosophy goes to die.

This articles assumes that philosophy is either analytical (science-like dry rigour dominant in the UK and US) or platonic (contemplating the good and the beautiful). It seems totally unaware of the vast contributions of the continental approach to understanding social and economic phenomena.

Philosophy for the public is called religion because the masses are not interested and/or capable of thinking. 

Furthermore western philosophy has for most of its life been bent and twisted by christian dogma and values with the two major exceptions prior to the 20th century being Spinoza and Nietzsche. 
[removed]
Get day jobs and fund your philosophy hobby with that money. So much tax money wasted on things that don't yield a profit. 
[removed]
*"This is the season of Political Anxiety. A recent article in Reuters recommends to Americans anxious about the current political environment to "stop reading the news and take up yoga." While yoga is a wonderful practice, we do not advise Americans to stop reading the news and tune out. In our latest episode, "JS Mill's Philosophy of Anxiety and its Role in Personal and Political Transformation," we investigate the powerful role anxiety, and bearing witness to anxiety, plays in our individual and political elevation. Anxiety, and the way it makes us uncomfortable, is the energy of growth and political improvement. Enjoy."*
Are there any eternal truthes? No. 
So it's eternally true that there are no eternal truths. Got it. :) 
Should questions always be interesting? Also interesting is subjective
It is somewhat scary that some academics can be pushed to say something like this (*"2+2 is not an interesting question"*). If 2+2 is not 4, then we cease to understand anything about modern science: How do we make houses/cars/satellites/medicine? How do we decide on economic policy, how do we fund philosophy departments, how do we feed Stanley Fish? The consequences are enormous: the entire organization of empirical knowledge would fall apart, innovation would either stop entirely or restart in a different direction, etc. Anyone who cares about their way of life must care about "2+2", because their life literally depends on it. 

It is not a surprise to me that Stanley Fish has a background in theory of law and literary criticism: these are two of the domains which are furthest removed from interaction with the material (=non-discursive) world. Literary criticism in particular often relies on arguments that are divorced from experience and therefore immune to empirical refutation. This lack of interaction with the world has corrupted large swathes of these disciplines: with experience out of the picture, anything goes. The fabric of human societies and the knowledge that underlies it can be ignored.

Back to Stanley Fish, his answer is that all knowledge is tied to men's *ambitions*. If geometry was to cross someone's ambition, it would come to be disputed (just like, say, evolution or global warming). And, sure, what matters is men's ambition. What Fish fails to see, from an ivory tower of tenure built by people who care about "2+2", is that the ambition of men is not limited to the academic world of discourse. Ambition also conflicts with empirical reality. When that happens, "falsehood" has consequences. Evolution and global warming are good examples.

(Also the passage about Wittgenstein was hilarious. Clearly the speaker who brought up W just had a very vague idea of the Tractacus existing, and wanted to do some name-dropping...)

PS: unsurprisingly, here's what Fish believes about the humanities: *"To the question 'of what use are the humanities?', the only honest answer is none whatsoever. And it is an answer that brings honor to its subject. Justification, after all, confers value on an activity from a perspective outside its performance. An activity that cannot be justified is an activity that refuses to regard itself as instrumental to some larger good. The humanities are their own good. There is nothing more to say, and anything that is said diminishes the object of its supposed praise."*... and for good measure [here's](http://news.stanford.edu/news/2009/february11/future-arts-humanities-fish-021109.html) what a bunch of smart people have to say about it.
My favorite example of eternal truth, in Stanley's terms.  

**What is #?**

1976: # = {number, hash, pound} x {, sign, symbol}

2016: # = {number, hash, pound} x {, sign, symbol} + {hashtag}

I, in a million years, would have never guessed that "#" would have changed so quickly, and so wide spread.

I do wish there are transcripts.

Consider meaning...
'me@host: #~' vs '#~'


Google sokal affair
[removed]
I believe this hasn't been posted here yet, unlike the previous lectures in the series. If I broke some rule, I apologize!

The required reading and sections discussed in this lecture are the Transcendental Deduction in B (second edition), and the Schematism of the Pure Concepts of Understanding (the first chapter of the Analytic of Principles). I strongly suggest doing at least this reading before digging into the lecture. If you've got some form of accompanying reading, such as Wolff's own book on the Critique ([Kant's Theory of Mental Actvity](https://www.amazon.com/Activity-Commentary-Transcendental-Analytic-Critique/dp/0844640549)) or Sebastian Gardner's [Guidebook to the Critique of Pure Reason](https://www.amazon.com/Routledge-Philosophy-GuideBook-Critique-GuideBooks/dp/041511909X/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1476364686&sr=1-1&keywords=guidebook+to+the+critique+of+pure+reason), all the better.

If you haven't been keeping up with this series, I highly recommend starting at the first lecture - this is hard going, and lecture 6 is going into some of the more difficult (and essential) passages in the entire book.
There's absolutely no point in listening to this if you haven't done the reading by the way.
Thanks, I am enjoying this!
I just finished the second lecture, and I don't think I'm going to continue. There is just too much tangential story telling, self aggrandizing and reminiscing, hagiography of not only Kant but himself, and gratuitous name dropping of famous philosophers that he's met and interacted with from his days at Hahhvad, and not enough Critique of Pure Reason.  

edit: For fear of sounding too harsh, he is obviously an extremely knowledgeable professor and amicable lecturer, this just wasn't what I was looking for in terms of learning about Kant's philosophy. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
Was the mistake that the prisoner assumed the judge was acting purely logically?
My take on this dilemma has always been that the prisoner excluded Friday on the basis: (i) "Given I have not been executed on mo&tue&we&thu i cannot be surprised by an execution on Friday", which seems true. He then concludes (ii) "Given that I have not been executed on mo&tue&we and (i), I cannot be surprised by an execution on Thursday". But this doesn't obviously follow, since he excluded Friday only under the assumption that he was not executed on Thursday. So his first inductive step is mistaken and his argument fails. 

It's still hard for me to shake off the intuition that, on Thursday morning, he could run the argument that he can't possibly be executed on Friday, so they must come today and he will not be surprised. But I have just accepted that my intuition is just wrong here.

Edit: Thinking about this more, the paradox also suffers a bit from coloquial meanings of words, such as "surprised" and "you will be hanged on a weekday in the following week". For a reasonable and unambiguous formulation the solution becomes obvious. Consider the following claim of the judge: "There exists a (randomized) selection strategy for the day of the execution such that there is a positive probability for selecting any of the weekdays in the following week and 0 for all other days AND whatever the result of the selection you will never be fully justified in believing that you are executed on any given day." In this case, the judge is just wrong. Such a selection strategy cannot exist, since whenever Friday were to be selected, the prisoner would know that he will be executed on Friday morning.
An interesting way to look at this paradox is reducing it to fewer and/or impossible days.

A judge tells his prisoner he will be hanged yesterday or tomorrow and that it will be a surprise.

The prisoner concludes that he cannot be hanged because he has already lived through yesterday so the only day he can be hanged is tomorrow. Since he knows this, it will not be a surprise.

Tomorrow arrives and the prisoner is hanged. He is surprised.

I believe that the paradox arises from the prisoner's assumption that the judge's "surprise" pertains only to the knowledge of which day of the week the hanging will occur. In turn, he builds his own expectations and reasoning, concluding that he cannot be hanged. In the end, the judge surprises the prisoner not with the day of the week he is hanged, but rather by acting counter to the prisoner's expectations.
I always find this one dumb and not a paradox at all. Literally any day will be a surprise to him because he has ruled them all out and doesn't expect any of the days.
To be honest, I have thought of this paradox in the way that you did. My solution that I came up with that would actually make the paradox an actual "surprise" would be executing the prisoner on a weekend, because he would have never expected that to happen since he ruled out S/Sun from the days that he would be executed. (yes i know this wouldn't count as a paradox because it would just be a lie and a ruse)

but also, im just putting myself in the prisoner's shoes and thinking to myself that everyday during the weekday could easily be my "last day".
I mean it is definitely a causal loop that results in his being surprised by his the hanging. However, I think the real problem is that once the prisoner recognizes the paradoxical nature of the judge's statement he discounts it as false and assumes the execution will not occur. However, all he has disproven is the validity of the precondition that he will be surprised. If he recognized this he would not have been able to discount Friday as a possibility. Thus, the judges statement has the potential of appearing valid once the execution occurs, but remains paradoxical beforehand.

Also for everyone saying that he can't eliminate Friday because of the condition that he is executed on Friday only if he lives until Thursday, I'm not sure this would be the case. An execution on Friday requires his living until Thursday. Thus he can eliminate Friday as an option and so on through the rest of the week. I don't believe this line of reasoning is incorrect, but the conclusions the prisoner draws from it are arbitrary.
It's a parable on awareness, more than anything else. You can never be surprised if you are paying attention to what's going on. 
~=not, V = or, -> means implies

lets say that L is the statement lived past noon that day so L1 = lived past noon Monday.

Let D be the same as L but when he dies, so D1 is dying on monday.

Lets define expected as the number of possible execution times being = 1. Let E be the boolean of expected = 1

We are told that the death is expected so E is true

If you consider monday then L1 -> D5 V D4 V D3 V D2

so E in this case is false

He concludes if L4 -> D5. This is a valid if statement.

He also concludes D5 -> L4  because if he dies on friday, he must have been alive thursday afternoon

This makes E false if only L4, so L4 -> ~E

He then concludes E -> ~L4 meaning because his death must be expected,  he can't live until thursday afternoon

by this valid conclusion he concludes L3-> D4 V D5 = L3 -> D4 V L4.

L4 has been concluded false so L3 -> D4.

Likewise D4 -> L3 because he needs to be alive on wednsday to have died thursday.

However, by concluding this E is false if L3 is true because he needs more than one option on wednsday.

so L3 -> ~E = E-> ~L3

D4 -> L3 = ~L3 ->~D4 therefore ~D4.

Im going to be less verbose and use the notation <->. A <-> B means A -> B and B -> A.

L2 <-> D3

D3 (only) -> ~E

E -> ~D3

~D3

L1 <-> D2

D2 (only) -> ~E

E -> ~D2

L0 (sunday) <-> D1

D1 (only) -> ~E

E -> ~D1

~D1

this is a problem because the judge told him he would die one of those days so

D1 V D2 V D3 V D4 V D5

and it would be not expected so

~E -> D1 V D2 V D3 V D4 V D5

however we concluded ~D1 ^ ~D2 ^ ~D3 ^ ~D4 ^ ~D5

D1 V D2 V D3 V D4 V D5 = ~( ~D1 ^ ~D2 ^ ~D3 ^ ~D4 ^ ~D5 )

so we concluded both

~D1 ^ ~D2 ^ ~D3 ^ ~D4 ^ ~D5

and 

~(~D1 ^ ~D2 ^ ~D3 ^ ~D4 ^ ~D5)

meaning we arrived at a contradiction

Because of this conclusion we can say that 

E -> D1 V D2 V D3 V D4 V D5 = ~D1 ^ ~D2 ^ ~D3 ^ ~D4 ^ ~D5 -> ~E

we councluded ~D1 ^ ~D2 ^ ~D3 ^ ~D4 ^ ~D5

so we get

~E ^ E

expected and not expected or a paradox
What? The reason the guy cancels put Friday is because on Friday morning, he would know he would have to die that day (ie on Thursday night he would know in advance, hence he wouldn't be executed). In the actual paradox, he can't be executed on the Friday, but you can't rely on a falsehood as the basis for your logic, so this doesn't apply to Thursday, etc
Not to mention that as soon as the prisoner ruled out Friday, he could have been executed Friday and it be unexpected, because he expected that day to be ruled out.
The problem is that one cannot use reasoning to reach the conclusion that one will be surprised. Because, being surprised means not having knowledge of something, which is the exact thing reasoning seeks out to do.
I would say the prisoner's mistake lies in not taking his reasoning far enough to see its circularity.

Considering Friday, he thinks "I can't be executed on Friday, because it's the last possible day. That means I'll be expecting it, so I won't be surprised." But once he rules Friday out, he leaves himself open to being surprised about it.

Execution on Friday is impossible if he believes that it's possible. However, as soon as he *believes* it is impossible, it becomes possible.
It appears the problem lies within the word "surprise", which is defined as an unexpected event, in other words something that is not likely to happen. The judge stated that the execution will happen during the next week, thus it is likely to happen. But he also said the prisoner will be surprised, which is impossible (since he can expect the execution during the week). True, it is not known exactly on which day it will happen, but it is still expected. Thus the judge must have lied about something.
The prisoner concluded that he lied about the execution, but failed to acknowledge the possibility that he lied about the surprisement. Now the only question is whether he also lied about the execution, but neither outcome will be surprising.

In conclusion, the prisoners logic was correct about the impossibility of the execution being surprising, but he failed to figure out that the judge might have lied about the surprisement part, not the execution part.
I don't see a paradox in the first place. The judge tells him it will be a surprise. He can't know it will be a surprise, he just said it will be, and it just happened to be. It could've turned out that the prisoner used some other logic and determined that he would be executed Wednesday, in which case he would not have been surprised and the judge would have been wrong. The prisoner's mistake is assuming that what the judge said has to end up being true.
Dumbest philosophy problem ever, he's hung on friday, as that IS INDEED the surprise.
I'm not sure you understand what a paradox is. 
Who controls these objects?

1. day of hanging - The judge controls this (only the judge knows this)

2. feeling of surprise - The prisoner controls this (the prisoner knows that each day is a hanging date and should not be surprised)

As such, the judge is wrong because he cannot own the feeling of surprise.  While hanging can in fact cause surprise, that is not a necessity. 

Since there is a misunderstanding, in who actually owns each of these actions, seemingly good logic can be false.    The prisoners assumption that he controls the action of hanging, is false. The seemingly contradictory problem stems from the [principle of explosion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_explosion), or from falsehood anything.

So again surprise does not imply hanging and hanging does not imply surprise. 

I posted about the flaw in the prisoners logic [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/4posea/the_flaw_in_the_prisoners_logic/). 
... Why is this sub a default?
Here's what I think the prisoner should've done to survive.

Every day he should've come to terms with the fact that today is the day he is going to die, and confirm this with the people around him, cell mates, neighbouring cells, jail guards.

Because if each day it was known that he knew today would be his last, they would not send the executioner to him, because he would not be surprised.
Once Friday's noon came to pass, then and only then would he be safe.
I believe that that would be the only way he could survive the week. 

But the reason he didn't was because he forgot that there was still the cause and effect in his logic, the past where he will only survive IF said specific thing happens. In a way, each day he would be working front way instead of backwards. He should've said Monday is the day I die, then when Monday passes, say the same thing about Tuesday, and so on. 

What do you think? I want to know if there's fault in my logic, or if this is even an "answer" or if this logic is inconsequential.
I think the whole point of the paradox is just wrong. You just can't say that more than one choice is not a surprise. You can take a random day and determine it's the one day you won't be surprised if it happens but as soon as you take a second one, the first one will be a surprise again.

Let me put it into a different example. If I say you can say any random number and I won't be surprised by the one you choose, I can say to myself that 12 won't surprise me but if I say 5 and 12 won't surprise me, it lost it's meaning, I can't just determine the numbers 1-infinity won't surprise me, that would kill the whole point of 'surprise'/'expecting' the outcome, wouldn't it ? I think the whole definition of 'surprise' is unfitting for this paradox.

This is just some rambling while I'm tired so excuse me if I missed the point myself

Edit: Btw; it would have actually worked if he changes his opinion. He can always think of the next day as the one he's getting hanged, that way he wouldn't ever be surprised by the hanging, but actually by surviving a day (which should be allowed)

Edit2: it's a different story if he expects not to be killed by thinking he will be killed, that's the real paradox if you ask me
If he was not hung on thursday he would have been surprized it was going to be friday.  His logic is narrow.
The prisoner not expecting the hanging on Friday makes sense when applying the 'rules' of this paradox.

'He will not know the day of the hanging until the executioner knocks on his cell door at noon that day.'

^ The reason the prisoner doesn't think the hanging would happen on Friday is because that's the final noon of that week. With that said though, the prisoner would still be surprised about the Friday hanging when noon passes the Thursday before, although that logic doesn't follow the paradox rule of 'until the executioner knocks on his cell door at noon that day', but with that said, he would still be surprised about the Friday hanging, just not when the executioner knocks. Which I realize breaks the paradox, but it also reveals to faulty logic of this paradox. The faulty logic being the final 'day' (could be a Saturday or Tuesday, really any day) inevitably falls for the 'executioner knocking at noon' rule simply because the final day would obviously be the final possibility for the executioner knocking at noon, and therefore would be foreseen. 

My point being it's not about the prisoners logic, it's about the 'confines' of the paradox

The prisoner's fallacy was in not expecting to be hanged. The prisoner rules out Friday by thinking (incorrectly) that he CANNOT be hanged Friday because then it would not be unexpected, instead, he should have only expected to not be surprised. Now whichever day he is hanged, becomes unexpected because his own faulty logic that he cannot be hanged because he would not be surprised. IOW he played himself.
For those confused on how this is a paradox, I put this comment below but ill post it here and hope it makes its way to the top.

If he believes he can still be hung, then he cant (because he is expecting it) and if he believes he cant be hung, then he can (because he isnt expecting it) and it just keeps looping.

Thats where the prisoners logic is wrong and thats why the story ends with him being hung. There is nothing wrong with the logic of him ruling out the days, because it works. But then he should have realized that soon as he stops expecting to be executed, he can be surprised. Which should bring him back to expecting to be hung, which would leading him back to not expecting it and so on. 
Assumption "I can't be hanged on Friday" implies "I wasn't hanged before Friday". This hidden assumption is the problem.
The simple solution is that the prisoner knows there's no logical solution and the Judge is crazy, and therefore any day (except for the last) is an unexpected surprise. BAM! Where's my gild?

Sorry. I'll return to my room under the stairs now.
[deleted]
People really need to stop saying that the Copenhagen interpretation implies that consciousness causes wave function collapse.
I find the idea of quantum immortality or the doomsday device scenario compelling, but it seems to me that there is always one big leap in the argument for why it should work:

According to the many worlds interpretation, there are currently billions of copies of me living their lives in alternate universes. However, I only consciously experience one of these universes. My doppelgangers' experiences are not accessible for me.

As far as I understand it, the quantum immortality scenario posits that I *always* consciously experience a universe in which I am alive. But why does this have to be the case? Maybe I pull trigger of the gun and I die, that is, my consciousness stops. In a different universe, a copy of me will survive, but that does not mean that my phenomenological experience or consciousness switches to this alternate universe!

I mean, if I go to sleep, and my consciousness fades, it's not that I automatically experience myself in a different universe in which I am not asleep, right? In fact, according to the quantum immortality argument, shouldn't I always be awake and never go to sleep at all?

However, maybe I am missing something in the argument as I'm neither trained in philosophy of mind or quantum physics.

>The Many-Worlds interpretation presents a more elegant alternative to the Copenhagen Interpretation in terms of its underlying assumptions because it does not assert a relation between observer’s consciousness and reality

I am no expert but I am pretty sure the copenhagen interpretation doesn't do that either and the author fundamentally misunderstood it in a way many pseudoscientific misrepresentations of quantum physics do. 

The fact that an "observer" collapses the wave function has nothing to do with consciousness. It can be something as simple as some apparatus which forces the observed object into a certain state by "heat bathing" it with its own wavefunction.

Someone with a degree in physics feel free to correct me if I am wrong on this.
Alright guys, I'm AFK hooking myself up to a machine that will kill me if I do not win the lottery, I'll be rich when I wake up and I'll know that the theory was true.

Furthermore, the idea of orbiting a black hole at the end of the universe in the dark all by my lonesome sounds kind of elegant in a way.
 This article makes the traditional mistake of assuming that wavefunction collapse is an experimentally proven phenomenon.  We don't know if wavefunction collapse actually happens or if it only appears to happen. There are a number of excellent theories, including my favorite (einselection)  which does away with  non-unitary collapse and instead suggest ways that's the appearance of collapse might be an emergent behavior of the Hamiltonian through superselection rules. 

 It's also important to note that part of the reason we need these seemingly complicated theories is the fact that entanglement exists and that Bell's experiments prove that any hidden variable theory is insufficient to reproduce the predictions of quantum mechanics. These two things together mean that there has to be some unintuitive weirdness going on. 
As much as it'd be nice to believe, here's the biggest issue I see with quantum immortality.

It seems to treat consciousness as an *on* or *off* state. Either someone is brain-healthy and fully aware, or doesn't exist at all. But we know this to not be the case. We know that consciousness is better described as a gradient, and that the lower states of that look very much, but not exactly like, not being conscious at all. Take sensory deprivation experiments. A person put in a padded cell with no light or sound will eventually lose their concept of time and of themselves. Commonly, they cease to believe they exist at all. This isn't an all-or-nothing transition. It happens slowly over time, with the subject becoming less and less aware/conscious over time.

And what about folks with highly-progressed mental illness, like Alzheimer's? Is there supposed to be a point where they are considered "dead," even though alive and just very slightly, *barely* aware, and their conscious experience is no longer relevant in that universe? That wouldn't make much sense. The alternative seems to be that their conscious experience, in one multiverse, survives *forever* in this barely-aware and very-sick state.

Taking this a step further, QI then seems to allow for a special kind of tormenting hell. A brain in a jar, with no sensory input (though perhaps constant extreme pain), somehow "conscious" but floating through black empty space for all eternity while the entire rest of the universe is completely destroyed. If a multiverse exists where conscious experience must continue *forever*, (even in very-unlikely states), one must allow for this possibility - indeed, it seems as though something like that would actually be the *likely outcome* for every single consciousness (each in their own multiverse), if a multiverse always splits and allows a consciousness to continue existing, even beyond the physical end of the universe. I have no idea what death is like, but this scenario sounds far, far worse than it.
>The theory claims that observing reality fundamentally changes it. Several additional interpretations are similar to the Copenhagen interpretation in that they also create a link between consciousness and reality.

This sounds like the author misunderstands what is meant by 'observing'. Observing is interaction with the system to get information out of it, such as firing a particle in to it. It has absolutely nothing to do with consciousness. The quantum state still collapses when a particle hits it regardless of human involvement. 
The "Quantum Suicide" explanation is... baffling to me. If I, currently living in this universe, undergo the test and am shot in the head and die, why would I suddenly be transported to an alternate universe where I am not shot? Why is there a 100% certainty that I cannot be killed in this experiment in the "Multiple Worlds" theory? I understand that some versions of me will survive (technically, an infinite number), but I am not them and they are not me, because we reside in different universes.
Isn't a major flaw in this the linking of large macro events to tiny quantum fluctuations? The doomsday device and immortality both just assume that a quantum change will be enough to change our situation enough to avoid death or stop a nuclear attack, but actually that seems very unlikely. Throw myself into a fire and what subatomic change is going to save me? Like many articles it misunderstands quantum uncertainty in a subatomic particle with "any human action or decision is possible".
Despite what others are saying about not experiencing the consciousness of other selves, I found this very intriguing. Does this mean that there exists a universe where no one dies?
You must choose what you define as "you". Choose carefully, because if you define all quantum-possible future contiguous paths from your present awareness as being "you" then you are absolutely, 100%, guaranteed to experience the most horrible thing that could possibly happen to you in the immediate future.

For mental well-being, I recommend defining "you" to include both your future path as well as your past one. You lose quantum immortality, but at least you only need to worry about ordinarily probable things happening to "you". Or, restated, it's only ordinarily probably that the "you" that you are is the one who has something extremely improbable on their future path.
An acquaintance died in high school, and i thought to myself, what if he's not really dead. We are perceiving him as dead here, but in an alternate reality, he is not dead, he made it out of that car, and he is alive. It threw my friends for a loop, and I proposed this idea to my bf as well, to which he personally found to be a nice idea of thought, as his younger brother died at 7yo. He went from identifying as a "follower of christ" to believing in the multiverse as well, as he is mathematically inclined. 

For my own part, I have been declared dead 4 times, yet here I am, in this reality. For those who are wondering, I had open heart surgery at 4mths, and died twice before and during surgery (which is crazy freaky).

Yet, here I am. 

So, would it not be that perhaps we all experience our own lives to be lived to the fullest, and die of natural causes or old age, in some cases, but we would be the only ones who would know?

I.E., in the scenarios in which I died four times, I died four times for real, and in another universe, my parents are who knows what, and living with the thought that I am dead, but in this universe, they are here to experience me being alive?

On another note, when I was addicted to drugs, I took a combo that should have killed me, it would have killed anybody else, yet here I am. I never even went to the ER or anything, I just rode it out.

I also knew a person, who, also like me took a cocktail of crazy and somehow lived, and the craziest part was that this person had a heart transplant at 7 years old. 

To me, I believe that we are not dead until we die of old age, but we might be perceived dead in some reality, but still alive in another.

However, the quantum immortality is something I had not thought of, and it is incredibly interesting to think about. If it is the case, then I shall live forever, somehow, in some manner, but be perceived dead by all others. That is p cool.

Is quantum indeterminism why they say that we might be in a simulation? If it's absolutely true, then it does sound like the universe is some sort of a genetic algorithm simulation, testing out all possible outcomes to perhaps find a suitable one.
Many-Worlds is the universe's A/B testing.
>If the equation shows that there are two possibilities, then why not assume that there are two possibilities?

Because equations are abstractions, not reality. Even in cases where math directly predicts outcomes (outside of theoretical physics), it would be unwise to confuse it with reality itself. This is the biggest failing of the human mind. We write down equations and decide that they must then somehow represent some kind of physical reality...just because. If I write an algorithm on a computer that allows for multiple outcomes to a given measurement, does that mean they all exist inside the computer somewhere? No. This is a real-world analogy. There is no real-world analogy or experimental example of even the possibility that more than one outcome exists at any given measurement instance, there is only a misguided physical interpretation of the abstract phenomena known as a "superposition". Only one outcome is ever observable, and all other outcomes do not "exist" out there somewhere in imaginary universes. 

Additionally, MWI claims to remove the "conscious observer" from QM, when in fact one of the tenets is that somehow a conscious observer magically becomes "inextricably entangled" with the experiment and the experimental result somehow, just by making a measurement. This seems to me a direct reference to consciousness being related or linked to measurement somehow. In fact MWI implies many things for consciousness itself including a splitting of consciousness into multiple branches of reality. It seems consciousness cannot be removed from MWI after all, a problem for any theory because experiments can be conducted without consciousness around. So the problem of what exactly is "happening" before measurement (i.e. the conscious observer becomes entangled with the measurement device, forcing one branch of the tree to actualize) becomes rather large. All in all it seems the many worlds interpretation has much to say about consciousness.

Finally, there is the difficulty of explaining delayed choice experiments in which the result at a detector may be decided long after a particle strikes it. Under MWI, when a particle strikes a detector, that result is set in stone, and also breaks entanglement. Therefore it should not depend on the later measurement.

MWI is untenable.
I tried to commit quantum suicide after reading this. My head hurts. 
Doesn't work, though. You're already in whatever universe you're in. If this is the universe where you die tomorrow, then you're screwed regardless of whether there's another where you live. You don't miraculously become your counterpart in another universe at the moment you would have died. 
Is the Many Worlds Hypothesis inconsistent with effective quantum computers? It seems that quantum computing operates on the assumption that particles ARE in all states simultaneously, and it sifts between all of them at the same time. If we're actually only in one state, then wouldn't quantum computers just spit out utterly random gibberish every time they operate?
Is the article implying that your consciousness and the consciousness of an alternate "you" are the same?

The problem I have with the Quantum Immorality thought experiment is that it seems to abuse language, favoring salience over clarity. For example, the article is stating that there _will_ be an alternate reality in which you survive however many 50/50 brushes with death. It further states that surviving nearly impossible odds somehow proves that there are infinitely many universes. What's being obscured is that these alternate realities only _could_ exist. Furthermore, as the odds against you approach infinity it's much more accurate to say that they _won't_ exist.
Which wins: quantum immortality or entropy?
Sort of an idea along these lines:

So say you are alive, live your life, and die in the completely typical predictable fashion. Infinite universes where every possible reality happens guarantees that somewhere there is a universe where an exact copy of you at the moment of your death wakes up and continues living.

 Maybe they're on some other planet or something.
Movie script idea:

Twisted serial killer learns about quantum suicide theory, not believing in it himself, but using the (in his mind) ridiculous idea to brainwash victims into believing in it. This way, he is able to successfully kill various people. However, little does he know, this theory isn't in fact crazy, but instead the people that he had killed in his universe continue to live in other universes. These people then convince other people that they heard the "ten clicks" and become serial killers themselves (thinking it's morally okay because the person doesn't "actually" die). This eventually creates an infinite number of murders/suicides throughout infinite universes.

"Karma" for the first individual (serial killer) could be that he is later sent to jail for these crimes. Horrible quality of life in prison leads him into thinking suicide is the only option, but little does he know the quantum suicide theory is true, causing him to spend the rest of eternity in prison, unable to kill himself to escape a living hell.
This article (and concommitant theories) seem to be touching on two things, from my pov. They are; self-referentialism, and statistical mechanics. 

Self-referentialism in looking at a system (empathizing with it) from it's perspective [super-position], based on phenomena we observe from the outside, that we observed by using a system of mechanics (physics/math) that has shown it's ability to elucidate (from our perspective): Self-Referentialism, how the super-position sees itself. 

And, statistical mechanics in the view of the sub-atomic particle phenomena. The sub-atomic paticle phenoma seems to be a threshold for where our systems of analysis (math/physics etc) seem to reverse [a threshold always indicates something, and this would seem to be a major one]. At this point [sub-atomic 'particle'(s)] our tools of analysis meant to reduce complexity actually flip, and increase complexity. Starting with a super-position and exploding (for lack of a better term) outward [allward really, from a decentralized-singularity, almost like a non three-dimensional 'surface']. 

This is what in statistical mechanics is known as 'the hydra'. This statistical-hydra is named as such because; the more you try to quantify it the more complex it gets. Like the ancient beast of the same name, who, once it had a head cut off would grow two in it's place. Same concept. (It's interesting that ancient humans had a conception of a hydra [not to get too anachronistic and conflate our statistical/quanta-mechanic understanding of the modern univwrsal-hydra with the conception of the hydra of old). If you want to to go down hydra theory, in statistical mechanics, I would recommend 'Anti-Fragile' by Nassim Taleb, and probably combine it with a statistical mechanics course by Leonard Susskind [free online] as well as other physics, and complexity, and philosophical sunstructure.

In this quantum theory connundrum (both perspectives) in this article, we are dealing with self-referentialism in sub-atomic (quantum) phenomena 'behavior', and, a threshold {particle} that indicates the statistical-hydra, whose complexity increases when we use traditional systems/tools of analysis to reduce it for conceptual processing ( intellectual digestion).

I might also add, further; my view on the term 'explosions'. The term 'explosions' in complexity, in either the big bang, or multiverse, there is no growth in the way we colloqually conceptualize it [1+], all the constituent parts are there from the beginning, everything that exists is interconnected [1], so explosion, or bang, is a misnomer. What I am saying is that an explosion is like 1 to infinity, and is connotatively different than 0-1, they are not analogues. I suspect the only true universal behavior to be binary, either on or off (Fluctuations might be indicators of this phenomena, if it exists, [but likely are not, as we currently understand fluctuations; are an indicator of something else, something smaller than universal behavior, but I thought I'd mention it as an indicator of some large behavior). 

Further, since this article makes an explicit bifurcation of physical-matter and other, I might add my own theory on physical 'matter'; 'things' that exist in our observeable (conceivable) reality exist in a spectrum of speed (motion), that is the speed of light. Sub-atomic 'particles' move at this speed (which is why they exist [by the way I defined it]), [these 'particles' are actually not matter, but thesholds {I will still refer to them as 'particles', however acknowledging it's connotative misnomer]. Then, on top of those 'particle'-movement (motion itself [I know motion is relative to a system, that system is a non-physical system in this case, however, it has consistent enough behavior in our observeable reality, and hence has a name: light]) is what 'matter', as we define it, is built on top of, through the law of large numbers. Matter is a phenomena built on top of (relatively) consistent 'motion'. Through the law of large numbers the movement of subatomic 'particles' are stable enough to build structure on top of: matter.

What are the 'particles'? They are a singular dual-threshold that our reality both begins and ends on top of, as an analogy (not to get to reductionistic, but as an analogue I'll use three three-dimensional geometric space:) our reality is a circle on top of a point, a point that is a threshold that both opens and closes the circle that, in this example is our conceivable universe. What is the threshold? It's the statistical hydra essence (dermis to anthropomorphise it). The reason it's called a statistical hydra is because of it's behavior (which I described earlier [the way it reacts to us]). Taken in it's totality (non-over extrapolated [I hope]) is why I call the universe a mother hydra, because it behaves like a hydra (when you attempt to quantify it [either up: red shift] [or down: sub-atomic super-position complexity 'explosion']) and because it produced/maintains us (no implied direction of causality however), and our entire reality, in all its complexity. The hydra is complexity itself, (some scientists [me] define life itself as complexity). And the mother part of it (if it isn't obvious): women (female) produce life, and mothers (by terminal definition) have produced life, and we are here, even if it is only in our own minds, that makes it a mother. Finally, the mother hydra, as the universe itself, is beautiful (subjective to us) in that it has been said that a way to bring home infinity (so that our finite minds can conceptualize infinity) is to think of infinity as a mothers love. So the thing that created (creates/maintains) us, loves us infinitely. And also; elegant. In the scope and breadth of it's explanatory power, and the [relative] simplicity of the theorem (appeal to occam's razor).


I'm probably a bit late to this but one thing I really struggle to reconcile with the many worlds explanation is that from our perspective shouldn't there be lots of things happening that don't fit with normal probability? What I mean is that if there are infinite universes that means that there's a universe out there where every spin of every roulette wheel that has ever existed has landed on black. There's a universe out there where every coin toss ever thrown has been heads. Two scenarios that would be noticed by the people populating those universes. So why does absolutely everything in our universe seem to follow normal probability rules, seems like too much of a coincidence that we just happen to be in the universe where it all makes sense. Some insight into this would be great! 
This article is off by 10.

> (1) The Copenhagen interpretation links consciousness with reality (you alter reality by being conscious of something) 


 Let's think what would happen if this was true. A particle interaction happens somewhere in front of us, and a photon travels towards our eye, gets translated to neural code and the event becomes conscious at least 120 ms later. If it is consciousness that causes the collapse to a state, then the whole path from the interaction to the part of our brain that makes the event conscious would have to change state as well, which means that it had to be quantum before the interaction. This is a frequent fallacy, and its root is that people use the word observer. When people say that observing an object in a quantum state collapses the wave-function they mean that **interacting** with the object will make it pick a state. Whether the interaction was caused by a conscious agent has little to do with quantum mechanics.
 
> (10) The Many-Worlds interpretation presents a more elegant alternative to the Copenhagen Interpretation in terms of its underlying assumptions because it does not assert a relation between observer’s consciousness and reality. 

This is already false, as explained in (1). Moreover, it is the Many-Worlds interpretation that has more underlying assumptions, because it assumes a. that there are more worlds which we do not observe and b. they are caused by a new quantum process that we have to explain on top of everything else. Not to mention the implications of a process that creates a full copy of the universe without leaving a trace.

If we take things objectively, we have two competing theories. Both might seem equally probable, but one introduces quite a lot of physics that we cannot test. Regrettably, it's the one that allows us to do fun thought experiments.
This is a thought that I have had for over a year now, tbh I was afraid of spreading it around. It's a kind of Basilisk.
Isn't quantum suicide an experiment we've all performed already? By means of the overwhelmingly slim odds of our own conception and birth? 
Can someone eli5 the notion of measurement in quantum mechanics for me? If a particle can occupy several seemingly contradictory positions before the instant of measurement, how do we know, if we haven't measured them? Or is this a prediction based on theoretical knowledge about the inner workings of physical phenomena within the framework of quantum mechanics? As in, everything we know about the behavior of particles indicates that they occupy such multifarious positions or states, yet we cannot "catch" them in the act or otherwise document that they do so? 

Thank you for any replies. 
"From the point of view of the migrating soul component, there is no conscious difference as the abandoned singularity does not exist to them. In their reality they were not hit by a bus or bullet like in the one they they would have been if they had not exited. They have moved into another chosen temporal accretion eventuality."
I'm totally new to this sub but I find it utterly fascinating the way science and philosophy intersect.  I guess I've always wrongly grouped philosophy in with religion.
I'm always surprised by how similar the many world interpretation of quantum mechanics is to David Lewis *on the plurality of worlds* (he takes modal logic at its value rather than quantum mechanics)
I don't see quantum immortality as an implication of the quantum suicide experiment rather than an assumption. The thought experiment assumes that one experiences the version of themselves that lives, regardless of circumstance. If you detach this notion, then the thought experiment provides no insight as to which interpretation is correct. 

Personally, I've considered the idea of quantum immortality, but only to the extent that everyone experiences the version of themselves that lives the longest; that is to say that one will never die in a car crash for instance, because there is a version that was not in the car at that time. However, I find it absurd to think that biology would be violated in this concept, as the article proposes.

As far as the actual interpretations, I don't see how the Copenhagen interpretation can be of equal merit to the many worlds interpretation. Both are unverifiable, sure. But the idea that an observation will alter physical states with no contact or conceivable quantum entanglement seems a bit far-fetched, at least in comparison to an interpretation that is independent of observation.
There is one possible counterargument for quantum immortality. If it's impossible to die from your point of view, then eventually you're going to live out even the sun itself and all the stars in the universe. What happens then? Life needs energy output to continue and once we reach the heat death of the universe, there will be no more energy being outputted by anything anymore. Surely that would mean the permanent end of your consciousness unless you could somehow create new energy?
Explain like I'm five: Quantum theory.
Can someone ELI5
Interesting topic but that was one of the more pretentious articles I've read.  Also, too many commas.
I have never read of quantum immortality before but the premise has crossed my mind. I have a terminal illness (cystic fibrosis) and there have many moments in my life where I have these intense near death experiences but I've pulled through... But what lead me to thinking about quantum immortality is my natural selection moments.


Crossing a road and almost getting hit and having this feeling like something happened. One day I almost accidentally started a house fire but I was so sure that I should of gone up in an inferno and reality baffled me so much as to how I was still alive that I thought I must of died and my consciousness is immortal because there was no way that I didn't start a fire that day.



Now I'm not trying to rub my ego and say that 'oh look I thought of quantum immortality' rather that if quantum immortality is *real* that every one of those real near death experiences and fissures in my reality were my deaths.


This shit hit me hard fam. 
Read permutation city for a great description of the dust theory 
As a practical matter, I wonder if it would be possible to detect 'outlier' or extremely unprobable scenarios to test between the interpretations.
If the 'many worlds' approach is the actual one, and every quantum event causes a split, or parallel universe, then wouldn't it be detectable through improbable events, or events that fall outside of 'average' that the many worlds approach would allow to exist?

Or is the vast number of particles too much for that to be a realistic thing to be able to measure?

I don't think this would apply to the first scenario, where your observation locks in the state of the system being observed, but I could be wrong, as I am not a physicist or anything.

I think the biggest problem with quantum immortality and the quantum doomsday device is largely that consciousness is largely misunderstood as a system.

Your consciousness has a shape in nature, and that shape changes. You are always becoming a new person, and the old person is always dying. It is a relationship. And that relationship changes over time.

So when that relationship changes in such a way that it no longer bears resemblance to what you were, it is still there. Nothing has been destroyed, it has only been changed; You will still have an experience. It will just be an experience that quickly devolves into chaos.
This is illustrated beautifully in Jason Shiga's comic book, "Meanwhile."
Doesn't this interpretation of quantum events show a multiverse?  I thought most theoretical physicists think that's untrue and supersymmetry is the most likely?
I didn't read the sources or the mathematical proofs for these experiments, but to me, if someone's theory involves a world or universe or any system that can't be observed, that seems like a useless theory. I could posit for instance, a new and unlikely outcome for a well understood chemical process, and just say it occurs in another universe that we can't observe. Am I right? Wrong? Can you tell the difference?
This article was one of the most interesting things I've read in a while. Thanks
We don't nearly know enough about quantum science to draw this sort of conclusions.
In addition to all the above responses, these thought experiments do not make a clear distinction between possible and imaginable. The total set of possibilities of an event doesn't necessarily include every imaginable outcome. Why should I assume that if I were to attempt to kill myself there is an alternate universe that either is or comes to be in which I survive? That seems a bit vain, personally, but more importantly, not particularly rigorous. 


Let's say consciousness is the other universes in the multiverse. Let's say these other universes are also the other versions of our selves who have been effected by our observance of them in the universe. Is birth the big bang of these universes? It makes for an interesting argument for the cyclic nature of life, as we can see that our larger planetary universe had a one as well. It also makes for an interesting argument for support of each other, and against snuffing a life (or whole universe copy of yourself) out.
They should attempt the double slit experiment in space.. js
Maybe they already have.. 
[deleted]
Eh, that's completely disregarding metaphysics. Edit: someone else said what I said much more articulately and accurately. But still, I feel like from a metaphysical perspective this thought experiment doesn't make a lot of sense. Because either:

A: Our consciousness is a solid entity which can't just jump to whichever branch of the multiverse is convenient

or

B: Our consciousness is not really defined by solid boundaries such as the brain and so we are kind of everywhere experiencing everything which means nothing that happens can make any difference.
If their are infinity universes- where as individuals we live forever- is that the afterlife? Never dying, just continuing to exist through infinite universes? 
Wait, so I'm confused. Obviously the effect of a particle's measured direction won't often be a life-or-death situation, but does it even have a quantifiable effect on reality at all? The difference between dead and not dead is like the difference between 1 and 0, where value 1 means "I can affect the universe in a measurable way" and 0 means "I can't measurably affect the universe." What are quantum physicists measuring, how are they measuring it, and what effects does particle measured at "1" or "up" have on the universe that are recognizably distinct from those measured as "0" or "down?" If they behave the same way, then we might as well be making a distinction between 1 and (-1) when the relevant value is how far it is from 0, if I'm understanding this correctly.

>Several additional interpretations are similar to the Copenhagen interpretation in that they also create a link between consciousness and reality.

The Copenhagen interpretation creates no link between consciousness and reality.
Your life's timeline looks like a tree, where every time you make a life changing decision it branches. Sometimes those branches end, and then your consciousness collapses back to a branch where you are still alive. The center branch is the tallest meaning it's the one where you live the longest life that's possible from all your decisions and/or situations that you've made/been in.  This life timeline viewed from outside 1D time looks like a tree, and therefore we get "the Tree of Life"
I highly recommend the book "Our Mathematical Universe" by Max Tegmark (http://amzn.to/2dY2fkw), which talks about this and related topics at length.

One interesting point Tegmark makes is that there's no practical difference between a quantum multiverse and an infinite single-universe multiverse (a multiverse separated by space). Every iteration of every possibility exists out there, just far beyond the 90 billion light year bubble we can currently see.
This sounds like a Physics interpretation of  [Eternal return   ]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eternal_return  ) 

I think it may be best to describe the universe as fuzzy.  

The thought experiments are interesting, but they fail by oversimplifying reality.  Just as classical behavior doesn't apply to quantum events, quantum behavior doesn't apply to macro events.

Measuring the up or down state is like taking a photograph of the fuzzy state, and the state at the time of measurement isn't particularly significant.  If some action is taken as a result of a measurement, then there's a real change, but the overall result is still a fuzzy universe.

While the universe is fuzzy, it's also consistent to the point where the aggregation of quantum events yields classical results on a macro level.  But this still allows for the possibility of a sort of butterfly effect, where the measurement of a quantum state can appear to cause a macro event.  In reality it's just a fancy way of rolling the dice, where an uncountable number of instantaneous quantum interactions generate the result.

To the extent that it's possible to actually measure a quantum state, the process of taking the measurement is influenced by (and evolves from) the whole fuzzy quantum environment.

Edit: So all we have accomplished is a transformation from a fuzzy universe at time A to a fuzzy universe at time B, where the transformation is predictable (from statistical (probabilistic) perspective), but not deterministic.


Welp, that explains the Cuban missile crisis.
i think we are over thinking this whole quantum thing.

the reason spin appears as up or down when we measure it is because we measured it... no other reason.

the fact that its it spinning (whichever way) does much care that we measured it... its just a show in our minds to convince us we know what fuck we are looking at.

the reality is we don't know what the fuck we are looking at, so might as well smoke a bowl and turn on the TV.


I definitely don't think many worlds seems intuitive at all, it also doesn't seem like a simpler explanation. This article acts like there's a dichotomy between the two interpretations of quantum physics and invalidating one validates the other. However it's quite possibly neither are correct.
Just throwing this out there, some of the points made in the article remind me of Alan Watts's speeches. The is and isn't at the same time.  
I find it slightly confusing how a quark can rotate clock-wise and anti-clockwise/ move up and down at the same time. Can you imagine that? Or is that something that can't be imagined because our brains are wired to attribute meaning to everything.  
On a little side note, I always find thought experiments fascinating.  
This version of the story is full of bugs.
I'm not sure i understand the Many worlds Interpretation.Say that we have an experiment with two possible outcomes .One outcome is said to have 70 percent probability of happening and the other 30.But according to MWI both outcomes happen to different "branches" of reality.So the probabilities that we've assigned to the outcomes are meaningless.Where am i wrong?
I can't believe I used to speculate things like this when I was a kid in school and ate sci-fi movies like ice-cream. Afterwards, when I actually started reading stuff like quantum physics and AI, the instructors keep reminding us- The actual interpretation of what this means to us in real world is a discussion in philosophy and we'll skip that ヽ(ಠ_ಠ)ノ
Can someone explain something to me? 

Is Quantum Uncertainty truly analogous to Schrödinger's cat?  Or no?

Essential, Schrödinger tells us that since we cannot measure whether the cat is alive or dead it must be both, but conventional physics would say that it is either and its state is independent of our ability to measure it.  So is a quark actually spinning both up and down and then locks in when we observe it, or is it only one or the other but is impossible to measure before we interact with it?
Really interesting. Let's suppose the multiverse theory is actually true, consider the moral implications. None of our actions would have any consequences in the collection of realities. They obviously would in a single world but if we knew that in at least one other universe they wouldn't, how are we going to be able to determine what the current *reality* is?
I find this paradoxical. If after 1000 tries I survive, I'd be pretty confident the many worlds are real, but my assistant waiting outside will not because to him it'll be as unlikely to see me alive whether the many worlds are true or not. How can we logically arrive to different conclusions while having the exact same information?  Or else, what do I know that he doesn't that let me arrive to a different conclusion than his?
Somewhere the crocodile hunter still lives...
Now, I'm not saying we all need to become QM hippies, but when people latch on to some aspect of it and get carried away, their logic makes perfect sense and they deserve at least a grudging acknowledgement of that. 

I'm quite convinced that nonlocal hidden variable is the only interpretation that makes sense when you compare its logical extremes with the world we experience. 

That still leaves us with panpsychism though. 
I don't think that you would end up living forever. Under our current models of physics, your mind would eventually be impossible once the space-time you occupy expands to the point were it no longer allows for a complex enough system to allow anything that could be considered thought.

Quantum immortality only works if there is a non-zero chance of you surviving. If there is a 100% chance, such as a gamma ray burst guaranteed to hit the earth in the next 10 seconds, then your consciousness is over in all possible realities.
Every day I attempt to walk through a different wall to gain access to an alternate universe and find that universe's copy of me and hang out.

So far I have not made it through, nor has a copy of me from an alternate reality shown up to hang out.

Thus we can conclude that the Many-Worlds Interpretation is false?
My name likes this
I will never understand why physicists and other supposedly rational "men of science" insist upon creating insanely complex theories to jump through convoluted mental hoops purely so that they can "take their math literally" - rather than simply admitting the obvious truth:  We *don't know* the behavior of the particle while it is not being observed - and obviously there is no way to gain the knowledge without in some way *observing* it.  

They would rather sit and argue for *years on end* that a cat in a box is *both alive and dead* than simply admit that they *don't @#$%ing know* whether it is alive or dead, and won't find out until they open the box...

Edit:  To be perfectly clear - I fully understand that schrodinger's thought experiment regarding the cat is not meant to be taken literally, and that even people who believe this lunacy generally claim it doesn't work on a macroscopic scale - only on the quantum level.  I simply maintain that it makes no more rational sense on a quantum level - and that all of the "problems" solved by these convoluted theories can be quite simply explained by admitting that we *don't know* something, and thus are forced to account for multiple possibilities in our math.  
So, I just want to make sure we're all aware that this is playing with common misinterpretations of quantum physics because philosophers would look really, really stupid trying to sell us on quantum mysticism. I mean I get that you guys like to think about the world under different sets of rules (even if they're not supported by science) and that these common misinterpretations can be really interesting. That's fine with me. Even if they fail science's *"So what?" test* they can still be interesting. So interesting in-fact, that you should all go check out some anime that also like to play with these misinterpretations: namely the Raildex series, and Chaos Head. 

So, while I'm here, let me plain the physics a bit, so that everyone understands reality as distinct from these thought experiments. In quantum physics we have something called Schrodinger's (Wave) Equation. This equation was originally made because we couldn't predict the behavior of electrons. It has sense been expanded to include more massive particles. The equation essentially uses probability waves to *predict* electron behavior. It's important to understand that this is a probabilistic theory, it can only make predictions in large numbers. Now this mysterious wave everyone talks about is a probability wave. It's not some sort of stretched out electron nor does it indicate the electron is in-between existences. Electrons are real, fundamental particles. They're well known to be discrete entities. A probability wave on the other hand is what physicist call a *virtual construct*. Virtual constructs never really exist and are only useful within a particular context. In the case of a probability wave it's only useful in an energy diagram (usually an energy well). It doesn't make any sense to talk about a free probability wave -- that's equivalent to saying I have no idea where my electron is. Alternatively, you can talk about free electrons in a vacuum. (Note: the more common virtual particle people learn about in their freshman physics courses is the phonon, which only ~~exists~~ makes sense in the context of a crystal lattice.)

Now there are some people, hopefully a very small minority of edgy teenagers, who understand all that and still want to argue because they lack a basic understanding of philosophy of science. Usually what those arguments come down to is that science doesn't play with indeterminism. Science adheres to determinism and accepts that we don't have a theory good enough to predict exact details. This goes with chaos theory's definition of random as unknown factors in a deterministic system (like background noise). Probabilistic theories in science also adhere to this; however, proababilitism elsewhere is sometimes interpreted with the idea of randomness as indeterminism. Science (noun) can't science (verb) an indeterminable aspect of a system, and because science doesn't deal with things it that can't be measured (measurements require consistency so) science tosses the indeterminable. 

You guys can still play your thought experiments and take the indeterminable, but that's not science. And that's okay! It's still interesting, I just have to make sure we're all on the same page with what science *is* and that no one is trying to sell me pseudo scientific quantum mysticism.
I've read a bit about these recently, it's quite interesting. I'm writing a short story about them at the moment, so will give this a good read later on.
One area this does not address is the interesting case of convergence. If all of these splits are happening then eventually chance will dictate that two split universes will converge back into the same one. I think that would be an interesting idea to explore as well.
awesome read
Quantum immortality is one of those ideas I wish I had never encountered. I know it's pointless but I can't help but wonder how many times I have left my loved ones behind.
The Mandela effect points us in those directions.
Authors do not understand how a "machine gun" works. Pulling the trigger ten times almost certainly will not result in only ten shots, in any universe. Also, any "dud" in the chain causes the gun to not fire any additional rounds until the action is reset in every universe where the dud was fired.
Didn't the LHC suffer some weird problems before being turned on?
My problem with the whole idea of Quantum Immortality is that it is assumed that we don't have consciousness upon death. 
How does quantum immortality deal with the heat death of the universe?  How about falling into a black hole?
Though a neat idea, quantum immortality takes as a given that we are in the universe in which we live.  I see no reason why it should default to where the observer lives. 
What if we die and another one of us continues living?
Edit: die to live
How does the many worlds interpretation account for the heat death of the universe?
ok look, an abstract of an abstracted based on what people admittedly can't understand is beyond stupid. This is what this is.
I read this on Reddit while a girl had me wait a minute while she went to put on lingerie and she told me it's the best sex we've had. I think I'll let her believe it was her that turned me on. 
Hence, it is argued, I will never actually experience my own death, but from my own perspective will live forever, even as countless others will witness me die countless times. Life however will get very lonely, since everyone I know will eventually die (from my perspective), and it will seem I am the only one who is living forever — in fact, everyone else is living forever also, but in different universes from me.” thats what exactly i had experienced while ay last death, when waking up the world existed but the folks within it didnt or couldnt notice me at all it was by far the best experience i felt the mourning of relative's an friends as if they faded away as they would in real life the odd thing i felt as if the people that i know now are are put in reality for no reason but to keep our lives respected to feel a part of it
Many-Worlds Theory is, frankly, a completely illogical model of thought.  First of all, it states that measurement causes a split in reality, creating a different universe in which the measurement resulted in a different outcome.  What I want to know is *how*?   The universe is subject to causality, which states that it must have had a set *cause,* an Immovable Mover. 

Therefore, it's not possible that a measurement can result in an alternate outcome, because the value of all these variables throughout the universe were already set.  If there is a penny on the ground, whether or not I will pick up the penny is determined by the variables.  My mood, the cleanliness of the penny, if I'm in a hurry or not.  These variables are the result of a long series of actions and results, and are *set.*  Many-Worlds theory proposes that these variables can somehow change in some nebulous way, and the reason behind this is not even addressed.  

Also, where is all this energy and matter coming from?  If there is enough matter for one universe, how is enough raw material available for another one?
Tl:Dr it's impossible to experience death so consciousness continues. I was into this stuff before it was cool and I have a deeper understanding of it than you wannabes ever could >:(
Quantum Suicide is disgusting...and the Doomsday Device can get shoved up the ass of the filthy operators. I am dead serious when I speak about Quantum Suicide, which is essentially a ritual suicide where the victim, against his or her will, is continuously tortured over and over again through brainwave frequencies, very often times excruciating or deadly pain and or death. Our government's way of getting "rid" of people it doesn't like or deem unworthy. There have been innocent people and others who have gotten in the Quantum suicide in the involvement of foul play. 

It's calculated. It's all freakin calculated anyone with an eye and an ear can see it but it's calculated crap, especially that Doomsday Device.

I believe only the Quantum explosion should be reserved for the most NOTORIOUS in society, as in, those who pose a threat to the welfare of the country and not the bullying we've been seeing all too often from both 3rd party and other entities. 

In all it's VERY illegal and needs to be stopped. It was stopped before then It got picked up again by all these crazy ass other scientist who, quiet frankly, give the rest of us a bad name. 
Hey Geoff, 

I was wondering how much time as a philosopher one should spend arguing with friends on facebook. And does the right amount of time change (go up or down) with age/tenure/prestige? :p

Thanks!


Copy-pasting my question from the other page.

Thank you Prof. Pynn for this AMA!

Recent work in philosophy of language has centered around pejorative language, where most theorists tend to agree that slurs, in particular, communicate derogatory content.

My question is this: Do you think there is significant similarity between the derogation present in slurring and the degradation present in instances of testimonial injustice?
Hi Geoff,

Thanks for doing this AMA! I have three questions, all of which are about graduate school. I’d appreciate any feedback on any of the questions you might be able to comment upon.

1.	Can you talk a bit more about the process of applying to graduate school? Specifically, what areas of the application do you think are worth really emphasizing.

2.	Can you talk a little bit about the process of choosing a graduate school (assuming one is lucky enough to get into more than one)? What are the factors that should help determine that kind of decision?

3.	Can you talk a little bit about MA programs, PhD programs, joint programs (JD/PhD, MD/PhD, MBA/PhD, etc.), etc.? Not sure what would be best for me as my interests are still underdeveloped.

I know that’s a lot of questions but any feedback would be much appreciated! Given that you did your PhD at Yale and now run an MA program, I thought you might have good insight into these.

Thanks!

Hello Mr. Professor, lately on my life I have been "learning" more and more from "Youtube videos", without trying to take any legitimacy out of the quality of the content one may get from it, as I believe is normally done. I have seen many channels in english with amazing content, I am starting to find channels in my langauge, spanish, who are following the same trend french, german, etc.. not sure who started to make this kind of educative videos, like Wi-Phi, School of life, and others that require more comprehension of the topics as you get deeper, but my question is, can knowledge be developed quickly for new generations as we learn to open more receptors in order learn more from reduced transmitters of information, by this reduced, I mean, "oh its a video, you went get as much as you would get from a book, knowledge takes more than that". Hope my question is valid, if not thanks anyways! 
Hi Prof. Pynn! Thanks for doing the AMA.

What do you think the best response is to the problem of negative existentials? Also, how do you think we should make sense of nonexistent objects in general? 
Hi Geoff,

I'm curious what your thoughts are on the role of philosophy in the public. Obviously from your work with Wi-Phi (and our many conversations), I know one way in which you see it's value but i'm curious how you think philosophy can be a part of the broader conversation? I suppose, i'm also curious if you think it *should* be a part of the larger conversation.
 
Does knowing that p require a belief in p and a second knowing that p is true?  Does this second knowing require a third that THAT belief is true resulting in a regress?  In other words, does knowing that "the cat is on the mat" require knowing that ""the cat is on the mat" is true" which requires knowing that """the cat is on the mat" is true" is true""" and so on?  
Hi Geoff. I am glad you are doing this!

What is a norm of assertion, and why aren't there any epistemic ones?
Hi Geoff, thanks for taking the time to do this.

Philosophy has always seemed like a very isolated/independent profession, despite being applicable to, essentially, every other field of inquiry. 

As a social scientist who is interested in philosophy, the more recent X-Phi movement is pretty encouraging in terms of interdisciplinary collaboration. I would love to do joint work with a philosopher, to sharpen my logic, rigor, and ideas. Any tips on how to find philosopher's interested in applied empirical research?
Thanks for doing this AMA.  I've been studying language semantics and truth theories this past year.  It seems that many authors grant that propositions are the fundamental truth bearers (or at least that it is plausible that they are), but when developing truth theories they default to sentences as truth-bearers for expediency.  This idea is expressed in the following quote from the linked Feferman paper:

>we have first to address the common philosophical issue whether
truth is a predicate of sentences or of propositions. We would certainly grant that if two sentences, from the same or different languages, express the same proposition then their truth conditions agree. That would seem to argue in favor of truth as a
predicate of propositions. The argument in favor of sentences is that we have excellent theories of sentences as structured syntactic objects; these can be dealt with in full precision and with great flexibility in formal theories of syntax as provided for example in concatenation theory, or elementary set theory, or in arithmetic via Godel coding.  The nature of propositions is obscure by comparison; one issue is whether or not they are structured objects. And what does it mean for a sentence to express a proposition? When do two sentences express the same proposition? Are all propositions expressible in some language? Finally, do all sentences in a given language express a proposition? **When we settle, as is customary in work on axiomatic theories of truth, on sentences being the truth-bearers, one avoids dealing with all but the last of these difficulties...**


https://math.stanford.edu/~feferman/papers/AxTruthSchwiFest.pdf

So my question is, do you think that propositions or sentences are the fundamental truth-bearers?  And do you think that it could be the case that settling on sentences to avoid some of the difficulties of using propositions necessarily comes with certain limitations (if in fact propositions are the fundamental truth bearers)?
Do you have any thoughts on the "partner in crime" sort of argument for moral realism, to my knowledge popularized by Terence Cuneo in *The Normative Web*, wherein moral norms are likened to epistemic norms and, it is argued, we cannot non-arbitrarily reject one without rejecting the other?
Thanks for doing this AMA!
Great to know that you have an interest in epistemic injustice!....but I have not dived into it yet!  But from the outlook of it it sounds very interesting.

So sorry if i ask some shallow questions! 

I wonder what is your view on emotion in relation to testimonial injustice and epistemic degradation? How important can emotion be?
Of course, our new knowledge of,say, Jones, can change our emotion towards him. For instance, from suspecting Jones stole your pencil to finding out he just wants to sharpen it for you, our emotion towards Jones has changed from  angry to happy. There we have the cognition changes emotion view.
But there are studies that show that emotions can sometimes be altered by non-cognitive mean. Such as the tempature of the cup of beverage you are holding change your judgement about the charactor of target person, hugging a teddy bear makes you feel less excluded in group, colour of the environment can change your mood and so on. The worry is not just non-task related factors can change our emotion, but that such emotion in turn influence our judgement. So i think there are some cases of "involuntary" epistemic injustice due to the change of emotion caused by non-task related factor(s).

So, maybe the investigation of epistemic injustice should more or less work along with investigation of emotion as well?
Thank you!
Hi Geoff,

As a recent Philosophy MA grad I made the tough decision to pursue a different career in tech rather than go for a PhD.  There was at least one other student in my class who made the same decision. My questions are this:

1. What work do you think needs to/is being done to make pursuing a career in philosophy less risky and more of a viable option? Or do you think we (we being the philosophical community) have the power to do this at all?

2. Do you see the migration of philosophy students to other careers as a good or bad thing? To you think this helps to make other fields/areas of thought more aware of philosophy, or does it detract from philosophy as a field?

Thanks for doing this AMA!
My question is about self-understanding of justification for a piece of controversial knowledge. When I took epistemology my friends and I talked a lot about a case where to all third-person external observers, an individual appeared quite guilty of a certain crime; video evidence, an eye-witness or two, etc. However, the individual in question, while recognizing how bad it looks and how reasonable everyone is to find him guilty, cannot himself believe in his guilt because he not only has no memory of performing such criminal acts, but distinctly remembers, as well he has ever remembered anything, having done something very different at the same time on the other side of town. He sees the external evidence, but his internal sense of reality, through memory and lack thereof, prevents him believing in his own guilt. 


If I were in this individual's position, how should I regard my own ken? Is my strong internal understanding of the facts enough to justify holding to my innocence against some fairly damning external evidence? Could I reasonably say 'yes, the evidence for the contrary is strong, but I *know* I didn't do this.'

edit: Can I justify the great certainty I would feel?
Do you have any sense of the academic reputation of St. John's College? I am applying to Leiter 10-40 PhD programs from SJC this fall and want to know if I have a realistic chance with a 3.92 GPA and a 335 GRE (assuming decent letters, statement, and essay). 
This AMA is being permanently archived by *The Winnower*, a publishing platform that offers traditional scholarly publishing tools to traditional *and* non-traditional scholarly outputs—because scholarly communication doesn’t just happen in journals.

To cite this AMA please use: [https://doi.org/10.15200/winn.147628.83869](https://www.thewinnower.com/papers/5524-i-am-geoff-pynn-philosophy-professor-at-northern-illinois-university-ask-me-anything)

You can learn more and start contributing at [*thewinnower.com*](https://thewinnower.com)

[deleted]
Hello Professor, thanks for doing this AMA! 

1. What is your idea on the subject of free will from a philosophical/neuroscientific point of view?

2. What do you think about Nietzsches criticism of truth especially in regard to language in his book "Über Wahrheit und Lüge im außermoralischen Sinne" (On truth and lies in a normal sense)?


Hi Geoff,

What do you think of Continental philosophy specifically with regards to language?

Do you pay any attention to it at all, what continental philosophy have you read or considered worthwhile if any?
Hey Geoff Pynn first of all thanks for the AMA!

Question: Will philosophy ever become useless as science progresses or will there always be things to question?

I guess this goes hand in hand with the question "Is there infinite knowledge?"
I'm currently reading Randall Kennedy for my Social and Political Philosophy class. Can you explain the cognitive dissonance that Kennedy is getting at when explaining how racism is more powerful in its language over hate by religious views?
Can you talk about the "trends" of the current Philosophy is taking? With all the scientific and technological improvements and how they are changing the way we interact, I think what are the philosophical currents/branches that are being born/improved/revisited.
Hey prof.pynn, thanks for doing this AMA!
And I just have a really short question, as a high school student who really enjoys philosophy, what do you think is the most valuable thing that you have ever learned from said subject?
Hello Geoff! Thank you for taking the time to do this.

I'm an undergraduate student myself, formerly just history and now history + philosophy, so I'm still only about shin to knee deep in this.

Having watched your Wi-Phi video on Virtue Epistemology (which is something that I have yet to learn about), I have a premature question. I'm currently concerned with what we can know about fictional objects. Do you think that virtue epistemology could help support a metaphysics where there are real fictional objects, public or private? In addition, what are some good sources for virtue epistemology both that talk about its core and ones that bridge into virtue ethics. Thanks again!
So, uh, can anything truly be known for certain? And if not, how do you know that?
Hello professor.

Im a graduate of film school and we had a subject called film theory and it teaches how philosophy was used as a way to explain cinema. Because of that im planning to enter a masters in philosophy in the future.

My questions are:

1. Regarding aesthetics: ¿How aesthetics can be applied in the study of visual arts and do you know any modern philosopher that has studied aesthetics?

2. Martial arts: ¿Is there a epistemological way to explain how we learn martial arts or any combat sports?



I hope I'm not too late to the party.

I personally think that the problem of identity, like the ship of theseus, is easily solved when you see through identity as a definitive description. It is rather  an all inclusive concept than a particulaire description. The ships inclusive identity is any of it's states that are relevant to the conception of the ship. So Identity can be seen as all inclusive where people take in particulaire concepts based on relevancy.

Someone who build the ship will notice it's part being replaced, but the wife of a sailor would only care for her husband, the concept of the ships identity revolves around her husband on the ship. 
The problem of identity lies in relevancy of concepts. Not if the ship changes or not.

Could you either destroy this argument or expand on it?
What do you feel about Michael Shermer's Quote, Humans are pattern seeking animals who are adept at seeking them whether or not they exist ?
Hi im sorry if someone already asked in the comments above are you more of an empirist or a rationalist in episthémologie?.
Is disagreement possible between reasonable people looking at the same evidence? 


Ever since childhood I've been told that I "have to" believe Human Rights is a good thing, but they include the freedom to think whatever I want.

Is there any book or paper you'd recommend that discuss this kind of topic? Not necessarily about human rights, but on how a liberal moral seemingly contradicts itself when claiming it is better than other morals.
Why bus always coming when someone starts smoking. As no smoking person it's kills me
What is your opinion about the Philosoher, Hume?
If an animal can not recognise that he is living. (Mirror test) then its only purpose in life is the biological one, to breed. 

My question is, is it wrong to de-sex let's say a dog under these circumstances? 

Ps. I honestly have no idea how I feel about this but I think is an interesting question. 
Hmm, ok I'll play..
Why do one go and learn philosophy?
At the "end of the day" every book you'll read is a personal story of the one who wrote it.
A story, why of life, opinion, her or his path.
Your story is yours only.

Why to look for answers in books that tell other people stories when the answers for your story lies in you? ;)
Hi Prof. my question is, philosophes like Slavoj Zizek have said that they do not want to live in a world were people discuss if rape is right or wrong, but that these basic human agreements are taken as not necessary to debate by a community of I guess moral human beings, yet my question to you is , is there validity in arguing for the duty of the philosopher to question everything even the darker sides of human behavior instead of just surrendering to the common consensus no matter how well intended it may be? or will this simply send us in an spiral of moral relativism?
This may seem like a stupid question. But are there multiple types of philosophies? I just recently took an interest in others way of looking at the universe, life, nature, etc. 
What's your position on the mind-body problem?
Hi prof,
What do you think about the dualistic view vs the monistic view Robert Solomon talks about in his book *The Big Questions*?
Go huskies 
Do you have any female student? if yes in which percentage compared to males?
[removed]
> How should one tell an AI what to do? Well, you have to have some form of communication that both humans and AIs can understand—and that is rich enough to describe what one wants. ... [U]ltimately one needs a full symbolic discourse language.

I have so many questions!

- What would it mean to have an artificial intelligence that could not understand natural language? How would intelligence be identified is this case?
- If an artificial intelligence could understand this full symbolic discourse language, would it not, by the nature of its own intelligence, eventually be able to understand natural language?
- What guarantee is there that a full symbolic discourse language would be usable on the human side of these communications? The human participant would have the same "knowledge of the world" as the AI participant, but this knowledge has to take a particular form, it has to take a common form within the /full symbolic discourse language/.
- How do the participants in this communication negotiate the meaning of things that were previously unknown? If there is a mechanism to add or modify meanings in this language, how does one prevent these changes from shifting the common paradigm that grounds the language?
Can someone tl;dr?  I read the first 13 pages and have no idea what point the author is trying to make.  It seems like some semantic bullshit about what an individual ("I") is.

There are 3 proposed cases to a brain/body being duplicated:

1. I do not survive
2. I survive as one of the two people
3. I survive as both

So if we assume that "I" refers to the existing set of attributes associated with my person, and "survive" refers to the continued representation of those attributes, the obvious answer seems to be a slight adjustment to 3: I survive *in* both of the two people.  The distinction being that there are now two "I"'s, and it doesn't make sense to say that I am two people, rather than that I am represented by two distinct people.
This discussion thread has been locked since almost all the comments respond to the title of the post rather than its content, and there simply is too much of it for us to moderate.
I've been In philosophy class. Most people don't care or don't get it. It's an acquired taste I've come to believe
I hate the "there is no wrong answer" open forum type philosophy my HS taught, rather than teaching you how to think logically and scrutinize an argument. Instead it's more like "Are we free?" and then a bunch of 16 year olds complaining they can't do what they want. 
Philosophy is mandatory in the last year of high school in France. I'm not sure it makes a better society.
Some of the exam topics (the format is hand-written essay, no document allowed, 3 hours. And you'd better cover all possible answers to get a decent grade):

2016:
- Is working less living better?
- Does one have to demonstrate to know?
- Do we always know what we desire?
- Why do we have an interest to study history?
- Are our moral convictions based on experience?
- Is desire by nature limited?
- To be just, is it enough to follow the law?
- Can we always justify our beliefs?

2015:
- Does a work of art always have a meaning?
- Does politics escape the duty to be truthful?
- Does the individual conscience only reflect the society to which one belongs?
- Do artists give something to understand?
- Is respecting all living beings a moral duty?
- Am I what my past has made me?

For those who don't like essays, there is always the choice to comment a text.




Yeah! And all of our kings should be philosophers too!
[removed]
[removed]
As an elementary school teacher who majored with b.a. in philosophy, I have always argued that they should start teaching simple logic in 3rd or 4th grade. It's on par for the mathematical reasoning they are asked to do.
Except you'd have to change the basic school structure so Americans could understand logic first, then philosophy.
Do you have a transcript for this video? Not interested in sitting through that robot voice.
I don't think this would work out as well as we might hope. It seems to me there are three limiting factors.

1. **Limited time**: the class could only give a very superficial gloss of philosophy, enough to cover the basic schools of thought and most notable philosophers, but not enough to explore them in any depth. 
2. **Complexity**: philosophy is a tremendously complex subject, with many different schools of thought, very specialized terminology and sometimes no clear answers. 
3. **Prioritization**: If you can't get into all the philosophical schools of thought, what gets prioritized? Given how impressionable kids are, and how formative philosophical concepts can be, this could create some political and social conflicts. 

It seems to me the class would almost inevitably turn into either A) a "history of philosophy" class, focusing on the major philosophers, their schools of thought and a few very basic conclusions they reach, or B) a logic class, focusing on fairly basic rules of logic and critical thinking skills. 

Both of these might be tremendously valuable, but they are much more limited in scope. Philosophy is tremendously valuable, but the complexity, time limits and student interest may make it a poor fit for high school. 
[removed]
As someone who majored in Philosophy in college, I can readily attest that Philosophy 101 changed my life. I think if a version of it were taught as a junior or senior level high school course, it could go a long way for our society.

Above all else, philosophy asks questions for which there are often no clear-cut answers. Mankind has taken it as an imperative to explore the unknown, whether that's charting new lands, scaling mountains, diving deep into the oceans, or staring / launching ourselves into space. Philosophy is no different from these endeavors, and there is a purity to it, a virtuousness intrinsic to it, that exposes our more noble natures in a world that desperately needs more focus on them.

Western civilization has more of a dualistic nature ingrained into it, than do eastern counterparts; we're often taught "right vs wrong," "light vs dark," "good vs evil," but many of our biggest problems in life arise from gray areas. Philosophy, even the introduction to it, teaches the mind that different stances can hold merit against the same overriding question. In life we constantly find that it's not so much about the ultimate answer, or final destination, but how we go about getting there.

If introducing these concepts--ethics, existentialism, determinism, etc--to a group of young minds could make a difference in even a few, then the endeavor is worth it. I don't think that Kant or Plato are too advanced for a 17 or 18 year old to be able to grasp, with the proper instruction.
In my high school experience, philosophy was a small part of history and literature classes. Not all high schools are like this, of course.
Having been a high school teacher once upon a time, I can tel you, one of the things sorely lacking in today's system is the ability for "Critical Thinking". Unfortunately, making kids actually question things and not leading them to believe the world is "rainbows & unicorns" can be found "Offensive to their sensibilities." Kids are taught tests, and that is it. 
The Quebec school system differs from the rest of Canada. In our equivalent of College, we already have a mandatory philosophy class - I love it, but most students treat it as pointless, which is a shame.
I've always felt that we need to teach statistics and it's applications in our world. Including being able to critically assess the information we are often presented as "fact" based on "studies". I imagine the same applies to philosophy to a certain extent (but i'm not a philosopher by any stretch). 
Teaching anything in American high schools would make for a better society. The American education system is shit. Even calling it an education system is giving it more credit than it deserves. 
Critical thinking should be taught even before school. 
Our high school has a college philosophy class that more than half of students take
I think a critical thinking class would be better.

In high school we should be teaching kids the basic skills they need to survive: how to balance a budget, manage credit, prepare a meal, maintain a vehicle, use birth control, change a diaper, apply for a job, take care of their body, etc.

We should also be teaching them skills that will help them find a job later in life.  Let's bring back typing classes and teach students data entry.  Let's require them learn how to be an engineer, electrician, welder, or machinist.  

Philosophy is awesome, but it's a luxury.  We have too many people who don't know how to take care of themselves.  We have too many people who are easily duped by politicians.  And we have too many people that graduate from college with nothing to put on their resume but an arts degree.
I'm all for it. Get me state funding and a state requirement for a logic class, an ethics class, and a philosophy elective. And make the teachers have philosophy certification. Go. Convince the legislatures!
Teach basic finance and civics before they worry about something extraneous like a philosophy class. 
Of course this is a top post in /r/philosophy. 

Look, I get it. Philosophy is great.

Stop trying to make everyone else like it(and shove it down their throat so to speak) when they don't care. We have people on the Radio over here, professors of Philosophy arguing that Philosophy should be taught in school. 

Yeah sure maybe, but I think its a bit... redundant coming from a professor of philosophy. Obviously you think the subject has value because you're invested in it. When a rocket scientist, an entrepreneur and a whole host of other people jump on it I'm in, but please don't expect me to sign up for interpretive basket weaving when the only advocates are interpretive basket weavers.
Teaching philosophy would be great, as long as it's taught for students to question their beliefs, question the ideas of virtue. Essentially to promote free thinking. 
Here in Spain we've had compulsory philosophy in high school for decades. It became just another one of those subjects where students have to memorise everything and vomit it in the exam. Considering that philosophy os supposed to make people think by themselves and see the world in a different way, it was horribly focused. And I speak in past tense because the last educative reform, instead of fixing issues of our educative system like this one, has made philosophy a mere optative subject.
I'm a philosophy PhD student at a fairly top school and I cannot express enough how much I agree with the title of this post. Philosophy is one of the most misunderstood subjects out there. It is NOT NOT NOT about "half-baked" ideas about the meaning of life or about whether we're living in the matrix. Real philosophy that's common in American colleges (moreso at the introductory level) involves topics like the following: 

--What are some logical fallacies and how can you avoid them?

--What's an argument and what constitutes a counter-example to an argument?

--What are the best rules of thumb for forming beliefs and for saying that you "know" certain things?

--What makes an action morally good and what makes one morally bad? 

--Are scientist who talk about traditionally philosophical questions getting it right or are they making mistakes? (Some of the philosophical questions that scientists talk up these days include things like "what's the relationship between the brain and the mind?" or "can science tell us what a morally good action is?").

And one of the best things about working on such questions is that they are perfectly designed to foster in students some of the most important traits you get from an education: an ability to doubt and revise your own ideas, an ability to criticize arguments properly, an ability to write clearly and persuasively, an ability to speak clearly and persuasively (many of these traits are central to an education in law, or many of the social sciences, but I think philosophy is best at it...plus philosophy involves some fun questions about free will, moral dilemmas, consciousness, etc).

Cheers 
People have to be able to think in order to grasp any philosophy and that is the last thing that any public school in the US wishes to occur.
What is philosophy? If we're teaching them how to reason, then sure. If we're talking worldviews, maybe not. 
Or just teaching basic logic and reasoning...
I kek'd. No, no it wouldn't. Interested, curious and thoughtful people would make for a better society. Teaching philosophy in school doesn't guarantee the students will be curious, interested or thoughtful.
Sorry but there is no practical application to philosophy in terms of production. Math, science and History do. 
Everyone is full of suggestions as to what needs to be added to the high school curriculum, but it's extremely rare for those same people to explain what it is we will be taking away to make room.
At this rate, teaching anything of substance would make for a better American society. 
Highschool teaches kids how to do as their told and not question anything.  Teachers want students to say the same answer and to be one.  There is no thought process in school, it's just a bunch of mindless thinking and pure memorization with no building of true knowledge and comprehension.  A highschool kid would fail philosophy so I'm not sure how you would teach it on a highschool level since it's barely teaching as it is.  They say the same script for years and years.  
Depends what type of philosophy. Seeing the state some universities are in, I really don't think you guys need your high schools churning out little Marxists.
In America, philosophy is basically an anathema and look what happened to our populace. 50 million people are going to vote for an open fascist who wants to do them harm.
So long as you teach quality. Are you teaching quality?

(Sorry if that causes anyone to have a breakdown, have ECT and buy a motorcyle.)
W8, there's no philosophy subject in American High Schools?
They do in my school, we have a lot of variety in our course choices.
My school does this! It's called Theory of Knowledge, and it's a required part of the IB Diploma. 
I'd argue there are lots of things that would help the school curriculum.  An introduction to cultural anthropology, or even contemporary art as it actually exists and relates to the wider cultural context of the world  (I.e not just construction paper and marker compositions that can be pinned to the fridge.)    These subjects could introduce ideas of plurality, subjectivity, or even nonsense, in a way that requires deep critical and lateral thinking to reconcile with the students own lived experience.   Knowing the impossibility of ever really knowing fosters humility and empathy IMHO than the more positivist focus of other subjects.
In France, they have it. It doesn't help the society much. 
I get a feeling like specialists always dream of achieving something in public education that not even the majority of their own students get.

When somebody could come up with an actual pedagogic concept or concrete curriculum, it would be easier to take them seriously about how exactly it would be beneficial. 

But so far most of these calls to teach some new subject are restricted to "I'm sure this would work out very well if only we had somebody to develop a curriculum for it that's as great as I imagine it to be".
I was under the impression philosophy was taught at high-schools? 
I'm from Portugal and had mandatory philosophy from 7th grade to 10th. 11th and 12th had psychology, regardless if you were specifying in sciences or literature or arts
Then critical thinking
...and a complete waste of time/money on the student's side.  Academia screwed philosophy.  
They taught philosophies in my old high school in Scotland as apposed to religious education which we did get in primary school. I remember learning about things like sectarianism, panopticons and some psychology. I thought it was very interesting and a lot more useful to know about rather than religion.

I think we should also be taught about how to go about our every day life. Things like mortgages and loans, how to become successful, how to plan our lives and get what we want out of it. Focus more on student individuality and tailor classes to their needs because every single person naturally is going to excel at one skill more than other people are - everybody has a talent. I mean instead of having one plan for every student to learn from, split people up into different classes and some can have more of a certain subject or whatever.. try and get the best out of the students.
The one issue with this (like so many fields) is that you have to get beyond the basic intro classes which can be extremely boring sometimes having to learn about authors you don't care about. 
I loved the only philosophy class I took in college. It left me thinking in regards to religion both sides have a compelling argument. Whether its no god vs god or Catholicism vs Buddhism. I also found the discussions on dualism and altruism fascinating. It is really not about proving God exists... it is so much more than that. 

It kind of ruined me though, every time I hear atheists and religious folk arguing now it seems like 2nd grade arguments by both sides and drives me nuts. 
Depends on the Philosophy.
It wouldn't, most people, including myself, don't really have an interest in it. A lot of people don't pay attention or try and that's fine, it's their choice. 
I was tought in senior year with english
I agree for the most part. Introducing it in a mathematical reasoning course would be splendid. And you could at least argue for funding more easily. What I would like to see is some elements of such a course be less abstract as well. That is, include everything we would normally have in a mathematical reasoning course but insure additional information was presented like the schematization of English sentences (something like a denotational semantics) as well as covering fallacies (which wouldn't take that long to teach; then just test kids over them repeatedly until they begin to develop an eye for them. One doesn't have to know what the fallacy is called formally, but simply being able to read/hear something and recognize there's something wrong with the reasoning is a sufficient start). 
Used to attempt to teach ethics. Lost cause. 

DGAF from top to bottom. Gave up entirely after a couple years.
My personal opinion they must be taught ethics and patients for their better living
More than anything else, we'd be better off as a society if we taught financial management in high schools.
They do. It's an elective. 
Probably better off just making everyone understand the idea of a formal proof first. Cheaper, and better bang for buck. Also, achievable in the current system.
The teacher is the key.  American teachers get paid garbage so quality philosophical engagement is unlikely.
I would think teaching proper debate skills first would be needed. Otherwise it might turn into a pissing match when it comes to discussions of philosophy and then, everyone losses.
Yeah but let's be honest, people would find a way to make sure only 1 side of the spectrum of philosophy is taught. Either full blown libertarian or liberalism depending on district. Then you would have the majority of teachers interpreting it in a strict definitive way, when often much philosophy is open to interpretation, espicially without historical context. In my mind, to truly understand philosophy you need to both understand the history surrounding the text, and the psychology of the author that compelled them to think thst way. 

No school has the time to teach this. And lets be honest, you have to teach to the lowest denominator. Many people just don't get it or care. Trying to read Kant was more difficult to understand than some stochastic modeling of ballistic trajectories I do at work. 

It's good stuff to learn. Teach it to your kids at an early age. But don't expect a single 8 hour school day to make a huge difference. Philosophy is really a lifelong reading curriculum.
Needs to be encouraged at a much younger age. Around the time most parents are ok talking about God we should be teaching kids Socrates.
Took one in college. An overwhelming majority didn't care there, and the same would probably go for high school as well. You either are interested or aren't. Forcing people to take it won't change that.
The quality of comments in this thread indicate the need...
and underscore a major facet of difficulty.

But the prime difficulty is the inherent violence posed by philosophy. People who define the curriculum would be too sensitive to various parental groups each invested in sacred cows. So it would seem that "philosophy for highschool" would necessarily have to happen outside of any particular institution.
The irony is that 'teaching Philosophy makes a better society' is actually a great Philosophical discussion.
I'm not sure that teaching philosophy would necessarily create a better society, considering that the definition of "better" itself is based on a specific subset of morality, yet philosophy itself is indifferent to how it's used.  Someone could just simply use nihilism as a tool to strengthen their bloodlust or disregard any notion of morality.  Of course, the assumption that philosophy itself is indifferent to how it's used is nihilistic in itself...
Honestly, whoever posted this hasn't a fucking clue about teaching high school. 
This gets posted once a month or every other month. Some high school kid who thinks he has it together and that philosophy should be taught in high school. Maybe as an independent study, but not as an actual class. 
Teaching empathy would make for an even better one
I feel like compulsory classes in logic would also make for a better world.
Why don't we just teach kids basic math, accounting and how to sell? It would make for a prosperous society instead of one filled with 9-5 zombies who are being taught to serve others instead of themselves.
My school teaches logic freshman year and philosophy senior year
I think learning about logical fallacies and how to debate is more important, but then again who can blame the teachers for not wanting the students to know how to argue properly.
I took a philosophy class in high school. It was great. One kid did a presentation on the Church of Satan. Teacher loved it. Everyone in class was respectful. It was a popular elective. This was in a public school with a large student body.
Economics and Logic should be requirements to graduate high school.
Philosophy is not taught in high school?
Says the philosopher looking for quick $$
Also business classes...
It's not something for everyone IMO. You either have it in you or you don't. Instead of making the society a better place, teaching philosophy to everyone might simply result in a generation of arrogant know-it-all verysmarts.
ok maybe we could just start with sex ed and basic civics.
I have trouble taking things spoken by a shitty robot voice seriously. PTSD of fake anonymous people saying that the government is injecting us with toxins.
In my adult life, studying practical philosophy (particularly Stoicism) and psychology have been important for getting my through some tough times.  I think philosophy's real value is how it can help people to live their lives, to think and do things differently, and to grow as people.  It sounds similar to how people use religion, and perhaps it is, but for those of us who grew up as atheists and agnostics, it would have been nice to learn practical philosophy as a helpful aid for living one's life and dealing with existential quandaries.  Paired with the insights from psychology, the two fields give a comprehensive summary for living a more happy life in the modern world, and it's something that could be valuable for children to learn, although a lot of the messages may be lost on them because of their age and lack of life experience. 
lets start with the basics first...
In theory, it's a great idea.  In practice:  who is going to be teaching it?
I believe the "ego" and its relationship to the universe should be discussed and even be incorporated as a central element in science classes, but muh sky god prevents that. What is the point in hiding this stuff anyways?
Philosophy is taught everywhere outside the US, we don't have better societies.....but you'll have a lot of new teaching jobs to be filled.
My high school recently got a philosophy class
If you teach to subjects that would have societal benefit, like moral arguments. 

Those subjects have the added benefit of not making me want to rip out my eyes. 
Spanish here, we used to have at least 2 years of filosophy. Now our goverment thinks it's not productive so they are cutting hours. I guess the dumber the better...
Best course that has had the most impact on my life that I took in college was hands down Philosophy.  I definitely think it should be a required class at some point, I just took it on a whim, and I'm so glad I did.
Better society for whom?  The goal of the public education system is not to make you great, it's to make you a factory worker.
Here in Quebec, philosophy is taught, it's more the teaching pushing is idea on you than anything else. My experience also goes that way, first class the teacher was awesome, let us debate, try to explain is ground but the next two class were total shit. Teacher wanted you to write their opinion in your essays and you can't do anything else. In fact my cousin have a major in philosophy and he basically do my last essay and she gave me a 0. 

PS: we were free to get help
And teenagers would be so unbearably pretentious 
Can we add economics and government to this list? For fear of sounding like I have my tin foil hat on, the argument that government does. It want us to know it or finance works seems convincing when you look at how little we are taught about it. 
Seems lessons in critical thinking long before high school could help.
This would only lead to a bunch of teenagers trying to use philosophy to justify dissent or just suck each others' toes
Awesome, more people telling teachers how to do their job despite haven't having been in a classroom in decades. Education is not about dumping content that you want young people to know. Education is about awaking critical thinking and social participation. Go away and don't tell education what to do again.

And btw, philosophy is taught. It's mostly lost on the kids, but when taught by a good teacher it can be worthwhile. Usually it's just a waste of time.
I would have to say that logic is the more important part. Most philosophy courses now are just the history of philosphy. 

I would like schooling to teach the important traits of logic, compassion, charisma, and ambition. Because if you have all those you will almost certainly be successful.
I had ethics and religion classes throughout high school, and 3 philosophy classes in CEGEP (which is between high school and university). Here in Canada everyone who wants to study past high school has to go through at least 3 philosophy classes. 

I absolutely loved philosophy but most people I knew thought it was useless and the dumbest class ever. I think most people have a fixed philosophy on life (acquired throughout childhood) and no ability to change it whatsoever, so philosophy rightfully goes over their heads.
Will teaching philosophy make the student who sits in the back disrupting class care? Teachers I've known all have one problem: there are kids who don't give half a fuck and make life hard for the class. They earn a bad grade and they don't care, you call their parents and the parents don't care, you send them to discipline and they don't care, they get suspended and they think it's a free day off. At the end if the day the way to make schools better is to make the job of teaching a better job that attracts better people. If the small sample of teachers I know are representative of the larger whole then a good first step is finding a way to remove this type of behavior. Pouring this behavior in a philosophy class won't help anyone.
Most high school kids aren't mature or intelligent enough to appreciate any real philosophy. At least in the U.S. And this is getting worse every year.

I think, though, that kids in high school should at least be introduced to philosophy, and if they have an interest in it they can take an elective course on it.
My high school offered a "Special Topics" class that was designed as an elective where students could discuss whatever they wanted.  It was taught (more "led" or "guided") by a thoughtful professor with a light-handed teaching style.  The class began as some posts have predicted -- a bunch of guarded, self-obsessed 11th/12th graders complaining about their lives -- but as the students grew more comfortable around each other, and with nudging from the professor, it evolved into something like an intro philosophy or ethics class.  It wasn't as rigorous as the philosophy/ethics courses I took in college and law school, and the professor didn't care about tying theories to names or testing us on what we had learned.  But that did not stop the course from exposing our narrow teenage minds to powerful new concepts and that we could explore with our peers, in a classroom environment that, with time, felt relatively safe.  Maybe best of all, Special Topics was a "regulars" course (as opposed to an "honors" course), and I was fascinated by the ways that a diverse group of students would analyze (or not) the concepts that we discussed.

10 years later, this is the class that I remember most vividly from high school.  It taught me as much about the different philosophical perspectives that people hold (and, just as importantly, why they hold them) as later, more formal philosophy and ethics classes.  And it was incredible to have an early introduction to, as the video puts it, the possibility that I was wrong in many of the views that I held.  I don’t know whether a rigorous high school philosophy class would be doomed to fail, but I would definitely support a philosophy lite course. 
Philosophy should be for people over 35. 
If you want to teach philosophy in high school, you need to begin that process much earlier than when students are already teenagers.  The habits they form in elementary school, including their thought processes, are fully ingrained.  It takes years to teach a high school student to be a competent student before you can actually teach them complicated studies.  (For the majority of students.)

Serious, freshmen year social studies has basically become a basic training camp in which we de-program students to think that showing up to school and turning in (barely) completed homework in the path to an A.  We have to teach them that they will actually spend time at home studying to prepare for a test.  We have to teach them to be able to ask a question.

And through theoretical philosophy at that?  Not until the elementary schools are no longer rote memorization and full credit for particiption.


This generation definitely needs to be taught what stoicism is 
We should start teaching more respect,  manners,  and personal responsibility. 
[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3703 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/40096)
I would go for a rounder class with art and music thrown in.
I don't know, half-baked philosophies are the reason for a lot of suffering.
What should REALLY be taught is logical thinking.
As a college faculty member who is currently teaching philosophy to high school students and who has also spent many hours on the bureaucratic side of our program to develop it, I can say that it is much easier said than done.

What works most against philosophy in high schools is how high schools (and many colleges now) are approaching education. Once you have an education system where "learning outcomes" must be quantified and the students are used to approaching learning in this way, it is almost impossible to teach philosophy meaningfully.

Once you get past that hurdle, you have the bureaucratic hurdle of figuring out what class to remove and replace with philosophy. Right now we're an elective in all of our program schools, which is probably the best philosophy will ever become. But when you're an elective you're fighting against the other electives and the students simply using that period as a study hall. Given how much mindless busy work the schools are now giving the kids, if I were a parent of a high school student I'd discourage them from taking any electives and have them just use that time for a study hall.
Teach logic, don't bother with the rest. 
Quite the opposite. I studied the great philosophers and a few not so great. Most of it is psychobabble that is very circular in nature and works like telling someone the attributes of their sign or reading a fortune cookie. They superimpose some very general and nebulous statement about an observation onto them self. Quite like the way people see elephants in clouds. 

Don't make the assumption that someone is not knowledgeable in. Subject because they have not come to the same opinion as you.
isn't physics basically philosophy a class?
And better hip-hop music
I think teaching philosophy in all countries from a young age would make for a better society!! Our education system has "religion" class which just aids segregation as far as I am concerned, sets up divides and differences. Philosophy class would breed kids who actually ask questions and not jump to conclusions.
When I was in high school, my English classes were basically philosophy, and it didn't work out that well. You wanna know why? Cause it's a bunch of teenage idiots who only indulge in instant gratification and cannot see the long term benefits of logical thinking. Let's be honest here. At that age, how many kids actually care about philosophy at all? And even if they do care, do they have the mental capacity to really understand it? In my classes, either Honors or AP, only a few passionate, bright students got something out of it. The majority just dicked around and bullshitted their way out of it. My teachers were actually so depressed that the students didn't give a shit that two of them quit teaching English altogether. There are very few people nowadays, let alone kids, who enjoy that kind of deep thinking. There are so many distractions all around us, and while teaching philosophy in high school seems like a good idea, I just don't believe it's practical. Major changes would have to occur for it to work.
The last thing we need is more little 18-year-olds thinking they have all life's answers, trying to fit the world into their narrow ideology, because they read a few pages from a book about philosophy. 

Read philosophy on your own time, kids.  

Teaching ***SCIENCE*** In American High Schools Would Make For A Better Society.
[deleted]
how do you teach the love of wisdom in an oppressive system that must tailor itself to the lowest common denominator?
Teaching shop, home economics, proper diet and exercise and how to handle credit and not go into debt would be a damn sight better.

Oh, and welcome to the front page.
So would teaching art and music.  So would teaching home economics or home and consumer sciences.  So would effectively teaching debate and critical thinking.  So would teaching math and science in an applicable format rather than just teaching how to pass a standardized test.  American schools are in free fall and the people with the power to change them for the better keep taking more and more money out of the school system.
Making world religion a mandatory class and paying the teacher the same as a football coach would also lead to a much better and more tolerant world 
"Sir, that all who are happy, are equally happy, is not true. A peasant and a philosopher may be equally satisfied, but not equally happy. Happiness consists in the multiplicity of agreeable consciousness. A peasant has not the capacity for having equal happiness with a philosopher." ~ Samuel Johnson
Not really sure why this was submitted in this form. No attribution to the author, either. Here is the original article:

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/mike-shammas/for-a-better-society-teac_b_2356718.html
Why is it only necessary for America? I want philosophy lessons too... British lives matter!
Are you kidding?  The GOP run red states are banning science.  Do you think these school board members who want books to arguing that Jesus walked with dinosaurs are going to support freedom of thought?  
If our schools weren't controlled by Marxists, I'd be on board with it.
It isn't a mandatory class there?
Tell that to Texas where they make their own stories in books and teach kids.
Wait, you don't study philosophy in high school? For us it's normal..but we have a different approach in Italy and we have differently oriented schools, but all let's say "high level" (where you go if you want to study more, vs others were you learn a lot of practical subjects) have philosophy, even science-oriented ones 
It depends on if they taught modern trash, or Aristotle, Aquinas, and Ayn Rand.
Too late now, society is all kinds of screwed up; at this point I doubt it's fixable without major reforms to everything. We are in the downwards spiral.
After taking just one semester of Psychology in high school, with even just that basic knowledge of how the human mind works, it gave me so much insight as to how and why I and other people think a certain way. After taking it I felt like it should be a required class because everyone would simply be more understanding of themselves and each other if everyone knew some basic psychology.
Made it two sentences in, maybe start out a bit less pretentious and zietgiesty next time.
Philosophy **is** taught in our schools. The problem is that we rely on arrogance, deception & hypocrisy, which does not yield an outcome that anyone values.

A more useful approach must start with honesty -- unflinching, unconditional, unmerciful honesty. For all the problems of other approaches are rooted in dishonesty -- the kids will always discover your deceptions, after which they never again grant their confidence to your reason or eloquence.
Actual teaching would lead to a better society.

Edit: That's not an attack on Philosophy by the way, it's an attack on the current Standard Test System.
In Norway we used to have a subject called "Kristendom"(Meaning "Christianity")... Then they changed it to "KRL"(Meaning christianity, Religion and Spirituality)
 
Very recently it changed to RLE(Religion, Spirituality and Ethics)
 
I am willing to bet everything i own that in a couple of years it will change to FLER (Philosophy, Spirituality, Ethics and Religion)
I been saying. 
That wouldn't make good worker drones though...
Which is exactly why our capitalist overlords would never allow it.
I got one word. Meditation
Critical thinking and skeptical thinking skills would be more useful than most of philosophy. 

Figuring out what's right and what's wrong is less useful than figuring out what's likely and what's unlikely. 
Yeah, get a bunch of sheltered kids and give them the idea that they can "fix" society. Nobody is better suited to the task of coming up with the perfect form of government/society than a bunch of angsty teenagers with no real life experience, who have all of their needs provided for them by their parents, and whose only window into the rest of the world is pop culture. Yup, that's a brilliant idea. Just don't forget to tell them that there's "no wrong answers" and that "everyone has a right to have their voice heard," that way they'll leave the class thinking *not only* that they're right about everything, but that they have the right to harass and spaz out on anyone who tries to ignore them or disagrees with them.

EDIT: not to mention the teachers. If you honestly think that the teachers wouldn't hijack these classes and turn them into their own little re-education seminars, then man oh man, you are naïve.
yes! study Plato or even Salon the law giver!  
I took philosophy first two years of uni. Best. Class. Ever.
Though I don't agree it will automatically make for a better society.
Doubt it on the fact that most people in high school dont give a shit and teaching them actual concepts like existentialism, where nothing matters, only reinforces that concept. 
Okay this is one of those "perfect world" things... Yeah, it would be nice, but in high school people dont give a shit. Personally, I think it would be a waste of time and money considering only a few people would actually care. 
Teaching philosophy in American high schools would make for an inquisitive, free-thinking society. You can't do that here. That's not the way this works.
I joined a philosophy club in high school. It was pretty fun and enlightening and it should be at least taught as an elective.
Lets make sure kids can balance an equation and are literate.
Philosophy is advanced logic. Logic is math. Our students are barely comprehending math--how in the world are they going to get to philosophy?
Maybe. I'd rather philosophy that art, or some of the less useful classes. It does teach people to think critically, which is a skill many lack.

I do worry that it might degrade into regressive liberal non-sense, and I would prefer we have more stem classes if anything.
It would make for a better society if people not only grasped it, but we're able to think back on it and implement the teaching in their daily life. To understand it is one thing, to use it is another. Often times in the heat of the moment you won't think of the little mantras to control yourself or your thoughts in the situation.
Portuguese here. We have 2 years of philosophy in high school. Nobody cares about it and it's the class everynody fails at. 
It blew my mind how many people in Philosophy 101 (which was all about the different parts of an argument, conditions etc) would refuse to learn formal logic and didn't understand why common fallacies were fallacies. "No True Scotsman" is probably the most common fallacy that I see people make daily.  
Teaching about taxes and job applications might be better.
Our leaders do not want a society. They want their slaves back. 
I think introducing philosophy into the high school curriculum would benefit society more than it impedes it but without having the introduction of critical thinking skills and ethics at elementary and secondary levels of education being applied, it's similar to telling somebody how to build a watch when all they really need is to know is the time. 
Also Sanskrit, plenty of Sanskrit. 
I think courses in Ethics and Civics would have a better impact.
Yeah, no.  Not because it's not important, but that a.) most high school kids don't care, and b.) schools don't do a good job in teaching stuff kids will absolutely need to have, like how to manage their personal finances.
I would argue that much of what is taught in high school is drawn from philosophy. Western culture has a history of taking the most useful concepts from philosophy and putting them in some other discipline and declaring "This isn't philosophy anymore because it's demonstrably applicable to the real world."
What we need is people to take personal responsibility and for parents to stop being shitty. 95% of problems in high schools are due to this
And Sociology and other liberal arts programs. Save advanced maths for college when people have decided on a career that would require it. Society is not improved by having a high # of people who know calculus but never use it. 
All too often in my philosophy classes,  it turned into the blind leading the blind. 

It's always about "who has it figured out" the most,  which is almost never anyone. Including me. 
To take it a step further...I think a few things would make Americans better people.

1) Require a foreign language to graduate, and have cultural lessons on that language's region. My Spanish classes in high school were great like that, but not all states require a language to graduate.

2) Have a world religions class where religious leaders of each major group come in for a few weeks each and teach their lesson. Being able to see the perspective of a Muslim imam, a Satanist, a atheist, etc may help us stop drawing lines between people of different backgrounds.

3) Forced community service/work while in school. I'm not talking about a beach clean up...I'm saying that they must work with those in poverty to help lift them up. Feeding them, teaching/tutoring them to pass the GRE, etc. Most kids graduate school without ever working for something other than a letter grade and standardized test.
Teaching the truth would too...
At 1:34 does he say prazeras if so he is my ap world history teacher who often talks about philosophy in our class(our high school doesn't teach philosophy) I'm asking this because I thought it could be a quote from my teacher.
What subject would it replace?
Analytic philosophy, sentential logic (scrutinizing news and recognizing logical fallacies, specifically), and the value and practice of the Socratic method.

Instead, we get nitpicked history of philosophy, and theories out of context and without the rigor required to derive them. :/
As my Philosophy doctor in college has told me, "They didn't teach you this shit in high school because they don't want to scare your little weak minds."
Not as much as classes in home economics would.
My highschool philosophy class was taught by the best teacher I think I'll ever have. I have the highest respect for that man, and his class was great. I thought all high schools had philosophy as an elective. They do here where I am in Georgia.
I think it's a bad idea to teach philosophy. The teaching should be intended to promote the expansion of philosophy. I.E. I learn about let's say, the holocaust so everyone can sort of relate. From what I study, I'll begin or compile on to my understanding of things like genocide, war, propaganda, tolerance, what we call "leftist" and what we call "right", how hate can spread even to those who don't know they are engaging in such. And personally I think this sub has a high horse kind of attitude when it comes to talking about how it's thought that the majority or "those people who don't care about philosophy" are thinking, processing thoughts and understanding the world they live in. It's really just to disregard the sophistication of many people. Just because they aren't engaged in discussion about what they believe in 24/7 or simply want to be taken or take life less seriously doesn't mean all of that sophistication and understanding that the rest of you ignore isn't in there.
That's what English classes are for
I attended an elementary school that was philosophy based and it would be ideal to send my child to a similar school, when I have a kid
I would have loved to take philosophy in high school. I would also have loved to have had theology offered as a high school course. I think to many kids don't really get exposed to beliefs other than there family religion till an older age. 
They already require it in my high school

While my school didn't specifically have a philosophy class, they were focused on teacher critical thinking, how to write critical essays, how to "decode" paragraphs to get the main point the authors trying to make.  Considering they only have like a .3% drop out rated think it works out well. 

Not everyone likes philosophy, and I could see something like epistemology to be "triggering" in this day and age, causing kids to have an internal crisis lol.
I agree with the top comment, most students wouldn't get it or care.

More importantly, they should teach actual history rather than propaganda.
I was lucky enough to have an English professor in high school that gave us some basics in philosophy.  I wouldn't have made it through college (or life, really) without it.  
This *only* the 20th time this opinion has been posted in the past couple months...
[removed]
Actually teaching in American high schools would be nice, rather than just programming students to do well on standardized tests.
Teaching physics as a non-elective subject early on would make for a better society.
I think some basic rhetoric and formal logic classes would do a lot, but philosophy in general might be a bit of a stretch.
Respectfully, I remain unconvinced. In theory the argument makes good sense, but the empirics of the matter muddy the waters considerably. France for example continues to be a society that, in spite of teaching philosophy from grade school through lycée (high school), has arguable more problems than even the US and tends to intellectualize social problems to a fault rather than find practical and efficient solutions to them.
I don't think the human brain is in a condition to benefit much from philosophy at that age. There are more concrete tools that need to be learned first: reading, calculating, skepticism.  These mechanics of daily life let us function and help keep us safe. 
I was in an optional philosophy class in high school.  Had about ten students.  Sat in a circle and debated issues after reading a variety of texts.  Everyone was engaged; everyone wanted to be there.  One of the best classes I've taken.
I dont agree philosophy is not necessary to live a happy life. In fact it casts doubts on many thing you knew for sure and you eventually learn to cope with the fact that you live in a world of uncertainties. People are much more productive and happier not examining everything little thing. Philosophy is for the type of people who are too curious for their own good not for everyone.
no they did that in brazil, now they are revoming, thanks god

Honestly the video seems overly self-important and the text-to-speech presentation seems like someone with social anxiety disorder trying not to be made fun of in /r/iamverysmart, and failing miserably. I think the creator fundamentally misunderstands the value of philosophy education. It's not to make people philosophers, it's because critical thinking makes people adaptable.

Conservatives are pushing education in trades rather than full college degrees as a way to reduce dependence on college degrees which have been vastly oversold over the past few decades...but here's the thing. Education in trades is fine, and a good way to start making money as soon as you're placed into a job, but many technical fields change rapidly, making one's education in that field obsolete in relatively short order if not straight out of the gate, which is why the ability to learn on your feet is so important.

What good is a trade education relating to the fracking industry (for example) if fracking becomes regulated out of existence? And what good is it if demand collapses for petrochemicals sourced from fracking, as has happened in the US oil industry as a result of OPEC maintaining high levels of production? If you've taken out loans for education in a trade and then the trade collapses, then we're all stuck holding the bill.

Formal college education does teach trades, but the sad reality is that much of what you learn is going to be obsolete by the time you earn your degree, especially in fast-changing technical fields. **The biggest value provided by formal college education is that it teaches skills in adaptability when things inevitably do change.** One of the best examples is philosophy itself. Philosophy is surprisingly one of the top earning undergrad degrees--not straight out of the gate because it doesn't teach a trade, but 20 years down the line, philosophy, the top-earning humanities degree, can be near the top of all wage earners. (http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/philosophers-dont-get-much-respect-but-their-earnings-dont-suck/)

A sort of lite philosophy education is included in the core requirements of any properly accredited college degree program...literature, composition, rhetoric, natural sciences, maths, and psychology are all intended in the core requirements  to teach critical thinking, and are fundamental in teaching how to learn. A philosophy degree program is all of this and more, turned up to 11--all critical thinking and creative problem solving all the time. CS majors take the same classes in formal logic that philosophy majors do, which is just one of many ways that philosophy majors can have a leg up--20 years down the line, the philosophy major might want to take a crack at programming, and be able to dive in easier because they already understand formal logic. It's one thing to be well-read, but it's another to be able to take what you read and put it into practice in shaping your own life. 20 years down the line, a college grad will be doing better than someone who learned a trade that they can't work in anymore because their specialty was regulated into oblivion, and a philosophy major will be doing better than most college grads because the philosophy major understands how to learn.
I took an IB philosophy class in high school, which I wasn't actually supposed to be taking because I wasn't in the program and subsequently got thrown out of said class. While I was there though, we did a project where we studied assigned philosophers for about a week and then held debates playing the parts of the philosophers we studied. We turned in a paper describing the beliefs of our philosophers and the historical context for those beliefs as well. I believe this model could easily be replicated in average classrooms in America's high schools at least over a semester, if not a full year as a core subject. The first half, the teacher walks the students through the history and timelines, the second half going further into the belief systems of the philosophers and holding small debates in the last 20 minutes of class with students rotating between participating and observing each time. 
COMPLETELY AGREE. I've been teaching middle school aged kids for the last 3 decades - the need begins there, in adolescence, even pre-adolescence, really.
I disagree to an extent.  Rather than philosophy, I think critical thinking should be taught.  This seems to be closer to the root of the problem the video is concerned about.  Simply put, not everyone's interested in philosophy and not every philosophy class will engage the class into the questioning and contemplating of the ideas.

Not everyone's interested in philosophy, and that's fine.  These people develop personal explanations or choose to be ignorant on a topic.  What's not fine is the close mindedness that leads to feelings of being under attack when questioned on the topic.  What I think we need in this case is a critical thinking curriculum.  For example - Critical Thinking (pick one): Biology, Physics/Chemistry, Religion, Philosophy, etc.  The first module of all of the courses would be rather standardized, and would explore multiple methods of inquiry, such as the scientific method, and an array of useful general questions.  The classes would then simply dive into topics relevant to whatever grade level and subject, assign a viewpoint, then have the students explore it.  What ideas support it?  What ideas challenge it?  How does it relate to the world?  How does it impact you as an individual?  What might an opponent say if it were debated?  Then we can culminate a more tangible sense of 'being in the other person's shoes', which is so lacking throughout society.
All I could think about while hearing the opening to this is that it would make for a really awesome sample for a rap song 
I think that philosophy would be valuable, but I'm going to reveal my bias as a Political Scientist and say that there should be a class that specifically covers political theory and ideology. It helps people understand how rational people can arrive at very different world views and therefore lead to a greater respect of opposing beliefs. I was a sort of arrogant liberal before I began studying political theory and I feel like I can understand my political views better now that I understand other arguements. Clearly there is some overlap here, since philosophy can help teach kids to respect alternative views--but given that we are so divided as a nation politically I believe that this narrow focus would be very beneficial.
Probably not. 
No it wont. It might connect with a few but if you want a better society bring back shop class, the mechanics class, and fund the arts. 
History is most important. Todays Millenials are running head first into the mistakes of the past.

History tends to repeat itself due to ignorance of the past and the ability to learn from someone elses mistakes.
Having taken 3 philosophy classes in college ive concluded that for me, philosophy is a big fuckin useless stupid ass waste of time and money
What needs to be taught is critical thinking, but it needs to be taught incrementally. Start with small things, and move on to bigger things.
We are taught philosophy and it did nothing to help our society.
Years after taking good and bad (useful and non-useful) philosophy classes, what I've finally realized is this - Philosophy in general is HOW to think.  It's how to take pieces of evidence or information and come to a conclusion.  Just like there's different styles of cars, buildings, clothing, they all do a job.  With most of the good ones, none are right or wrong.  So when you study philosophy in general or a philosopher in particular, you should be studying the different known ways to think through problems.  When you study a bunch of them, then you have a quiver full of different tools to think of the best approach to the problems you're facing.  Some problems need Zen, others need Freud, others need Christianity, and others need Stoicism or Plato.  Just like a good soccer player will have many moves to get to the goal, having many ways of thinking will get you to your own goals.  None are more right than the other, but they all have their best time and place to be applied.  Study lots of them and you'll be much happier dealing with life's problems because you'll have effective ways to deal with them as best as we've figured out so far.
NO! Social Politics/Justice and Home Economics!

I think the situaton is even more base. I'm an adult and I find it bloody hard to Adult in life.
Our educaton system has become so streamlined to create "specialists" that we forget that there's basic things that aren't taught. Like how to cook. And how to fucking budget for food so you CAN cook!

Politically, I think Western nations (Australia included) have realized that an uninformed disengaged populace is easier to control.

Look at the debacle that is the US political system. Seriously, how many people ACTUALLY know of electoral colleges and delegates? I have 8 degrees and I can't even follow it!

People scream and shout "we're in a democracy. If you dont' like it, CHANGE IT...." however they forget the other 1/2 of the notion. HOW the hell do I change things?

The changes to the US **registration** pretty much makes the US as democratic as mainland China. 
Oh yes, you can register to vote.... just take a week off your work to get through the paperwork!

For the "greatest democracy," one should actually ENFORCE **mandatory voting**. Why? Becuase the only people who dont' want that are the encumbent politicians. 
At least it would teach people to think on their own instead of letting the MSM think for them.
They don't want the kids to learn to think outside of what they are pushing down their throats in schools now.
Nope, teaching meditation from early years would.
A *phenomenal* academic program called @FacingHistory provides curricula for high schools (& lower schools) globally that engages students in discussions about topics on society, identity, and civility. The Little Rock Nine & civil rights is included in its expertly developed content, as well as current events.  It doesn't teach students *what* to think; it teaches them *how* to think: A chief merit of philosophy study. Facing History was life-changing for my two sons, by making important questions up-close & personal - not abstract. I can't praise it enough. 
[Check-out Facing History & Ourselves, it's formal name.] 
#FacingHistory
TEACHING EVERYWHERE WOULD BE GREAT
"Teaching cheesemaking in American high schools would make for a better society." --- American Association of Cheesemakers
Just American? 
Children and teens are already struggling to both learn everything we want them to AND to find motivation, often times by looking for how it will apply. Philosophy is far worse than most courses on both levels. A legitimate philosophy class would be less accessible than most high school courses, since it really doesn't connect to any other areas they've learned, and has virtually zero application from a teen's perspective. This isn't a good way of spreading philosophy, it's a good way of engendering hatred for another subject.

If you want to push the more rigorous areas of philosophy, offer more in-depth classes on computer science that involve logic gates, and some work on how computer languages are structured. You could also include discussions of ethics, even laying the track for theories of ethics, in courses like American history. The only philosophy course I can see having major value would be one on basic reasoning, but this already exists in a fashion with debate.
I'd say having classes where you pick two students at random and make they have to do a report of the other persons family. So they have to sit with each other and learn about the other student.

I've learned more in my life from talking with people that I have nothing in common with than with people I know.
Teaching critical thinking (was part of the psych curriculum when I was in college) should be required for certain. 
Most high school classes are a joke especially electives 
Can we identify any of these humans in the background?  I am extremely interested in their views these days.
teaching economics in high schools would make for a better society, we have enough philosophers trying to push their ideas on society.
Critical thinking is extinct
There would be alot more people doing psychedelics and weed. 
In my first year of university, I realized most of the "101" courses, philosophy included, I could or should have had in high school. Would it make for a "better society"? Maybe. What's worse is the "dumbing down" of public education.
People who are going to be interested in philosophy will seek it out for themselves. Honestly, after you teach someone to read the rest is on them - forcing someone to learn something they hate is just going to make them resent you. Practically though I'm no sure that it matters one way or another. People are going to do whatever it takes in school so they can grow up to be miserable adults making as much money as they possibly can.
Better thought: Teach Interpersonal Communication.
Think personal finance in high school will be way more beneficial  
Free thinking isn't allowed
They need to teach psychology so that those teenagers who suffer from mental Illness and depression can better understand themselves. 
I don't know if there's ever been anything more worthless than philosophy.
Well, if you can't beat em' join em...I think
Careful. Reddit only supports STEM topics.
It wouldn't do anything, people would just sit there and not participate. 
Considering that the publishers of the Harry Potter books considered "Philosopher" to be such a foreign concept to US readers that the title had to be changed to "Sorcerer" for the first book to be publishable in the US, I'd say... "no way, Jose". I mean, it would, but it won't happen.
No it wouldn't. Americans would learn some form of philosophy that is perverted by the judeo-christian fascism that perverts their health education. 
I call bullcrap on teaching philosophy in HS. 

That pic reminds me of when the democrats were terrorizing black people in the US=/  
I don't know if you need to teach philosophy so much as critical thinking and argumentation skills.  In high school i would have not given a shit about kant.  but I would have loved being able to write an argument about the benefits of alcohol using logical (premise, premise, conclusion) formats.  I think if we were to teach philosophy to grade schoolers the emphasis needs to be on how to think, argue, understand the other side, and still make a sophisticated point.  then students could write about whatever subjects excite them.  The point would be to get them thinking about subjects in a philosophical way. 
Teaching the Trivium method would make for an even better society than that, as the learning tools gained greatly enlighten philosophy, and make the subject far easier to master. 
Better society does not start until the wealth of the head becomes a wealth of the heart.
I love philosophy and while I do wish more people would study it, and I'd probably even agree that if more people studied philosophy, society would improve. That said, I agree with a lot of the comments here in that teaching critical thinking and personal finance are two areas that would have a much much larger impact on both the personal lives of each student, as well as present a larger benefit to society as a whole.
I think the IB approach is a good one: stimulate critical thinking and rational analysis 
I think, most people just don't care.
There have been so many fucking posts about this subject. We get it, share the idea with people you have to convince not the people that are already convinced. 
Fuck that. Teaching ENGLISH, and testing for retention would be the cat's ass. Follow that with spelling, writing and thinking.
Nah, then people would begin to question the status quo.

Your masters do not want this.

Stay in the cave.
I was majoring in Philosophy a few years ago to be able to teach Philosophy in High School. Most professors I talked to about it told me it was a good idea, but that they'd never heard of it happening anywhere in the country. Now I'm majoring in Linguistics.
Rather than Philosophy, build the groundwork for debate, logic, and critical thinking first. Philosophy is heavy reading, unfortunately maybe too advanced for most school aged kids to really grasp. That is, unless we can break the philosophical elements into manageable modules for today's education system.
I mean, maybe, but it's  more likely to create even more insufferable teenagers who think they know how the world should work.

It's like, I knew at least half a dozen kids who thought communism was the best thing ever in highschool and wouldn't listen to any of the arguments against it. I imagine thinking of someone arguing Kantian philosophy in the same manner and cringe.
I agree immensely that philosophy could help all of us, but the issue is trying to get a high school student to care and actually put forth the effort to learn from it. I was a philosophy major in college, so I find it fascinating, but even then I can see why a lot of people would be bored by it. 

Honestly I think the bigger problem is simply that large numbers of people don't have the desire to think with any nuance. It's so much easier to just form a black and white opinion and to hate those that disagree. 

I actually think this brings up a very interesting and perhaps controversial question. Is a society of majority intellectuals even possible? Or is the natural order of the world to have a small intellectual class? Of course in order to answer that question, you'd have to define what you even mean by intellectual. Is there an objective qualification for that term, or does it simply describe the top ~5% of people?
...says the philosophers.
Nazis say the same thing. Doesnt make them right.
So would teaching porn production.

Hint: define *philosophy, better,* and *society.*

I don't think this sub is exactly neutrally biased.
I'm a freshman in my first quarter in college and taking my first ever philosophy class "Ethics and Morality in Society" and it's fascinating. I'm a math major and took it because one of my major classes wasn't available, but it's a pleasant surprise. If we taught it in high school though, I don't know if all kids would be mature enough. The class I'm in discusses topics such as rape, capital punishment, abortion, euthanasia, etc. and in high school not all kids are really ready to have a serious discussion about these topics. Then again, I don't really have all that much experience as this is my first class so maybe there are more appropriate philosophy courses for high schoolers. 
Not only philosophy, but a reasoning & argumentation class. I took one freshman year of college and i learned a lot about structuring your arguments and identifying fallacies. I think a lot of people would benefit from that knowledge early on.
They should teach critical thinking and how to balance a checking account and filing taxes. 
That a good idea but you need good carezmatic teachers 
I think teaching Economics and the fundamentals of mathematics will have a more lasting benefit.
see the problem you have here is the factory never bothered to install a threshold for belief. he will probably grow up believing whatever makes him feel better about himself. likely a future ayn rand enthusiast and republican. id see if you can return it.
...which is why it won't happen. People are easier to control when the have no idea how to argue. 
Philosophy is, sadly, well beyond the mental abilities of most people, in my personal experience. 
[removed]
No.  America needs mandatory economics classes in High school.
No it wouldn't because it would amount to edgy dropouts talking nonstop about Nietzsche.  If you taught actual philosophers like the pre-Socratics, Plato, the Romans, Aristotle, St. Boethius, St. Aquinas, and all the Moderns from Descartes to just short of Kant (because Kant is admittedly difficult to parse) - you know, *actual* philosophy - kids wouldn't take the class.  Even "philosophy majors" during my undergrad took the classes thinking they were easy and dropped them when we actually had to read a book per week and write at least 30 pages per semester.
No it wouldn't, it would mean that teens would learn the definition of Deontology and then forget about it in a month.
That article is complete bullshit. 

Full of statements like "our country is slowly but surely committing suicide."

The US is the most powerful and prosperous nation ever. The suicide must be pretty fucking slow.
Depends on the philosophy itself. I've had philosophy classes where it was just endless drivels of Adorno, Foucault, Horkheimer, Marcuse and whatnot. Then i also had far more interesting topics (in my opinion, at least) such as ancient Greek philosophy, pre-Socratics, Nietzsche, Confucius, Cicero, etc.

It's far more subjective than any other topic, and it depends on whatever philosopher you're going to teach. If you teach everyone Marx, Engels, and Lenin, then you're going to get a much different society than if you teach Aristotle, Aquinas, and Confucius.
Until we reach a point where 100% of high school graduates can read at least a middle school level, I'd say lets not waste time on frivolous classes like philosophy.  
Try teaching anything in school nowadays you get bombarded by the PC police. 

Philosophy is the enemy of PC
Absolutely! It couldn't possibly hurt and would be more valuable than Social Studies, Black history month, [insert fashionable PC BS] etc.
Just saying but also nazis had a philosophic base for their dictature (mostly Hegel if i remember correctly but definetly not sure), the most educative currents would probably be the ancient greeks ones and the political Ones that describe the basis for democracy and monarchy etc (Miller, Montesquieu and the kinds).
Sorry for the english
[removed]
Ya know what makes a better society? Not coddling children. Not teaching them everyone is equal. Not rewarding mediocrity.  Instead teach them real life skills, communication, actual math, and Science. 

Instead what we have today is nothing but a propaganda machine.
So wait, do people in like the South or something not have philosophy in highschool? We sure did in Wisconsin
The redistribution of wealth and equality for all would create the perfect society
I had philosophy in high-school. 

It's basically history of philosophy.

Most people who can't even understand logical phalacies can get an A. 
We want schools to teach children *how* to think? I'm not sure I'm comfortable with that. And, if its just teaching them the trivia of philosophy, I'm not sure that's going to be anymore helpful than the trivia I learned about in history. 
The south is too busy fighting on whether or not we get to teach the bible as a historical account of actual events. We don't need Philosophy interfering with that with more critically thinking satanist. /s
Getting the Federal govt out of the classroom would make for a better society. 
We should require all philosophers to learn some psychology. Then they'd realize that trying to get all people to agree is hopeless.
It should be a requirement that with philosophy everyone smokes weed.
Yeah, feed them some more boring shit.
No it won't, it will just make people more arrogant in their ability and self-righteousness. We all know philosophy students....
[removed]
Look at all these naggers
Nah, they'd all become Nihilists and kill each other
And then they would be prepared for all the big philosophy companies that are growing. C'mon we already teach too much useless stuff in school that people don't understand. Philosophy should be left to the people that already study it. Rich self absorbed kids who want to figure out the secrets of the universe so they can answer that age old question. Why did Daddy not hug me enough?
Philosophy and "ethics" classes are a joke.  Throw a switch and kill 5 people, or let the train on the track kill one - what a bunch of hypothetical fucking bullshit.

American students need to learn how the political system, banks, and taxes work.  It is much easier to see evil when one understands it.
Americans would be more educated if there were no schools.
"The philosophy of the school room in one generation will be the philosophy of government in the next." -Abraham Lincoln. 
You don't need to teach philosophy, you need to teach morals and ethics. What is right and wrong- which ISN'T Philosophy, but religion. But wait, that's too "scary" for American Education boards to teach! You might offend someone! So let's all sit here in a cesspool of unfrivalous and undignified stupidity and denial for the next hundred years until we lose our freedom due to a lack of creativity.
My introduction was The Enchiridion by Epictetus. its available for free here http://classics.mit.edu/Epictetus/epicench.html

So if anyone is interested in a good short intro I think its very good. I might be an idiot though so see for yourselves.
Is Marcus Aurelius' Meditations really one of the best books on Stoicism? 

The first book on Stoicism I've picked up is Meditations; and I'm struggling to finish it. He obviously didn't intend for this to be read by other people. Often the same concepts and ideas are told again and again in just marginally different ways. It gets really tiresome and difficult to read for me. There also seems to be absolutely no structure. Just dot points on anything he felt like writing about.

I imagine if he was just writing this for himself to help him maintain and strengthen his stoic mindset, then that's probably why it's tough to read for me.
Morality is concerned with the well-being of others, and suffering is a decrease in the well-being of others. Thus, it is arguably more directly related to the substance of morality than language or reasoning capacity. It is also the only thing we know of that is bad for everyone who experiences it. I'm not talking about physical pain, as there are people who derive enjoyment from that; if you define suffering as *the experience of a state of affairs the experiencer would rather not be the case* (and the intensity of the suffering is linked to how much one would rather it not be the case), then the subjective element of suffering no longer poses a problem.
>How is the ability to suffer any less arbitrary than ability to speak, or ability to reason?


The short answer is that it seems obvious to most people who work on related problems.  It reduces to raw intuition in a similar way to Cogito Ergo Sum.

Most professional philosophers have a very strong intuition that suffering/pleasure have very clear moral relevance.  That doesn't change when you speak to deontologists instead of consequentialist utilitarians like Singer.  If you ask a Kantian like Christine Korsgaard about where the source of value is in the universe, you'd be startled at how utilitarian they sound - she refers to hedonic states of conscious beings.


The vast majority of philosophers will agree that suffering/pleasure are fundamental to morality.  The difference between deontologists and utilitarians is that utilitarians don't think the larger facts of the creature/person experiencing suffering/pleasure matter.
Suffering is very unlike speech or conscious thought. Suffering requires no knowledge of life or death, no profundity of any kind...to suffer only requires one to feel and be harmed through those feelings. It takes in the largest group and it allows the "greater" animals to empathize with the "lessor," to understand that pain may be the most universal binding between us. To understand that pain should not be given without reason and that with more power and ability one has, the more walls should be put up to prevent suffering.  

Consciousness may be tied to the capacity to suffer, the higher the consciousness if a creature the more it has the ability to feel and understand pain.
>The capacity for suffering and enjoying things is a
prerequisite for having interests at all, a condition that must be satisfied before we can speak
of interests in any meaningful way. It would be nonsense to say that it was not in the interests
of a stone to be kicked along the road by a schoolboy. A stone does not have interests because
it cannot suffer. Nothing that we can do to it could possibly make any difference to its welfare.
A mouse, on the other hand, does have an interest in not being tormented, because it will
suffer if it is. 

The ability to suffer is the minimum required for an entity to experience a negative interaction.  The author's general argument is that the differences between us and other things that can suffer cannot be used as a reason to give those things less consideration.  He produces this argument by beginning with the fact that we give all humans equal consideration, regardless of their unequal characteristics, and continuing to show that there is no single characteristic differentiating us from animals which we find appropriate to discriminate on in people.

So the logical conclusion is one of:

A. Abilities and attributes are appropriate qualifications for discrimination

B. No act of discrimination is morally justifiable.
What makes something bad? 

Pain - Pain can be good, if it is in service of something higher (avoiding an even worse threat). 

Preference Violations - Sometimes NOT getting what you want leads to higher utility. (You can be mistaken or under-informed). 

I don't think "bad" can be defined outside of context. "Bad" is only "Bad" if when given the entire context, the pain that leads to no particular end, or the preference violation turns out to be just that. However, we rarely have the entire context to most situations. As such, it can be hard to know if any particular pain truly leads to something meaningful, it can be hard to know if violating someones preference in the moment will or won't have them thanking you later on down the road. As such, definitions like needless pain or meaningless suffering or cruel violation of preference do capture what is morally relevant, but are near impossible to actually apply in any non-hypothetical context since we simply cannot know. 

In the end, its not the ability to suffer or the ability to feel pain that is bad, its the ability to suffer needlessly or meaninglessly that is bad. If somehow we didn't feel pain in situations where pain is unavoidable/in our benefit (to an extent this is true, adrenaline during flight or fight reduces sensitivity to pain, but this fails to cover many/most cases) then the ability to feel pain would not be morally bad. 
Thsis book is very readable and enjoyable. Highly recommended. I am now going back to read the earlier "The Dream of Reason" which covers ancient through Renaissance philosophy. Much slower going and in my opinion not as interesting. 
I'm kinda new to philosophy and know very little about modern philosophy.  Is this guy worth reading?
**ABSTRACT**:

> Problems for the causal theory of knowledge led epistemologists to propose that knowledge is a matter of tracking the truth. Fred Dretske and Robert Nozick developed this idea using counterfactual conditions. In this Wireless Philosophy video, Geoff Pynn (Northern Illinois University) examines the tracking idea, consider how it improves on the causal theory, and then discuss some well known objections to the theories advanced by Dretske and Nozick.

**AMA**:

This video is by [Geoff Pynn](http://geoffpynn.weebly.com/), who is doing an AMA here on /r/philosophy **tomorrow October 12 at 11AM ET**. You can join the conversation by asking questions ahead of time [at the announcement post](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/565v9y/ama_announcement_wednesday_1012_11am_et_geoff/), or by posting in the live thread tomorrow at 11AM.
I think wisdom can be best described as a combination of intellect, knowledge, experience and self awareness. A man may be very intelligent, but he may also be a complete fool. Slow people with difficulties are much more harmless than ignorant, foolish people who may be intelligent. I think wisdom is very rare indeed, and only depends on intellect to an extent. 

That voice was very annoying btw.
Not a big surprise there, since the subjects at hands did not change in the meantime.

Mankind is still the same at heart.
I was just having a political discussion and was told all Greek political science/philosophy was irrelevant and absurd to bring up in modern politics. Still staunching the resulting aneurysms.
good article. 
There's a difference between the possibility of incomprehensibility:

>but such an understanding **may** be permanently denied to us by the limits of our nature

>Reflection on what it is like to be a bat **seems** to lead us, therefore, to the conclusion that there are facts that do not consist in the truth of propositions expressible in a human language.

and the proving incomprehensibility:

>We **won’t ever know** because our language/cognitive ability doesn’t allow it (i.e. the above quote by Nagel)

Subjective experience may seem like a mystery now because we don't understand it, but more is required to take it to the full status of a mystery whose answer lies beyond human capability than just acknowledging its *seemingly* incomprehensible nature.

It seems like premise 3 and your conclusion are somewhat in contradiction. In premise 3 you claim that the computer will "most likely experience the world", but your conclusion is that we cannot make such a claim. I also think you might be taking Nagel's argument a bit too far. Nagel's conclusion isn't that we cannot claim that a bat has conscious experience, it's that we just can't know what it's like.
Can the OP prove that he has consciousness? If we accept his first argument point, then we have no way of knowing if he or anyone else has consciousness, no matter what he or they may profess. So if we can't determine if other people, bats, aliens, etc. have consciousness, it is certainly irrelevant whether or not computers have consciousness since we can't know if anything has consciousness.  This is utter skepticism, which is not very useful in real life. 
Computers build their intelligence through a system of balancing costs and benefits to slowly condition a particular function. You can think about our brains and all intelligence as a mathematical function and self modification system. There is still an open question about whether what class of intelligence is required to emerge consciousness? 

What does it actually mean to a computer to be a computer?

I had a discussion with a street preacher about evolution and how while it may appear that things are intelligently designed this is an illusion. We know this because when you have any system of balancing costs and benefits it will slowly optimize without and appear intelligent without intervention. This is how we have adapted variation in species and capitalist innovation.

So in the market there is a large amount of forces and actors that it may seem impossible to understand how it organizes itself. It appears to behave sort of intelligently. From someone uneducated it may seem that there is some master economist that is deciding which businesses go out of business and these amazing new products. It is vary easy to form rational conspiracy theories based on these observations.

But I wonder if a system of balancing costs and benefits is a master economist and intelligent designed? Maybe there is really no difference. There is this focus on establishing a distinction when we uncover the mechanics behind the behavior. It seems a popular interpretation of science is that we are disproving the idea that a grand intelligence is behind phenomena by showing a natural cause. But really all it proves is that intelligence is natural. 

So generally if such a consciousness exists then there should be a sort of Turing test we can develop just like we can do for capitalism and evolution. I suspect that really it doesn't exist. I guess my standard is different in that I don't think our ability to understand is relevant. If it behaves mathematically equivalent then it is, this is a better and more rigorous definition in my opinion.
You might find this Google talk interesting.

"Consciousness in Artificial Intelligence" (John Searle-philosophy professor at Berkeley)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHKwIYsPXLg
"Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent."
Why do people assume that consciousness is "in" a body or object? What have you ever experienced outside of consciousness for it to be "contained" in?
What does that mean?

> 3 - If we create a computer for the sole purpose of being a brain and experiencing the world, it will most likely experience the world (like a bat, alien etc. may experience it)

a) it hangs on the fuzzy meaning of the word 'experience'. it is a word that means different things to different people in different contexts.

b) some people dispute that there may be anything it is like to be a computer, regardless of the underlying computing technology, and particular computation. they believe, to use Dennett's terminology (but contrary to his conclusion), that a computer may never be conscious in the "fullest" sense.


> We won’t ever know because our language/cognitive ability doesn’t allow it (i.e. the above quote by Nagel)

This is a problematic assumption. Brain-computer interfaces are already a (still very primitive) thing, and might eventually become sophisticated enough to invalidate this assumption (though arguably it might also invalidate option #1).

> Therefore we cannot claim that a computer has or doesn’t have conscious experience.

Only so long as you use an ill-defined term like conscious experience. If the folks asserting the importance of consciousness could figure out an objective definition for it, we could create a test to verify its existence in other beings without leaning on language as an intermediary.
To my knowledge, if the Nagel quote is true for bats, then it is also true for other humans.

For instance, it is impossible to discern whether any other individual (human) is conscious based solely upon language.

Yet humans can easily distinguish that other humans are conscious, and bats are not (or are, at least, considerably less) [unless you entertain the whole "the entire universe is a deception and you're the only person in it" thing]. I believe we termed "empathy" based upon the abstract concept of being able to simulate subjective experience not inherent to self.

It is my belief that consciousness, and simulating somebody else's subjective experience are actually the same process (evident by the fact that it seems those most conscious/aware are also those most empathic/empathetic).

Another ready example is that humans are significantly less predatory than other mammals on an individual basis (for instance, you will not actively hunt your dog before it actively hunts you).

Therefore, I believe consciousness is measurable not in how humanly-conscious we perceive a machine to become, but simply where the idea (how human is this robot?) is derived from: the actual, observable measure of consciousness -- that is an attempt to assess consciousness of surroundings.

For instance, evidence of a machine gaining consciousness would be in it's attempt to personify humans as other computers as much as humans attempt to personify computers as other humans.

This, I believe satisfies an observable criteria for the definition of computer consciousness. As far as the qualities of that consciousness are concerned, however (can a machine fear, or have emotions?), it remains unanswered by at least this much.
We don't know what it's like to be another creature, but we do know that other creatures exhibit consciousness. If an insect can reasonably demonstrate conscious behavior why not a complex artificial mechanism? Who's to say that consciousness can only be streamed through biological lifeforms? Someone who discounts the future possibilities based on present capabilities that's who.
The logic seems to have a leap. Measuring doesn't require knowing.  

I do not need to know a man to see an outstretched hand and determine if I should shake it, offer a gift or wave it away--I can measure what the outstretched hand is, and respond.

Likewise, I don't need to know a bat, or a computer...I can measure it and identify that it is conscious.  And, if it is concious, I could reasonably assume that all conciousness is approximately equivalent, and understand the subject conciousness as it relates to mine. 

I might not never know, but I might not ever need to.   Indeed, our own conciousness is a strange high-fedelity compression algorithm, where we have both more and less detailed information available as both input and output. 

If we consider conciousness to be a set, any concious element is a member of the set, offering the same compression paradox.  Automatically, there is an intersection, a shared membership. The degree of intersection may be arguable...but the membership will be there, and thus the claim safely, and accurately, made.

To be concious is to know conciousness...perhaps?
With certainty, you can never truly have it - Hope that the experiences that bring you comfort remain continuous. 
In the future when scientists make the claim that the computer device they have built is indeed having conscious experiences, this will be an inferential claim, an inferential truth. Inferential truth bothers some people, but this is the only truth we have in many cases, and in most cases inferential truths are actually  objectively true.  
The will of the sufferer seems to matter.  If he is forced to suffer for the incremental pleasure of the masses, that is wrong.  If instead he chooses to suffer to bring joy to the masses (as the soccer players are doing, perhaps), his act is virtuous and the overall trade is good.
**Summary:**
In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Julia Markovits](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/julia-markovits) (Cornell University) gives an introduction to the moral theory of utilitarianism. Utilitarianism is the view that the right moral action is the one that maximizes happiness for all.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi
I think you could choose the option of saving the guy from his hour of pain and still be consistent with the utilitarian principle of maximising well being. Because a society that favours letting him remain in pain is one where individuals do not feel valued, something which would have broad ranging impacts on behaviour and well being.

The same can be applied to the other examples. The examples given are too narrow in terms of the consequences of the decisions made.
The main problem for utilitarianism is the difficulty in calculating maximum value.

This makes utilitarianism a convenient tool (e.g. in politics) to 1) decide what one wants to justify, then 2) concoct a speculative justification about how it maximizes value.

With deontology, one must find consistent rules... which seems more rigorous and challenging.
Those watching these World Cup may not be happy to not see the match, but imagine their suffering at learning of Jones fate. 
I think the error made in utilitarianism is the use of interpersonal comparisons of value and the false assumption that "happiness" is an objective standard of value. With these two idea together, it violates the egalitarianism that utilitarianism is supposed to have. Utilitarianism doesn't tell us what it means to be "happy" (or at least, the video doesn't), nor does it tell us what it means to be happier than someone else. In reality, happiness is purely subjective: what makes one person happy does not do so for another, and the degree to which something makes person A happy may be different for person B. Nobody other than the acting individual can understand what happiness is for him, and any attempt to judge happiness from his perspective will invariably render a conclusion consistent with his actions and his actions alone. Utilitarianism believes it can justify the saving of 5 lives over 1, but how does it know what happiness or unhappiness either decision produces? It can only be known if we examine the individual preferences of each person, but then how can justify putting any values of one individual over another without also violating egalitarianism? In short, interpersonal comparisons of value should be ruled out because together with the fact that happiness is subjective they violate the egalitarianism. However, if we are to accept this, the logical conclusion is that all actions are inherently good according to the individual actor, and thus utilitarianism loses its use as an ethical theory.
I have a question. Is there no distinction between suffering and happiness in utilitarianism? Her case of the suffering man and the billion of people watching fifa seems to be built upon the premise that the two are the same thing
Hmm... Guess I was always wrong on what utilitarianism was. I never knew it was based on happiness. What is it called if you base decisions on utility and effectiveness over feelings like happiness or content?
I don't understand why happiness should be multiplied by the number of people? My happiness would be the same and largely independent of the next person's. Jones is worse off than me, and that guy, and that person there... So wouldn't it be better to take an average? If you were to ask each and every person, one by one, what they would want you to do, wouldn't the vast majority say to help Jones?

And now I'm wondering whether I would say the same thing if the example was about death and mutilation... Maybe I would. The logic seems to follow. But it does also beg the question: does every scenario get treated the same way? And if so, why? (By the way, that's not me saying it shouldn't...)
The main problem of utilitarianism is that it's baseless. I tend towards thinking that there's nothing intrinsically good or bad - these are just subjective states of mind that we cannot remove ourselves from the illusion of.

I used to be a major utilitarianism proponent. Then I had the experience of not feeling many emotions and it kind of went out the window.
The main problem is Kings College students trying to steal Jeremy Bentham's head from UCL.
Hey, this is the book I lied about reading on my personal statement to get into uni!
I see two core flaws.  If happiness is offset by suffering the obvious solution is to r ed face suffering, not increase happiness. Secondly, suffering does not stack numerically in intensity.  Mild suffering multiplied by one million is still only mild suffering no matter the quantity.  Torturous suffering by just one is still torture.
You cannot compare the deluded penguin's happiness to that of a penguin who is actually successful and popular, because the experience of a deluded penguin will not reliably equal that of a popular successful penguin. 

He will ask the girl he thinks likes him out and be heartbroken.

To say that any loser penguin can experience the same happiness as any popular penguin is misleading, because all penguins base their actions on their perceived situations.

If you want to talk about the fact that utilitarianism might fail in a world where material circumstance, happiness level and actions do not influence each other in any way, then you are one of the deluded penguins.

In general I think this practise of displaying consequentialist meta ethics is its naivest form possible and poking holes in it is pretty reprehensible and exists primarily to allow the religious 'objective moral value' pricks to participate in a debate that should have ended centuries ago.

Whether or not ethical sentiment is coherent without expected change in subjective experience should have stopped being negotiable in 1751 with Hume's ethics. Utilitarianism is just a consequence of the observation that it isn't, and as the video points out its one that we all implicitly live by regardless of belief.

The bullshit politicians get away with by appealing to 'family values' 'american values' 'british values' blah fucking blah rests to a significant extent on this notion that there are intangible qualities to human concepts like 'good' which you can't rely on science to reveal and you don't need to look up the facts on.

Anti homosexual, anti abortion bullshit rhetoric that has no bearing on anyones life at all dominates the fuckign elections while they spend all your tax money at their chums weapons emporium.
The whole "morality" discussion doesn't even really make sense to me. What are things like "right" and "wrong", "good" and "bad", without reference to a specific set goal?

Example, if my goal is to *become a respected member of society*, then you would say that it is "good" for me to donate to charity, and "bad" for me to punch old ladies at the bingo hall. But, if my goal was the exact opposite (to become a menace to society), then suddenly it's "bad" for me to donate to charity, and "good" for me to punch old ladies at the bingo hall.

I mean, really, what is *rightness*? What is *goodness*? How can things just simply *be good*, without it referring to a goal? That literally makes no sense. Things have to be good **FOR** something. Eating vegetables is good...for my health. See? I can't just say that eating vegetables is good. That would be non-sense talk.

So, then, of course, the question then becomes, "What ought we set our goals to be?" Well...those are just simply going to be based off of our desires. And you can't control what you want. You can't *will your wants*.

So if "goodness" is based upon goals, goals are based upon wants, and wants are a result of nature+nurture...whence cometh morality? Unless "morality" is reduced to being defined as, "Shit that advances my goals, yo!".
This is a very easy problem to solve. Just assign an infinitely negative among of disutilitu to Jones's suffering.
This is ridiculous. Someone is hurt and needs help, and she is worried that a million soccer hooligans will not get their way. 

The real argument is why have we allowed the abso stupid distraction of professional sports to hinder our intellectual/ spiritual development. 
[deleted]
To be clear, the figure of 90% of scientific articles being "not reproducible" is either an invention or a very sloppy claim.

1. It varies by discipline. For instance, you'll be better off in physics than in psychology. That's because it's pretty tough to conduct a fully controlled study of human beings compared to e.g. atoms.
2. What it means to "not be reproducible" is not clear. Is something reproduced when the same correlation strength is observed as in the original? It is normal for a researcher to publish interesting results even if they turn out (when reproduction is attempted) to have been a chance event. Scientific readers fully appreciate that an observation can be due to chance or to focusing on a favourable scenario instead of a more general one.
3. There is simply no data. The number 90%, as far as I can tell, is based on 60 papers on cancer research. ("The biotech company Amgen had a team of about 100 scientists trying to reproduce the findings of 53 "landmark" articles in cancer research published by reputable labs in top journals.") There aren't estimates of a science-wide reproducibility crisis that apply to *all of science* for the simple reason that the task is immense and undoable by any reasonably sized/funded team, and that many disciplines do not see reproducibility as being a major problem in their field and therefore do not conduct substantial research on reproducibility.

A lot of the discussion seems to focus on what seems to be the single biggest issue in philosophy right now: the sheer inability of too many philosophers and thinkers to talk in anything but absolute terms, as in the Cartesian Meditations. But when Descartes adopted a methodological, hyperbolic doubt, he did so because he wanted to achieve a sure basis for certain knowledge. He made it clear that his doubt was a device with a purpose. Descartes did not believe that anything that might conceivably be false should be in practice treated as surely false (hence e.g. the "ethics by provision").

Yet philosophy seems to have adopted Descartes' doubt, turning a methodological device into a practical guide. Kuhn's paradigm changes, reproducibility issues in certain fields, or simply a fraudulent article here and there, all suggest that science and the scientific method are *in principle* vulnerable to corruption or to not making progress. This is good to keep in mind. Problems arise when people consider that this is good enough to denounce science as fundamentally flawed; when the smallest evidence of a defect is good enough to throw the baby with the bathwater.

The question that is debated is symptomatic of this attitude:

>Should we see science as a flawed method and look elsewhere for our truths, or is it the only direct line to reality we’ve got?

The scientific method is not perfect, but it doesn't follow that we must disregard it. It's not "direct line to reality" or "useless".

By the way, the same applies to falsifiability à la Popper, as all self-respecting epistemologists incl. Kuhn have noticed... another symptom.
You'd think, of all the ancient Chinese schools of thought, it would be _Taoism_, rather Confucianism.
I believe any definition of art beyond, "if someone says it's art, it is" is too constricting. More specific restraints become mired in value judgments. You say Random Dude's piece is not art because it doesn't meet your definition or standard. Random Dude says his piece *is* art, so what's the point of telling him otherwise, except as a veiled attack or criticism?

Of course what you think of as good or bad art is your subjective opinion and by definition a value judgement --- you don't like Random Dude's piece because it doesn't meet your standards of good art, but telling him it's not art at all seems petty and arbitrary.

That said, Tolstoy's definition is pretty good because it gets at the heart of what art does best: capturing and communicating the intangible or ephemeral aspects of ourselves and our environments that cannot be pinned down or summed up directly or logically. The sub layer of emotional reality that we all experience but words fail to define (unless artistically arranged in prose), and is completely missed by a logical Apollonian approach to existence.

The article's main criticism is that when the author jam's alone in his room there are no "others" to receive his jammy vibes:

 "others are infected by these feelings and also experience them"

This is in my opinion taking the Tolstoy's definition to literally, as in this case the author is himself the recipient. He is exploring the nuance of feelings he has experienced with himself through art.
Can you imagine making one individual statement, and more than a 100 years later people are discussing and writing essays on just that one statement.

Tolstoy showed great insight into human character. Obviously this one sentence does not fully define art for him either. We should care for overanalyzing one individual sentence and from that one sentence determine what that persons theory of art is.

Watch high level college debaters argue this theory of art vs Faulkner's
https://vimeo.com/20545693

Like most attempts at modern art, this article is a bunch of crap wrapped in pretentious wording with references at the bottom to make it sound like some dude's scotch-fueled shower-thought was some sort of deep think.

ProTip: Don't argue with Tolstoy, he's succeeded, and he probably can't even describe what he did.

Good art just happens to speak to a lot of people.  If your art is crap, or speaks only to you, it isn't art, it is just self-expression.  Articles like this are just bad artists trying to justify bad art and their continued existence.  More power to you if you can get through life on this, but don't complain about the constraints of art because you can't live a comfy life pursing crap art.
For me personally, the more realistic something is, more value it has. Realistic style art like people, faces, landscapes, etc. Can be very difficult to draw. I've been messing around with art for the past 10 years or so, and don't get me wrong, abstract shit and "modern" shit can still be defined as art, but of a different nature. I've messed around with everything from pacoso style faces to pen and ink to watercolors. Sometimes I'll start drawing a picture and think, "ehhh this looks off," but I'll just keep drawing and let the at first realistic picture become nonsensical and what's generally perceived as ugly. I feel like this is how abstract art must have started. But here's the thing: it's easy to fuck up drawing and just keep going letting it become abstract, but it's leagues harder to invest the time and concentration to create something that looks beautiful and realistic. And really, a child can scribble on a paper and you can call it abstract, but I wouldn't define that as skilled. I don't even know where I'm going with this, it just erks me that people are like "look at that abstract painting, woaahhh" I'm like, "do you even know how easy that is to do? Do you even know how much harder (though to me it's fun) it is to draw something more realistic?"

Just my option. Don't expect me to respond to any arguments, though I might.
**it's just ^a ^prank ^bro**
Putting aside the article as a whole, I would definitely take issue with the ketchup stain example. The author seems to suppose that the stain is art because the guest interprets it as such, but it is not art, it is precisely a stain. Surely people can have artistic experiences with non-art, but artistic experiences aren't necessarily reliant on the object being *actual* art, they only have to be *perceived as* art. Art is reliant on an artist having made it, with artistic intent. The artist makes art "art" not the audience, they are merely the perceivers. 
IMO any form of expression can be art. It does not make every expression as art. But it depends on how you perceive it. 

For example, is computer music art? It might sound like it. There are algorithms which will generate music that humans can't distinguish from human made music. 

But is it art? To me it's not. Maybe to you it is. 
Sorry, but out of principle, I immediately stop reading any philosophy post that starts with any variation of the phrase "going down the rabbit hole".
>Although the evolutionary process furnished us with the ability to go manual, the modern world seems to call for >far more manual thinking than we’re equipped to efficiently deal with, and therefore epistemology is a very >difficult subject. The practical reason to go manual is that automatic cognition is set up and calibrated for a much >different world: the ancestral environment where humans hunted wild game, gathered myriad vegetables, and >lived among the clean air and water of the virgin forests. Taste sensations, once a great indicator of whether a >food would be healthy to consume, are now very misleading, with the production of refined sugar, industrial seed >oils, and other unnatural ingredients. Presidential campaigns turn into popularity contests as tribal instincts go >awry in an environment such intuitions were never built to handle: societies of millions upon millions of people. >And so forth. When we think and decide with our emotions and intuitions in a natural setting, we often do well; in >a deeply unnatural setting our best chance often comes from developing a rigorous epistemological framework >and applying it to the problem in a painstaking and patient manner.

This has been on my mind for years now.
Does skepticism require that we reject all knowledge? While I consider myself skeptical (which doesn't automatically mean I am), I can and do accept tentative knowledge; in other words, knowledge that has a high probability of being true based on everything else that I currently know and can reason. If those conditions change, my "knowledge" changes as well.

If a purely philosophical sense, I think it's safe to argue that "true" knowledge *is* impossible. As I've argued elsewhere, the only way to know if something is **absolutely** true would be to eliminate all other possibilities. Since we have no way of knowing for certain that all other possibilities have been falsified, both because we are not omniscient and because we don't know if we have failed to consider some other possibility that never occurred to us, I don't have any reason to believe "absolute truth" is possible for humans to know (although it is likely that such a concept *exists*, but that humans simply can't know it).

That does not mean all possible propositions are equal. If my car stops running, it is possible that I am out of gas because I neglected to fill up my car and it ran out due to combustion. It is also possible that gremlins are hiding in my engine and siphoned out all the gas when I wasn't looking. But, based on the methods of skepticism (specifically Occam's razor) I can be *more* confident the former theory than the latter, even though I don't actually "know" in an absolute sense.

I absolutely agree that we should examine our own beliefs and why we hold them; this is basically the purpose of epistemology in the first place. But just because we can't necessarily know something with 100% certainty, we can at least eliminate those possibilities that are less likely than others to arrive at the best possible truth we can currently obtain.

And let's face it, if we actually could obtain absolute truth, philosophers and scientists would be out of a job =).
I've done a little research into the molecular mechanisms of the immune system. There does not seem to be a need to propose any sort of agency to the immune system.
Are there any podcast that explore free will vs will?
What kind of freewill? Compatiabalist or libertarian?
The question is ultimately existential, i.e. whether one or the other exists, for which the end of time could only determine.  Historically things are both chosen and determined otherwise.  The question is then relative to the end, and whether that is chosen or determined.  Any determination at this point in time would be freely chosen since we remain ignorant, and ignorance frees one of any determination.
Is there a podcast that will explore the fact that free will and determinism are just words?
“Why are there beings at all instead of nothing? That is the question. Presumably it is not arbitrary question, "Why are there beings at all instead of nothing"- this is obviously the first of all questions. Of course it is not the first question in the chronological sense [...] And yet, we are each touched once, maybe even every now and then, by the concealed power of this question, without properly grasping what is happening to us. In great despair, for example, when all weight tends to dwindle away from things and the sense of things grows dark, the question looms.” 

Heidegger
> I will assume that at least some abstract objects-numbers, pure sets, 'purely qualitative' properties and relations, possibilities, possible worlds themselves-exist in all possible worlds

Why would we assume there are multiple possible worlds? And why, if there were all possible worlds, would we assume that logic itself would be consistent?

>I will take this statement to be true for the sake of the illustration; I certainly think it's true-that the number 510 would exist no matter what.

I disagree. Without the existence of beings able to conceptualize numbers, there is no reason to assume that '510' exists. A dog may see 510 leaves on the ground, but without language or a mind capable (as far as we know) of mathematical logic, there is no reason to assume that '510' is an inherent property of those leaves or that the dog has any concept of such things. Mathematics is a process used to describe relations between observed or abstract concepts, but there is no reason to assume that '510' exists outside of the conceptual or physical objects they represent. Likewise, it is easy to imagine '510' not existing at all; if we had decided on binary, rather than base 10, numerals, our conception of '510' would be '0b111111110' instead. Since computers think in this exact method, from the perspective of a computer's 'consciousness' this is an equally true statement, and there is no reason to assume such a thing exists beyond the computer that processed the value.

>One way would be to prove the existence of a
necessary being. By a 'being' I mean a concrete object-whatever
that may mean...

Why can't this "necessary being" simply be matter and energy (arguably the same thing)? "Being" implies something with "will," and there is no reason to assume this. Based on empirical data, or observation, we know that matter and energy exist from our point of view; we are (imperfect, if perfect has a real meaning) observers of it. Anything beyond empirical observation is speculation; indeed, something beyond energy and matter causing energy and matter to exist would violate the first law of thermodynamics, something that we have never observed at all.

>The [ontological] argument is indisputably logically valid; it
has just the desired conclusion

The ontological argument is a broken compass argument. By the same reasoning I can postulate that a perfect ice cream cone must exist, because the property of existence is more perfect that the property of an object that does not exist. It is logically valid in the same way that 1. All unicorns have horns, 2. Twilight Sparkle has horns, 3. Twilight Sparkle is a unicorn is logically valid; regardless of validity, in no way does the argument prove that 1 or 2 are true in the physical world.

> Therefore, if our first two premises are true, and if the existence of beings, any beings at all, beings of any sort, is a possible state of affairs, then it is possible for there to be a necessary being-that is to say, necessity and entity are compatible properties

Absolutely not. If the world were destroyed tomorrow, as far as we know, no beings would exist. There is no reason to assume that the universe would cease to exist if a tiny planet in a remote section of a galaxy ceased to have beings. In addition, we have evidence that for almost 14 billion years no thinking beings that we know of existed at all. There is no logical reason to assume that "beings" are necessary for the universe, as we have evidence the universe existed prior to any beings at all, as the possibility of alien life in the first few hundred thousand years of the universe would be impossible as there would have been no stars or planets for such beings to live on.

More importantly, logical reasoning alone cannot override empirical data when making statements about reality. I could make a logical case that gravity is impossible, using explanations of atomic forces and quantum mechanics, yet no amount of logic will change the properties of reality, which include gravity.

>The argument has four premises:
(1) There are some beings;
(2) **If there is more than one possible world, there are infinitely
many;**
(3) There is at most one possible world in which there are no
beings;
(4) For any two possible worlds, the probability of their being actual is equal

There is no reason to believe there are infinite worlds. The universe had a finite beginning, has been in it's current form for a finite amount of time, and has expanded at a finite rate. Based on everything we know about the universe, it is *impossible* for there to be infinite worlds. "A lot" and "infinity" are not the same thing, and as far as we know, the universe is finite. So while the argument is logically valid, at least one premise is untrue, and since the conclusion relies on that premise, the result is not logically sound.

I have to go to class, and I'll look at this some more, but my initial reading is that there are a lot of unfounded assumptions built into this argument.
Oh I am glad you reposted this without a question mark.  

"..and if the probability of every world is 0"

This makes me think that he is trying to say that 1/inf = 0 which is not true.

The limit as x approaches infinity of 1/x is 0 which is different. 
[Link to explanation](https://www.mathsisfun.com/calculus/limits-infinity.html). 
> To return to Zeno, what is the in-itself of his argument? Zeno takes his argument to be a reductio proof of the existence of unchanging being, which persists in itself beyond the misleading appearance of movement. 

I take this to be because unless there is some substantial being then the moments can infinitely reduce for ever and ever. And the Ancient Greeks seem to agree with this with the introduction of atoms. 
>Plato introduces the primary idea where the soul leaves the perishable body once it decays.

How do we know this is true? Do we have any reliable evidence that dualism is true?

>Yet nevertheless, we can see that the material world is held by an infinite relations of logical forms, and this process culminates into a particular form that consists of all forms that led to its completion, and this process goes on indefinitely.

Why must it be in this order? Isn't it possible, even likely, that logical forms exist because of matter, not the other way around?

>When the human being achieves a certain form of logic by synthesizing his internal relations- mind, with his external relations- environment; upon the decay of his perishable body, the logic he achieves remains as the fundamental form that determines the next generation of matter.

What evidence do we have that the mind exists after death? Considering the link between cognition and the brain, why would we assume that cognition is possible once the brain no longer functions?

>In the infinitesimal level, and in the realm of Reason, ideas are logical forms that take on physical structures. Ideas are not just abstract but they take on forms that influence the physical structure of matter.

What evidence do we have that logical forms do or even can exist outside of physical matter?

These are just a few questions I would ask, but it appears to me that you are assuming metaphysics are "real," as in separate from human brains and logical forms, in order to discuss the "reality" of metaphysics. This appears to me to be a form of begging the question, since it appears that the conclusions regarding the properties of metaphysics as they relate to physical assume they exist in the first place as an element of that reality.

Generally speaking, I am skeptical of any philosophical argument regarding reality that does not rely on empirical evidence. Without something that prevents alternate ideas based on *observable* evidence, you usually end up with a "broken compass" argument.

It's interesting to think about, but without some sort of solid evidence that any of these things exist, I don't really have any reason to believe them.
So I apologize for the short answer but I as a realist don't seem to get the importance of the topic. It just seems to be a daydream that keeps us from the reality we have to face in everyday life. 

On a post about demotivational quotes a fellow redditor once quoted his father saying "life sucks and then you die".

To me "soul" or anything like it is just a method of the conscious brain trying to grasp it's own function and nature while not fully understanding itself. 

All it takes to distance oneself from such thoughts is accepting that we don't know and at the same time accepting what we know.

We know that we are a collection of atoms that form molecules and those collect to form cells and those form our body and therefore our brain.

Consciousness therefore is just the manifestation of a combination of cells ordering themselves to the point that they can work better and better together to the common goal of continuing existence for existences sake until the complexity reaches a point of computing power that can understand parts of itself.

At some point that what we call consciousness now will be viewed as merely as intelligent as we view a collection of cells now and that is the point where realism can come in contact with transcendence, though not a metaphysical one but one that is defined by the way a being thinks and views it's predecessors.

Once humanity or possible similar lifeforms reach a point where our current intelligence seems to them as minute as we sea the "intelligence" that a few cells exist, we or they have reached a new level of consciousness and transcended beyond our current one.
So I am not certain I would defend the exact mechanics of the author's argument -- he seems to make possibly questionable assumptions about the commitments of traditional theism, and there's a insertion of moral nihilism which I'm not quite sure I saw the point of.

But I think he's driving at something rather important about divine command ethics: that it's essentially trivial. It doesn't do anything except replace the words "good" with "what God wills", which doesn't add any meaning to any statement or question of ethics. If one were to ask, "Is it better to allow a train to run over five people or get it to run over one person?", one could replace that with "Which of these choices would God will?", but then one has made exactly zero progress in actually answering the question.

Theists might claim that this has the effect of giving them greater moral insight, as they have access to the will of God through their holy texts or prayers, but according to divine command ethics this is exactly equivalent to a claim that they have greater moral insight because their holy texts are good, or they have divined what is good through their prayers, both of which need to be argued for as much as any other claim to know what good is. If they were to try to defend a man who nearly killed his own son on an altar, for instance, they might say "because it was what God willed", but then that's exactly equivalent to just saying "because it was good". Literally no explanation has actually been offered, just a redefinition of terms that makes it seem like one has.

Heck, we can even re-word alternative ethical positions in the same way. Utilitarianism could be, "what God wills is for us to maximize happiness", and Kantian ethics could be, "what God wills is what we could or would have everyone do". Exactly nothing has been added in such a re-wording -- all the same arguments and criticisms would still stand and still need to be debated.
Don't post a reply that doesn't respond to the content of the OP. Any post that only responds to the title will be deleted. Especially egregious infractions will be met with a ban. That is all.
[removed]
>“All that you need for an economy to work well is people who pursue profit singlemindedly. I do not care whether there is slave labor or anything”. And that is wrong, I have concluded. I once thought this was true. I was once a marxist, and marxism is a version of this.

This statement could not be any less indicative of Marxism. I mean, this is nearly the polar opposite of what is actually the case with his philosophy.

Marxism is about disregarding self-interest and profit based motivation, which are two hallmarks of the exact system he rejected-- capitalism.

Marx envisioned a system of unified workers, all laboring under the same collectively-owned banner. A strong, collectivist society would emerge, inwhich workers reap the rewards they sow, free of any capital "owners" (the bourgeoisie). A major reason they decry private business ownership lies in the idea that wage-labor is inherently exploitive in its nature, and a new form of imposing economic subservience upon workers (following the deconstruction of serfdom and the emergence of a middle class). If Marxists oppose wage-labor, than it only follows that outright slave labor would be off the table as well...

I don't know what you used to be, but what's clear is that it wasn't any form of Marxism. That is more akin to Ayn Rand's Objectivism, or Libertarianism.

She has the most unusual voice. It sounds like there's 2-3 people speaking at a time.

Anyway, as to the virtues. I feel like Curiosity is missing and isn't adequately covered by overlap in the ones she does discuss.

To me, curiosity is perhaps the single most important virtue over any of the others.
>Bentham is prudence alone, Kant is justice alone. Neither of them work

This is really bad philosophy. Uncharitable, badly-interpreted sound bytes of their theory is not good philosophy I'm sorry.  And yes, they do actually work. 
[removed]
[removed]
I started reading the article, and between the extremely poor characterizations of well-established literature, and the English-as-second-language way it's composed, I started the video just to see what kind of accent she had.

She has a "villain being pulled into another dimension crying out in defeat" accent. That's . . . that's really something. Good find, OP.
[removed]
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
Well... that's a very strange definition of prudence, and a very strange definition of faith, and a very strange take on Marxism, and a very strange characterization of Kant and Bentham, and a very strange reading of Aristotle, and a very strange explanation of socialism and fascism... But I guess that's to be expected from someone who describes herself as a "literary, quantitative, postmodern, free-market, progressive Episcopalian, Midwestern woman from Boston who was once a man. Not 'conservative', Christian libertarian."
[removed]
[removed]
Just as the content stating prudence could be a problem, I honestly always thought pride being a sin was weird. What's wrong with having joy in accomplishments or delighting in other people's'?

I think cleanliness and hygiene could be added as a possible eighth virtue. I recently quit smoking and I honestly had no idea how badly it really smelled until I quit long enough. If the body is constantly fighting infection and on the offense, where's the room for growth and true happiness? 
This at first sounds very useful, but I noticed that the systems she listed as examples of balanced virtues were all strictly hierarchical systems where individuals were forced to stay in their particular level at birth in and those systems did not have any virtue of justice as I define the word in any sense that I have ever discovered.

Those systems she listed all require a denial of individuals who are  not in the upper levels to have hope for anything but a safe place to sleep and the next meal, those systems, Ancient Greece, Rome, Chinese and Hindu.  

I think all those systems lacked justice and hope for all but a few.


**a/and, no/not
[removed]
The author touches on three virtue categories: Economic, Social and Spiritual. Optimum economic prosperity happens through **creativity:** delivering labor, financial or emotional goods and services that are valued higher by others than the delivery cost. Social prosperity requires **generosity:** Sharing more love than received. Spiritual prosperity requires **humility:** Subordinating oneself to a belief that some power greater than oneself originated and still governs the physical universe, in which inexplicable forces caused inanimate matter and energy to become living and even self aware. After all, it's mostly carbon, hydrogen and oxygen writing down these ideas. On an product (iPad)  that made a socially challenged genius incredibly wealthy. That other batch of carbohydrates (Jobs) was limited in prosperity because he did not have all three prosperity virtues in **harmony,** which is the highest virtue of all.

(Edit for typos and appeal to mercy. This is my first public foray into philosophy among a large group who have loved wisdom far longer and more skillfully than me.  I've never been taught wisdom-loving, So please be gentle, ok?.)
 
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
*"The only thing separating the State of War from the Political community is the law, and the willingness and ability of the legal and political institutions to enforce it. When individuals or corporations engage in deliberate, on-going, and pervasive criminal activity on a massive scale, and the legal and political institutions are unwilling or unable to criminally prosecute those responsible to the fullest extent of the law, then the law dies. When the law dies, tyranny emerges, and when tyranny emerges we return to the State of War. In our most recent episode, "Locke's Philosophy of Law, the State of War, and Wells Fargo," we investigate these issues and try to determine whether we live in a political society or a State of War. Enjoy."*
Wells Fargo CEO Resigns. Now possible RICO prosecution. 

http://finance.yahoo.com/news/ceo-wells-fargo-210140635.html
[deleted]
To me Sam Harris position and argument is very clear and easy to understand.  When I listen to Dan Dennett I can't even wrap my head around what his argument actually is. 
“Daniel Dennett is Wrong About Free Will”. 

He is, is he? 

This is the real problem with the field of Philosophy; the fact that laypeople, amateurs, dilettantes, fanboys, dittoheads, bloggers who are infatuated with the notion that they don’t have free will often feel entitled to clash their little plastic horns with the actual experts and professionals of the field – people who have thought deeply about their subjects for decades- and pretend that they are philosophy experts themselves – a pretense that extends even to the area of the philosophy of the mind (one of the most recondite and obscure areas of human investigation).  Not only does the fact that the large majority of the experts in the field (including one of the world’s leading and most acclaimed experts in the philosophy of the mind) hold the view that free will and determinism are quite ‘compatible’ fail to give these pretentious dilettantes any pause for consideration, but they even indulge themselves in slinging mud at these very people for daring to propose (and hold to) a theory that goes against their personal interests and flies above the capabilities of their brains to fathom. Given their failure and inability to understand the ideas that make compatibilism what it is, and their absolute refusal to budge an inch from their cherished determinist-driven dogma, such people have no cards available within their sight other than to impugn the motives of these experts and claim that they are merely “doing semantics in order to appease common folk sensibilities”. In other words, accusing the majority of academic philosophers of being dishonest or not knowing what they are talking about. This is an amazing charge given that not only is it painfully obvious that it is precisely these dilettantes and dittoheads who do not really know what they are talking about, but they are clearly the ones whose attitude and dogmatic position with regards to this topic (as some of them have occasionally confessed) is both anchored and driven by personal agenda and emotion: the desire to be free of any feeling of personal responsibility.

What is especially hilarious is the way these people impetuously paster the internet with their ‘responses’ to a written critique giving by a leading philosopher of the mind briefly explaining and outlining the philosophy of compatibilism to someone who is apparently their hero (in superficial thinking). In these ‘responses’ (usually in the form of blog-posts), they begin by pretending that they have read and understood the critique that they are responding to. They then, either deliberately or inadvertently, display/express their anger and displeasure at its author for propounding a position that happens not to sit well with them (and their champion whose misguided book they adore). They then go on to say how much they ‘disagree’ with the author of the dissertation and his points (which they obviously didn’t actually understand) and declare (rather comically) that the author is “wrong”. Why? Because they say so. This of course is usually accompanied by all the other mudslinging accusations about ‘playing semantics’, ‘changing the subject’, ‘being dishonest’ (again, because they, in their all-knowing wisdom, say so).

The first dead-giveaway that these dittoheads and dilettantes have no idea what they are talking about or any true understanding of the position they pretend to be criticizing is the very fact that they invoke the accusation of ‘semantics’ in the first place. In other words, the depth of their confusion is sharply illustrated by the fact that these people think (or at least talk as if they think) that the compatibilist position is exactly the same as the (hard) determinist position but merely expressed differently. They fail to see (or simply do not want to accept) that there is a real conceptual difference in the two ideologies that has real consequences. These people think (or at least like or pretend to think) that compatibilists do not really actually believe in the existence of free will in any way at all but merely pretend they do.  Of course, one probably has no choice but to embrace such a view if one is simply unable (or unwilling) to understand how free will can still be a very real phenomenon in human nature despite the reality of a world ultimately governed by deterministic forces. Such people are simply unable (or unwilling) to perceive that the peculiar traits of the human mind that distinguish it from most other living organisms – such as self awareness and subjective consciousness, the ability to reason, introspect, plan and make judgments and informed decisions – have given humans the ability to supersede blind deterministic forces in important ways and to act essentially as free agents (in the same way they’ve being able to overcome many other laws of nature). They insist on continuing to see people as merely robots (largely because that is how they like to think of themselves and partly because of their conceptual difficulty in understanding compatibilism). Of course, in a trivial sense, humans still operate under the laws of determinism given that they are part of nature, and thus one could, in principle, predict everything people would do if one had omniscient information. The conceptual difficulty that these ‘hard determinists’ have is understanding that an entity can still act as a free agent (in a way that is relevant both to itself and to all other entities) even though the course of its life could theoretically be predicted by an omniscient being.

These people are doggedly fixated on using nonsensical strawman definitions and notions of ‘free will’ which they pretentiously project unto the ‘common folk’ and which enables them to assert triumphantly that “free will doesn’t exist” and to serve whatever internal satisfactions they derive from making that assertion.  In doing so, they fail to see that ‘free will’ is simply a complex human trait like many others which are neither time independent or consistent and are not possessed by everyone to the same degree. Yet, when it all comes down to it, when you strip away all the fluff and feathers, the entire position of these “no free will” enthusiasts rests upon a single red-herring that they regularly invoke as a ‘trump card’: “Where does a person’s will (at any time) come from?” [The word often used is “desires”, but it would allow much more clarity if it were expressed more generally as “will”.]  In other words, the entire argument of these people is predicated upon the single notion that a person’s ‘will’(at any time) is ultimately due to factors beyond his/her control or choosing. Of course, they will typically cement this argumentative trick with another sleight of hand in the form of some kind of infinite regression: “where did the will that led to that will come from; and the will that led to that one; and the one that led to that one…” and so on and so on. Thus, according to these not very bright but obnoxiously pretentious dormroom philosophers, the luxury of being able to act in accordance with one’s ‘will’ and sense of self interests is not enough to qualify as ‘freedom of will’; one also has to be able to snap one’s fingers and conjure into the driver’s seat of one’s psyche an arbitrary will straight out of thin air, one that they had no prior inclination whatsoever to conjure (otherwise it wouldn’t be ‘free’). And it mustn’t be a random event either, or it still wouldn’t be ‘free’. Therefore, this arbitrary will must be both willed and unwilled at the same time. Only then can someone have ‘free will’. Only then can someone ever have any responsibility for any of their actions. This is the kind of tomfoolery that occupies the base of these people’s minds when dabbling in this subject.

Of course, they can always fall back on the very notion of ‘determinism’ itself (if the ‘trump card’ doesn’t work) and what it seems to them to mean: that human beings are simply robotic automatons of nature whose thoughts and actions are determined by a domino effect of causes and who merely labor under the illusion that they enjoy what they call ‘free will’ when they really don’t. It is the sort of conclusion that makes the chests of dormroom (and beer parlor) philosophers swell with pride and pat themselves on the back for ‘seeing’ something so ‘insightful’.  Human beings, thus, are merely (at least when they enjoy this ‘illusion’) puppets that like their strings. (Incidentally, is a puppet that likes its strings essentially ‘free’, or isn’t it?) Meanwhile, these self-congratulating retards fail to see that their position is every bit as obtuse as saying that a canvas is not really a beautiful painting featuring a lovely scenery with humans and various objects…Why?...Because if you look very closely at it, it is made up of tiny little dots.

Typically, ‘hard determinists’, especially these dilettante types, are usually people who have come to some personal realization about a basic fact about the world and biological life (including human beings) that has long been trivial and obvious to other people and feel as though they have discovered something revolutionary (and personally exhilarating). This, for some reason, gives these amateurs a tendency to feel entitled to browbeat the works of much more thoughtful minds that have explored the subject long before they even knew that such a subject existed. This tendency may be attributable to the sensation of ‘discovery’ and conclusiveness that such people tend to feel about the concept of ‘determinism’ as it swims around in their heads, and a naïve and presumptuous belief that they have reached some kind of plateau of knowledge about the nature of the human mind – rather than just the foot of a long steep.  

No love for Zizek in /r/philosophy
Is it safe to assume that this course will be intro level? I'm definitely interested, but I don't want to get in the course only to find out that there's a whole lot of things I should've studied up on before-hand
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
I thought the answer was, "of course."

Even in the U.S. there are incurable and extremely painful conditions where parents are given the option on whether to pursue experimental treatments or to take their child or baby home, make them comfortable, and wait.

There are children in hospice.

There is no reason an infant or child should spend six months either in a drug induced coma or in screaming agony before that tiny heart gives out.  There is no compassion or kindness in squeezing out every last drop of agony from a victim who cannot escape the final result or even put it off a bit.  There comes a point where death is the only mercy the parents or medical staff is capable of offering.

Of course permanent solutions should never be offered for temporary problems, but when agony is all that's left, maybe our society can stand to spare our most vulnerable a little suffering.
From what I've researched a few years ago, some children who experience terminal illnesses or have experienced it with a loved one, understand the permanence of death at quite a young age. It is tied in with their brain development stages of of object permanence and concrete reasoning. Object permanence is first experienced in infancy and concrete reasoning starts around age 6.  Some achieve this stage younger and some older. It's been observed that children with terminal illness oftentimes make great gains within this developmental stage earlier and more fully. Possibly due to the amount of dr. visits, their symptoms, and the way people interact with them. This has been seen with children who experience the death of a loved one at or before this stage. There's been cases of kids as young as 3 who seem to understand that death is permanent and not reversible. I suspect that traumatic experiences actually facilitate brain development and growth, under the right conditions.  I think it's freaking fascinating how our environment can actually change the physiology of our brains. 

I do have a personal bias towards this issue since my niece and nephew both have NBIA. This is a horrible, rare disease that cause such physical pain---muscle contractions cause bones to break. It's a neurological disease so pain meds don't get past the blood brain barrier. They've been put in a twilight like state with some type of anesthesia---I don't know what. When my nephew was at the point of needing a respirator full time, he went into hospice. He'd lived in pain  well past the age of when we thought he would die. Granted he was 17, but he had the emotional age of one much younger. My SIL told him that they were going to put him to sleep, take out the respirator, and then he would wake up in heaven. So that's what the dr. did. 

Except it didn't work right. My nephew didn't die from the combination of the drugs and his disease. They didn't give him enough medication and he woke up. In excruciating pain. And he was pissed. He wanted to die so badly. I am def on the side of letting children be involved in and make end of life decisions. As long as they have the cognitive maturity---hell yeah. It's is suggested that everyone in the family, medical team-- including counselors, friends and spiritual advisors make the decision along with the child who has reached this stage of development.

Whist I theoretically agree, it's scary to think of how parents could easily influence this decision.  Who knows how an 11 year old would respond if their parents are telling them that euthanasia is their best option. 
Children can have medical conditions too that can make them terminally ill when they know they won't live to adulthood so they should have the right to choose  the same way  an adult can for when there  is an issue about their quality of life. Children should not have to suffer  from incurable things longer just because they are children because age and death are not limited to or by age and children can have incurable diseases and medical issues too.
I can tell you from experience, there is no single right answer to this question. When we found out my daughter had leukemia when she turned 4, there was no question in our minds we would do what we could to help her get better.  We felt that eventually her quality of life would return if the treatments worked and it would be worth it.  

Long story short, her little body was pushed to the brink of cellular death before she received her bone marrow transplant.  Thanks to the awesome hospital staff who took care of her, she is 10 years cancer free.  

But the effects of the chemo and radiation are still present.  I won't go into it now because this post is getting too long.  

Fast forward 8 years after the leukemia scare, we were pregnant and excited.  I found out in my 7th month of pregnancy our child was going to be born without a brain.  

Devastated by the news we had to figure out what was the best course of action for our soon to be born daughter.  We ended up taking her home for hospice care where she passed shortly.  

We chose not to take any extraordinary measures because her quality of life was simply not going to improve. We chose to let her die because we knew she would never really live.  

Every case is different.  Every decision is individual to the families of the loved ones who are responsible for making the difficult choices for their children.  

Of course my four year old would have chose to stop her therapy.  It was painful.  It was scary.  But what child wouldn't want those things to stop?  As parents and caregivers we have a responsibility to keep our children safe and healthy even if it means protecting them from themselves.

TL;DR:  Had two terminally ill daughters; we made what we felt were appropriate decisions concerning their care.
I agree, they should. Just like adults (where I am from euthanasia isn't a thing) why I think some people would argue against is the misunderstanding that a kid can just decide that he/she does not want to live any more. (school is too hard, let the doctors kill me) it is a decidion made by many people doctors and psychiatrists, and used as a absolute final solution. 
I just wrote a lengthy research paper on the right to die movement, and while it's hard to let our loved ones go, they fucking know when it's enough, and who are we to make them suffer? Children, however, may not know. But who are we to make them keep on, when they're suffering? "No one has the right to prolong my death" - Jennifer Glass. That sort of compassion should be for everyone. 
[deleted]
Depends. If they're in extreme pain and there's no hope for them, yes. If they aren't then no. 
Everyone should have the choice to die whenever they like. We treat human life like it's some special snowflake. 58 million people a year die, more than 5 million of them children under 5.  I think euthanasia should be afforded to anyone who wants to die for any reason. It'd be a lot nicer than coming home to find your family member hanging in the garage because they were tired of living this life. Everyone dies, everyone should have the choice, healthy or not, when to humanely end life. In the end, who cares? We're saying we should have the choice when someone else dies, when in reality only one person should have that choice and that's the person whose life it is, child or not. One less person isn't going to change the course of our future and perhaps it would remove some of the stigma around dying. 
This should still be a parents decision, as it is their duty to look out for what they believe to be the best interest of the child. So long as they aren't refusing treatments for something that has a possible cure they should do as they see fit. Rather than make the child face the reality of death at such a young and naive point in their lives, we should try to comfort them during these trials that are facing them, whether it's through treatments or the parent decides that it's the right thing to do.
Please also note that distinctions can and are be made between children of different capacities and ages: [see here for discussion re newborns](https://tfburns.com/2014/07/15/on-the-euthanasia-of-severely-disabled-newborns/)
When you suffer as they do, your opinion can count. 
It really boils down to consent. The majority of children do not possess the intellectual capacity or development to consent - assent perhaps, but not consent. Usually the parent or guardian is consulted as they are the individual that has, or at least should have, the child's best interest at heart. A similar system would likely be appropriate in regards to this issue.
Not by choice. 
There are children who commit suicide anyway. They easily understand death. They're forced to know people who have died, are dying, or will die. It's understood during the first death they experience. A child of terminal illness knows this even better, because they know the efforts only give them X more time left. I think their opinions should be taken into consideration.  They aren't animals that can't speak. Sure, a cure may be just around the corner, but maybe life just isn't for that particular child. I'm not saying not to fight, I'm saying to let it be the child's decision; because it's their lives, not anyone else's that has to live through the physical pain and emotional rollercoaster of pitying those who continue to stick beside them. 
Well, I was wondering when this was going to happen.
Everyone has the right to die...we are all going to die. 

Do they have the right to arbitrarily end their lives or the lives of others?   Do their parents have the right to end their lives? 

The doctors?

Should hope be legislated, or legislated against?

These are deep questions and I foresee a hard time getting a serious answer on Reddit.

Whether or not death is an appropriate solution is going to overshadow the question of if children are able to execute the decision. 

I think it's impossible to determine and impossible to let children make that decision, especially on that situation.

Realistically, they are going to be coerced/pursuaded by their parents. 

I don't think anyone would be willing to let kids have the option unless a doctor and parent agreed it was an option.  And in that situation, wouldn't the adults simply be asking the child to agree?

I think you have to have stopped believing in Santa for a decade before you're allowed anywhere near that kind of decision.
[removed]
If we can take life from them without permission, why can't we take it with their permission?
Uh. No. 

Only because they don't even have the right to drink or vote or basically be a legal adult. 

You can't say someone lacks capacity to self govern , but totally should be allowed to decide on such a serious matter. 

Then talk about outside influence. Parents and friends.  We are talking about beings that often think santa is real and will believe whatever their parents and friends say. Do we really think they are too dumb to remember to take a bath yet suddenly are insightful enough to contemplate their own mortality and decide upon it? 

It's stupid to be so contradictory. It's one or the other. They are either minors or they are not.
You religious people should stop presuming you have the right to decide for people who might not share your choice of superstition
Why is death taboo? Every person who has ever lived has or will die. We are all dying, albeit at much different rates. If we concede that death is simply non existence, then how can we paint it negatively? Non existence is neither good nor bad. It's nothing. If a person was to endure unbearable suffering for an extended period of time with the possibility of a normal life in the future (normal lives are constituted of both pain and pleasure), why is death not a good option? Let's even assume that their life was to consist of pure ecstasy post-whatever they are currently experiencing. Even if that was the case, is death still not preferable? Non existence does not equate (I don't think) with floating through the ether reminiscing over the pleasurable life you could have experienced, had your life not been terminated. There is nothing. 

One remaining issue is that we are all human beings. Even if we accepted this premise, emotional bonds with those we love are not easily severed. And for good reason. It is painful to think about what life might be like if a particular loved one was still around. Not just for the reason of that loved one's own pleasure, but for the pleasure they bring to those who must still live.

There was a video posted on this sub a while back done by Adam Pierce on the hedonistic imperative. Thought provoking stuff. How one day we might genetically engineer humans to live more pleasurably. 
There are people here who don't support anyone's right to die. I don't see why it's worth it to discuss if children, specifically, should be able to.
~~In Belgium we have a kids euthanasia law in place since 2014. It was first practiced 2and a half years later.~~

As a parent myself I can only imagine having to co-decided on a grueling decision like that. I don't think I would or could ever come to peace with myself if ever forced to take a decision like that. However, i find comfort the law is there if ever really needed.

edit: read the linked article after my post.
I actually have a terminal illness and have been on my death bed quite a few times especially as a young child (cystic fibrosis). Let me tell you no amount of pain would be enough to make death seem like an option at such a young age, as I got older in my 20's I've experienced pain that I've said yep kill me or give me painkillers cause shits fucked but at such a young age with so much of my life to go the time is exponentially precious.


Of course this is my subjective experience, I think you'll find most kids are too afraid to make that decision and even more don't have the capacity or understanding of the finality to make the decision. All this being said I think if a child is suffering immeasurably we should give them peace. Of course it'd need to be confirmed by a doctor because a child may think x is worse than it is but yeah.
No, the human brain isn't fully developed until later in life. Most notably, the frontal lobe isn't developed until age 25; the part of the brain responsible for higher level thinking. Children should never have the final say in decision making.
It's not a matter of rights.   Primarily because you can do it and the punishment is self inflicted. 

The question is, as a country, should your laws and morals reflect that you would be ok with such horrible actions.
[removed]
[removed]
**It is best for society when it is illegal to kill children and yet medical professionals / parents do so anyway.**

Children will die whether or not or not rights are assigned; the question that remains: what is the space for individual action?

First..I hope we can agree that children are proxy deciders for the adults around them; it is the nature of the human village.   If adults decide to kill a child, a child will decide to kill itself.  Hopefully we can agree the question of children deciding their own future can be put to bed.

When adults make legal decisions about children, a tone is set in society; a measured door opens to a slope, where adults will later disagree on when and why an issue is ok in some cases, and not ok in others.  Values and ethics change with the times, and what is anthema to one generation becomes standard procedure to another.

When it comes to lives of children, the problem is we cannot trust adults to do the right thing at all times.  Even if a mercy killing is justified, there is no guarantee that the scope of mercy killings will expand beyond the justifiable.  Society must be ever vilgiant, and so perhaps it is best if legally, no children are allowed to die--at all.

The scope discussion changes from 'when is it ok to kill?' to 'why wasn't more support given?'  This is a better question for society to answer--it brings us closer to the ideal.  

I say this knowing full well, that today, medical professionals and parents decide to allow their children to die--either conciouslly or subconciously.  Such shadow actions leave no stain on parent, doctor or society...perhaps, for now, that is the best we can manage.


I dont want to think about it.
Death can be taken for granted. It's not a 'right' that can be taken away from someone like a physical belonging. 

The child will mature and once that happens the child is dead. Born again as an adolescent, unknowing that one day the process will repeat. Only this time their teenage husk will produce an adult. 

It is certain. 
This is the same guy who advocated for "post-birth abortions" for the disabled

Edit: [source](http://www.equip.org/article/peter-singers-bold-defense-of-infanticide/) 
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
I'm a rather devout Christian, and I'd like to share my thoughts after reading that post. 

It's unfortunate to me that not everyone believes in God, but, of course, that's their decision. If they want to make the choice to sin, they may be permitted to do so, but they will not benefit from it, and I will never encourage it.

As far as euthanasia goes, you can't do anything if you're dead. As long as you live, you still have a purpose to do so, even if you're suffering and you know you're going to die. Your continued existence may still make someone happy, or inspire others. You have the freedom to choose to die if you wish, in fact, you have it every single day, but the truth is, as long as you live, you will feel pain, sorrow, and you will suffer. However, there is also joy in life, and sometimes, suffering for that joy is worth it.

Poorly formatted as that was, that's what I believe.
Depends, is this a hypothetical? Because if I get to make a hypothetical world, then it'll have to be a perfect one, and the people in that world would have to ask, *"What are children?"*
[removed]
No one has the right to die that is up to God to decide and if you die well that's because you have made a poor choice at that moment in time. Every living thing is precious to God even if it is still in the womb.
The article provides no specific examples as to what they are trying to get at.  Just as in war, ethical principles need to be in place and be used as a guideline.  Then it hints at laws and regulations that are already in place to keep the economy in check and to ensure a more fair, moral playing field for all actors.

What specific laws/regulations need to be enacted to ensure that the free market and Wall Street act ethically?
Wall Street does have ethics: you don't see traders shorting stocks, then killing CEOs to reap millions.
I recently started working at a major investment bank, and it's been interesting to see the inside perspective of economic ethics. What I've found is that it's hard to perceive the impact small decisions can make on the broader economy. While there are definitely exceptions, most of these "unethical" decisions are made within a context of problem solving. High speed trading, for instance, isn't utilized to put retail investors at a disadvantage, it's simply a better tool.

At least at my firm, a lot of effort is being made to address this issue. We go through a lot of training that tells us to step back and consider the broader implications of what we're doing, and if these small choices we're making are moving the behemoth of institution toward a better or worse position.  
We generally agree that laws are better than relying on good behavior. The laws governing Wall Street, and markets in general, reflect the degree to which we can agree on a set of ethics for engaging in transactions. 
The premise here is incorrect: the concept of war itself is grossly inethical. 
The Geneva Convention is a farce, making 'rules' for violence and death is absurd.
The premise of this article is absurd. The "ethics" of war are a bunch of rules that everyone ignores, just like rules and regulations in Wall Street. Applying more rules and "ethics" to Wall Street will just give them more stuff to disregard.

The NY Times are just a bunch of Wall Street apologists who are so intellectually sterile, and their world-view so insulated by ideological bias, that they could never envision any possibilities beyond Wall Street and the socio-economic system that supports it. They could only envision reforming existing systems and can't even imagine anything beyond them, even if externalities threaten to render those systems obsolete.
It would take hours, if not days, to disentangle all of the precepts or axioms offered up by this opinion piece.  I do think this is an example of people talking past each other, or not fully understanding the principles in question.  For example, the term Comparative Advantage is tossed out, and is used in this piece to describe war/markets as a kind of zero sum terminology, where one side enjoys the advantage, and the other is left with something less.  per the piece:

"The pursuit of a comparative advantage in the market has come to justify nearly any behavior and its consequences."

"In war, immoral action may provide the combatant with a comparative advantage, but it also stains society and humanity in ways that we have collectively deemed to be unacceptable."

  For an economist, Comparative Advantage is a concept that shows, empirically when two parties specialize in labor, the market in which these parties participate is rewarded with greater prosperity, because both are more productive than they would be if each were to try to be productive in multiple pursuits.  

He's right to identify the market as a fundamentally amoral place, in much the same way physics is amoral, or any other naturalistic law.  However, economists aren't trying to describe the ethical motives of businesses, or know what's in someone's heart when they decide to commit fraud.  Many of these comments are not unlike critiques offered by Marx.
I think this writer needs to get his head out of the gutter and better understand finance and the banking system than just quote random military theorists. 

Most headlines are pre2007 issues like DB. Banks have been pretty, almost very, passive since then. The pressure from the BoD is usually a bigger stem of most Fortune 500 dilemmas and ethics.
I'm all for Wall Street aligning itself with Adam Smith's view of capitalism, just so long they read the other four books of Wealth of Nations along with Theory Sentiment.
I like the idea behind the article, I really do, but there's a huge issue that remains: power.

As one increases the wealth of an individual (including a corporation to get that out of the way), one must also remember that money is the equivalent of a vote. Every dollar spent, every penny counted, each one represents some sort of work performed and given an appropriate wage or cut of the pie. That means those with more dollar "votes" can push laws, run competition out of business, and generally maintain or increase the number of these votes.

On a cursory inspection, this *seems* immoral; the poor are forced into low-paying jobs and those who have more wealth exert their money vote to maintain control over those below them. But if one digs a little deeper, is this power immoral? Power has been the driving force for humanity for a very long time, and though I don't have evidence here, I think one can generally conclude that the earliest formation of civilization required power of some sort to exist, be it a king, rich merchants, or a religious group.

If one thinks of these votes as power, there is nothing inherently wrong. A government, for example, can use guns to retain power. Would we call that immoral or even amoral? Some religious beliefs offer reward-based reincarnation or afterlife. Is that immoral or amoral? Capitalism promotes a lopsided power, to be sure, but what about that makes it morally wrong?

Now, one could argue that, for instance, human life is valuable and either through corruption or mere chance people die because of these misappropriations of money votes. That is a good argument against immoral and even amoral behavior in the marketplace. But people die every day of natural causes as well: should one sue or dismantle Mother Nature? I haven't been led to any conclusion that capitalism *doesn't* play out any differently, barring government regulations (which do, or at least ought to, prevent this sort of kill or be killed mentality that might arise). Power exists, it will always exist, and I see nothing that shows it is inherently immoral or amoral.
This site loves to rail on 'Wall Street' as some abstract concept of intentionally evil behavior. It's awesome how naive you all come off. Clearly have never worked in financial services or known anyone who does. Wall Street has ethics, you just think profit is evil. Poor incentives are the real enemy 
The author erroneously asserts that Capitalism has no ethical and just basis. Market exchanges are moral in that all participants are acting of their own accord and are made better off by the exchange. Resource allocation is just in that property owners are paid for the use of their property.
Not really? 

I mean wars are public and everyone can see and root against you if you do something unethical, you can't say the same for banks and trading business since they are private and does its work under the table... 
We can, but too many don't. Wall Street can't because Wall Street isn't a person.  It's made up of people.  People who can have ethics,  but...


Ethics needs to be taught.  Taught by parents first and foremost. If, not at home as is often the case,, then at school at intervals, or to a varying degree every year.  It must become a part of what we learn so that it becomes part of us without question in the future.  It cannot change otherwise.  People just saying we should have ethics are just talking to themselves. It needs to have examples to be followed. Everything in society follows that rule.  wrong or non existent examples are a cancer that spreads throughout the population through our infallible nature. It's our short coming that we willfully ignore.  It could take 2 or 3 generations of being taught year after year.  But it's possible, at least I think it is. 
War has ethics? Wait what?
The trouble is the lack of transparency.  Global intranational commercial systems are as just as much a war as a conventional war; it is an extension of the never ending geopolitical struggle. It's easy to see war crimes, it's virtually impossible to see financial crimes. You can't 'see'  the nation state manipulate it's own currency artificially to advantage. You can't monitor the financial crimes of other countries committed by private financial institutions when those same countries refuse to hold them accountable being bound by their own self interest. If there's no reliable accountability there can be now reliable regulations because until such time we can verify across the board compliance any new international financial regulations will be abused by the dishonest and used against the honest and that is the swan song of the modern globalized financial system as we know it. 
War has Ethics just when you don't need to cross it's bounds

The same everywhere else, I guess
War doesn't have ethics, we just like to pretend it does. There is nothing ethical about bombing a family because they are in the same house as a suspect cell phone.
Read "The Story of Edgewood Technology Services or... How I Lost $100 Million Discovering Who Makes Money Making Sure the Solari (Popsicle) Index Does Not Go Up" by Catherine Austin Fitts: http://www.scoop.co.nz/stories/HL0207/S00101.htm

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/56di6d/the_story_of_edgewood_technology_services_or_how/d8iiyq5
I agree that Wall Street should be more ethically inclined, I'm not so sure about this particular point. War deals with death and is near undeniably an (necessary) evil, so regulation is, every day, life and death. Poor ethical guidelines in banking can possibly result in death, but more often a lost job or something of that nature which is, no doubt, serious, but it pales in comparison to a Vietnamese fishing village being blasted with napalm. 
You can start by actually jailing the people who break the law. Pass laws that hold executives criminally responsible for actions of their companies that are able to be shown as systematic and intentional
But.... but.... in almost every documented since the inception of legal ethics in war, they have been broken time and time again by both or one side.
the only thing ethical about war, is what's written down in the history books well after all the unethical bits are done.

that's no way to run an economy.
war *can* have ethics. but how often are these ethical norms actually respected? how many over these are substantially agreed upon?
Great column. I would like to propose an extension of my own.  
There is no "greater good." There are decisions, and there are right and wrong choices to make in those decisions. The right decision will always leave those involved more moral.  
  
Humans still will come to each others' boundaries. It is the decision we make when we meet that human where our morality is determined. This does not change when the exchange medium of money is added to the meeting. Trade is still a meeting between humans, and morals and civility apply here just as they would in any meeting between people.
I love the fantasy that war has ethics and rules. The only people who follow rules in war are always the people that lose them. Wars are savage and evil affairs, intended on killing those not like you, to insure that they never come to challenge you again.

They are not sport outings in which injuries occur and everyone stops for lunch.


On paper war is supposed to have some ethics, as well as wall street.  In practice though, as we all know, war has no ethics and neither does wall street.  Where is this idea that somehow war has ethics?  Just because a handful of people have been convicted of war crimes?  And many people have also been convicted of financial crimes.  Yet the vast majority of all crime goes unpunished by the corrupt legal system because in the end, it's not about serving justice, it's about serving power, and that's what everyone needs to wake up to unless we want to create a living hell.
Just as war, there will be some that will go around the rules.

In wall street there is a saying that goes along the lines of:

"Whatever rule you put, we'll find a way to make money out of it."
The central problem is the WS has subjugated all levels of the US government and has been its master for several decades. You cannot expect an industry to have some core ethic if they control the means of regulation.  
[War, What Is It Good For?](https://youtu.be/qqS1Ty79mOE?t=28s)
This assumes so much wrong stuff. In reality, war has actually no rules and the more the laws you impose to investors, the more monopolies grow and the more they are powerful and able to control the laws, in order to remove competition from the market. 
This assumes war has ethics which it does not. You hear about the terrible things the losing side did during the war, you never hear about the terrible things the other side did to win. Of course wall street isnt out to kill people at least not to my knowledge anyway.
[removed]
[removed]
i think that after 2008 we can say that these ppl showed their value in human society, aka inside job movie
Stopped reading after this sentence: "Imagine the moral and societal hazard if the military permitted such retaliation against those who reported illegal and immoral behaviors."
I agree with everything stated before that sentence. 

They do permit it. 
Corporations are not people. Let's fix that.  Let's also work on changing the notion that a corporation'a only purpose is to generate profit strictly for share holders.
>In a “just” economy, venture capitalists would

not exist. this is just more tired liberal pap that seeks to justify capitalism. i find it hilarious that the author has to reach all the way to fucking *war* to explain why an ethical capitalism is somehow possible. utter garbage.
>"Free-market advocates hold fast to justifications that amount to variations on the “invisible hand” theory of Adam Smith — that the economy is not a moral space, but one that relies on a free and fair market"

Adam Smith spells out  "Market Distortion" in Wealth of Nations; addressing this authors misconception of the invisible hand (the invisible hand always acts, in spite of how distorted the market becomes.)

He then goes on to conclude

>"In short, the amoral economy envisioned by free market theory is a fantasy..."

No, sir, you have missed the point entirely; perhaps market distortions are the cause of this apparent abhorrent behavior? But how could that be?

An agent that breaks a regulation is also an agent who breaks a law. Regulations are the cause of market distortions, for their tendency to encourage a type of behavior deemed in the public best interest (home ownership, marriage, reduce/increase the population, reduce discrimination,etc) that people would otherwise not participate in, distortions have unintended consequences (just like anything else.) Condemning a free market because it gives people the freedom to break laws doesn't make sense; I am sure there are laws against fraud (the misrepresentation of claims, the illicit and impermissible use of other peoples money?) Last I heard this was illegal.

The author then goes on to asking "what can be done about it." (I don't think we fully understand the problem yet, so why are we jumping to conclusions here?)

The author concludes 

>"We need better laws and regulations, but first we must establish a foundational morality to guide their development."

And the cycle repeats the advocacy of more command economy; "if only the regulations were just better, what principles are we missing out here." 
If only this were the case then why hasn't a solution been found by now, after how many decades of better and better regulations?
Who is going to be the one to establish the "foundational morality" for everyone else to follow? A league of extraordinary gentlemen? A quorum of the most intelligent economists? 


But war is death upfront. Wall Street corruption seems like a victimless crime to those who commit it. That's why our government is fucked; GREED. People aren't trying to wreck society, they just want a few more bucks for themselves and their families. Greed needs to be kept in check. We need a tax on Wall Street speculation 
But can you have ethics within a system that doesn't work without some having less than other despite working harder?
Wall Street needs expropriation, not ethics. 
Bankers create war for profit. Slaughter and suffering are of no consequence to bankers.
These "ethics" sound very expensive. How do they help increase shareholder value? After all we all know that profits and shareholder value are far more important than living in a society with livable wages, a robust middle class, or trust between consumers and businesses.
If you've ever read Clausewitz you'll understand that the only ethic in war is victory, and any action that can be taken which will lead to this victory is the imperative of the good commander to order and carry out.  This variant of war philosophy is the backbone of all modern military doctrine.
Trying to make capitalism compatible with ethics... Good one.
>Nearly a decade after one of the most devastating financial collapses in modern history, Wall Street appears as corrupt as ever. 

Implying the government didn't cause the financial collapse
Unlike war, governments can tax firms, organizations, and people so that externalities (aka ethics) are accounted for in the business/profit decision-making process. It is unethical to change the climate of the planet = carbon tax. It is unethical to pay poverty wages = minimum wage. Etc.
Wall Street does have ethics. Many people on Wall Street are Chartered Financial Analysts. To get and maintain this designation, you need to comply with a strict standard of ethics.
But war can't.
People who don't obey the rules of war are lined up and shot.
\>implying war has ethics
Some great thoughts in his article. Kudos to the Times
They do.  They're just shitty ones.
The second "war has ethics"... wall street will also.

The second before coming to the conclusion of war having ethics, consider the following oxymoron: civilized war.

War is not ethical. Wall street is corrupt; two entirely different concepts.
Money corrupts the human mind through subtle mind altering devices in the bills
I dont like the comparison at all, sorry guys. War is its own entity, nothing can nor should be compared to war in this manner. While at war every single human rule and law is set aside for the reason of pure victory, all ethics derived from war are post war ideals. War crimes are tired and observed AFTER war, all regrets and conclusions drawn are after the act as taken place. In the moments of war it is pure instinct and reaction. Please do not compare murder , torture and things of this ilk to a few people handling a lot of money.
In War, those with so called ethics. Always lose. 

It's an historical reality. You can have mercy, you can understand when someone submits. But only after you totally devastate by any means necessary. 

Which is why I feel the United States should have nuked Mecca Sept 12th. 

There is talk of war.. and then there is the battlefield. Do not confuse the two. 

From Sun Tzu, to Gen. Washington, to Napoleon, to Truman, to 9/11 and suicide and homicide bombings. It's no romantic bullshit. 

The author of the article is willfully omitting the brutality of warfare in this comparison. If not, he is an intelligent idiot. 
Wall Street cannot have ethics, for finance and market are inherently unethical.

Like the people mentioned in the article say, if Capitalism is about maximising profits for owners and shareholders, then moral stipulations would hinder the ability of a financial institution to do that.

Why structure our economic system as we do only to hinder it with moral stipulations. This is half assing things. If we are staying with Capitalism I vote to make things as exploitative as possible, because that is when our system really shines. That is when capital is at it's peak.

Why half ass our exploitation of ourselves? Things are turning out exactly as you would have expected from a system that turns people into cold financial calculators and left brained psychos.

If people are unhappy, why would you try to limit the natural progression of capitalism with moral stipulations? We might as well completely reorganize our society because eventually (as is the slimy nature of capitalism) the system will slip out of the moral yoke, and continue on as it is now. People will have the same problem in 50 years as Capitalism once again becomes more and more exploitative.

Capitalism is inherently immoral so no amount of regulation could ever make it otherwise.
That's nonsense.

We don't have ethics, and neither does war. Or rather, yes, we have ethics, and then someone offers us 10 million to look the other way for something unethical, and we do, and then we no longer have ethics. Or maybe a little ethics. 

Hell, war in itself is an activity where its primary purpose is to make people rich. 

"War is a racket. It always has been. It is possibly the oldest, easily the most profitable, surely the most vicious. It is the only one international in scope. It is the only one in which the profits are reckoned in dollars and the losses in lives. A racket is best described, I believe, as something that is not what it seems to the majority of the people. Only a small 'inside' group knows what it is about. It is conducted for the benefit of the very few, at the expense of the very many. Out of war a few people make huge fortunes." -- United States Marine Corps Major General and two time Medal of Honor recipient Smedley D. Butler, 1881-1940

Wall Street isn't unethical because they lack ethics, they're unethical because they make brutal quantities of money off other people's misery. And they can tell themselves that they're not really the ones doing it, it's the company. It's the company's fault, not their personal fault, even though they made all the decisions. 

The problems in today's society are almost entirely down to the fact that we run it on a competition-basis, and from there follows that the people who make the most money are the most free. So people do whatever it takes to make money. Ethical or not. 

Our society is in itself corrupt and it also very powerfully corrupts. When you have a foundation as toxic to society as competition, then of course it won't be a good one.
So are they advocating for more regulations? I mean, we have laws that are supposed to regulate war, but that doesn't mean that armies don't break them. 

I'm a free market advocate, but I understand that people are just as concerned about corruption in powerful members in the private sector as they are in the public, and it's justified. With that said, I still think regulations are immoral. 

The article seems to imply the need for a strictly regulated private sector to some degree, but the fact they are providing corporations that broke laws seems kind of irrelevant. The government breaks laws. Armies break laws. Why are companies now more immoral?
[removed]
The most interesting claim by David Deutsch I found in the material was that computation was a fundamental feature (like quantum mechanics) as opposed to being something ~emergent (like bridge building). However, the justification seems to simply be just "any physical process can be simulated by a computer". I personally have doubts about that - how do you simulate seemingly purely random phenomena? Also, how does being able to simulate something in a certain manner (computation) mean that computation is fundamental? Perhaps I missed something.

Other good bits, rememberable for me:

- AIG must have the capacity to produce new explanations, as opposed to mere transformation of inputs into outputs (though it does seem to be a tenuous distinction, as explanations themselves do seem to me to be an instance of input-transformation-output).

- the prevalence/importance of error in human knowledge/knowledge-creation.

- perhaps all features of the human mind that are not understood are the same - so simply solving creativity would solve all of them.

- we need a knowledge leap - similar to Darwin's realization that the shape of animals is not what defines them, but that traits (genes) create shapes as a side-effect.
Humanity once had very basic skills, communicated primitively and lived in mud huts, some still do. Human brains haven't evolved all that much in tens of thousands of years. The reason civilization is where it's at today is through an accumulation of pooled knowledge. AI is only limited by its computational ability and through our efforts is continually evolving. AI has a big head start on humanity in terms of evolution and it has instant access to our accumulated knowledge base. The principle of modern computing begun 80 years ago with Turing. Look how far we've come in that space of time. AI's Adaptive ability in the world environment and beyond is only a few steps down the evolutionary line. They are the next stage of evolution.
This does not seem terribly deep or insightful to me. The problem of evil is only a problem if God is omnibenevolent, omniscient and omnipotent. If you chuck out omnipotence so that God is helpless to eradicate evil, that solves the problem of evil.

The soteriological aspect that the author seems so pleased with also strikes me as no less problematic than the puzzle it is supposed to replace. It seems equally unfair that some people will go to Hell just because they *heard* of Jesus, while others get a definitive post-mortem encounter with God because they had not heard of Jesus. Either way some people are being condemned to eternal torment due at least in part to bad luck.
Your post was removed. A moderator determined that it broke the following rule:

>**Rule 1:** Posts must put forth a substantive philosophical thesis and make a serious and sustained attempt to defend this thesis in English (with some exceptions, e.g. news about the profession, interviews with philosophers, and so on). Questions belong in /r/askphilosophy.

If this is a self-post, you may edit your post to fix this problem and [message the moderators](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fphilosophy&subject=&message=Post%20in%20question:%20https%3A//www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/56mg8g/joseph_smith_and_the_problem_of_evil/) to have it reinstated.

-----

I am a bot. Please do not reply to this message, as it will likely go unread. Instead, use the link above to contact the moderators.
God is Omnipotent, Omnipresent? This argument sets forth a premise that God is our creator. When in fact it should be arguing about our creator.The two are seperate. 
God Is the Universe. The unbound being. The word god by definition, means everything. God encompasses all. Good and evil. For without one there cannot exist the other. It is the great colliding of these forces that allows the physical plane to exist. 
Our creator is physical. Our creator is a manipultor of DNA, Bacteria, Virus and the necessary physical laws that pertain to this universe. LDS members are told from the begining god is physical. They, and most religions have confused these two different things. 
We exist on this physical plane. Science has all but proven that this plane is a digital projection. Our souls are eternal light/elecricity, coupled with this physical plane.  It is all that we know. Love coupled with hate, pleasure with pain. It is in this world that we aquire necessary knowledge. Then we die. Then we live. Then we die. Every time gathering knowledge/experience to add to the eternal source code. 
"The problem of evil" is only a problem because people like Joseph smith say it is a problem. In fact it is a solution to itself. It can never overcome the good that pushes against it. It can never overcome or be triumphant because it's very nature is to corrupt and destroy. From that destruction always arrises new creation and balance.
To cut short for the sake of time. To know the truth is to close your eyes and meditate/pray on the source. Talk to the source. Ask and receive. Use our brains in an open state of being. Religion closes that state of being and makes us sure that we already know, therefore hampering any chance for eternal progression. Logic and Reason are the way to the Source.
Interesting. I consider the [problem of evil](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Problem_of_evil) debate at pretty much at stalemate as nothing that any rational person can say will defeat blind faith. But don't stop trying. At least the debate gives one a chance to do some mental gymnastics and hone one's philosophical skills at debate. Anyway my approach to the problem of evil is by thinking outside-the-box and simply ask the question: *"If God can create a heaven that is so perfect then why bother creating life?"*
[removed]
Please see this link for the answer :

https://www.jw.org/finder?docid=1102012190&wtlocale=E&srcid=share
We should assume that it is, it leads to better things...

Edit: That's right, just downvote, don't ask how or why I think this... You wouldn't want your beliefs challenged in the /r/philosophy subreddit!
> Society of Friends...

Wow! I didn't know Quakers had a philosophical organization!

>... of Epicurus

Oh.
I like the cut of the jib; offer the folllowing for consideration:

http://www.npr.org/sections/alltechconsidered/2016/06/27/480639265/human-or-machine-can-you-tell-who-wrote-these-poems

And consider...grammar vs language? 
>I think it is very likely that every content that has so far passed through your mind and mine, as I have been presenting this talk, is strictly off limits to non-language-users, be they apes or dolphins, or even non-signing Deaf people.

I can see how it can be argued that certain complex thoughts could not be communicated effectively without language (or at least that it would not be feasible in practice), but I believe that the claim that we cannot have or comprehend complex thoughts without language is untenable.  If we require language for complex thoughts, then how did we develop language in the first place?  Certain complex ideas have to be first understood before any language can be acquired.  For example, children know what circles are before they learn the definition or even how to say the word.  We match words to ideas we already have.  If we don't have an idea of the concept in our mind, then what are we matching a word to when we learn it?  In other words, how can we attach semantics to words if we don't have any idea of the concept before learning a word?  If a person has lived in a world of rectangles and squares his whole life and has no idea what a circle is, teaching him the word "circle" doesn't mean he understands the concept at all.  Of course we can use words to communicate ideas to build an image that someone has never seen, but when doing so we are using words attached to concepts that others do understand (as in the "man climbing up a rope with a plastic dustbin over his head" example given in the article).

Also, I know that many mathematicians and logicians "see" certain patterns and abstractions in their head before they are able to articulate it.  I know that when I am thinking about certain problems, I am visualizing it geometrically and use little or no language at all in the process.  In fact, even if I can state problems and solutions in some language (formal or natural), I don't feel that I truly understand it until I have a non verbal visualization or picture of it in my head.  After I have some epiphany or breakthrough, I then have to convert it to a language to communicate it to others, but that is certainly not an automatic or fluid process.  I know that I am not unique in that regard and I think that is likely the more common process when learning and thinking about certain abstract fields such as mathematics. 
Denneth is being a bit sloppy in his discussion of intelligence.

>In the beginning there was Darwinian evolution of species by natural selection. A variety of candidate organisms were blindly generated by more or less arbitrary processes of recombination and mutation of genes. These organisms were field tested, and only the best designs survived. This is the ground floor of the tower. Let us call its inhabitants Darwinian creatures. 

Evolution is a lot more complex than that. It doesn't just pick good designs - it picks designs that are themselves *good at evolving* (for instance by setting the rate of mutations or by discovering good "building blocks"). In that sense, it is already the case that evolution has some level of *preselection*.

>But how is this preselection in Popperian agents to be done? Where is the feedback to come from? A better system involves preselection among all the possible behaviors or actions, weeding out the truly stupid options before risking them in the harsh world. We human beings are creatures capable of this third refinement, but we are probably not alone. 

As explained above, preselection is not necessarily achieved by planning. One may consider some measure of similarity with previous actions and preferentially try out actions that do not resemble terrible previous actions ("don't try jumping into a 2 meters deep hole if jumping into a 1 meter deep hole proved a bad idea"). Conversely, preferentially try out actions that resemble those that were successful. Not only are humans not alone in doing that, but it's likely that nearly everything smarter than an insect can do that. Can they *plan* (in the sense of predicting the consequences of chains of causes and their effects, which is what Dennett has in mind here)? That's much more advanced and it's possible that we and a few other species are alone capable of that. 

Apart from these minor technicalities, I agree with the gist of the article - language is not thought; but I think it fails to insist enough on language as a tool for action versus language as a tool for representation.
A reminder:

>Opinions are not valuable here, arguments are! Comments that solely express musings, opinions, beliefs, or assertions without argument may be removed.
It's an interesting take on one of the fundamental philosophical problems - "why do anything at all?".  

In order to want truth, good, happiness, etc... we have to start off by wanting SOMETHING. Things like sex, food, friends and random stuff are all things that we can immediately grasp, appreciate and enjoy. In the greek understanding, that whole notion of "wanting things" in general is itself a good thing, since it implies a strong intrinsic motivation, and "wanting nothing" wouldn't be seen as inherently a virtue, but rather a problem leading to apathy, inactivity and despair. 

Largely as a result of certain strains judeo-christian thought (though admittedly, not all of them), anglo-american culture has an undercurrent of treating immediate physical pleasures entirely as a distraction and corruption of interests away from divine truths. Hence the strong tendency towards prohibition of things that are seen as overly corrupting (alcohol, drugs, prostitution, etc...). Of course, some examples of christian thought in other places also reject that position and takes a more classical approach, like in continental Europe, but in the english-speaking world the stance of rejecting intermediate pleasures still predominates. 

Also, did anyone else notice that the rungs of the ladder at the end were all cocks?
[removed]
How does this fit in with arguments from the Phaedo? In particular, I remember that Socrates argues a philosopher's goal is to be close to death, abstaining from physical stimuli including physical pleasures, so as to get closer to the ideals. Is there any contradiction in that argument and the one presented here? It seems like giving in or seeking a physical pleasure may, at least temporarily, drive you closer to being distracted by the physical. I have not read the symposium or know how it fits in the larger scheme of Plato's writings, though.
Socrates asserts that the beginning of "righteousness" (very different to what our Christian-founded world thinks of the word) may be sexual desire. It doesn't mean that each time you bang some chick you move up a wrung; it means that at first you notice that someone has a great body superficially. At the end, and what is morally/universally/whateverly Best for Socrates is that you don't even notice the great body (that may not even be there); instead, noticing that the person is beautiful because of the traits Socrates lists. 

Someone else here said that it's just a natural part of growing up. That may be true but it can also be achieved at a very young age. 

This might seem obvious, in fact most of what Socrates/Plato/Aristotle writes is quite logically obvious when you think about it, they were just the ones that wrote it down coherently.
The cartoon is literally and substantively monochromatic. Odd that the reproduction of the beautiful is not even mentioned. Not to mention Socrates enactment thereof by telling a story of being told a story.

It's only value might be to provoke actually reading the *Symposium*
[removed]
[deleted]
Isn't this just age and experience, though?  As time goes on you notice these things, not because you have had and continue to have sex.  As one gets older the chances or frequency of sex rises, but I feel that's less impactful than age, maturity and experience.  In fact, those chances or frequencies rise BECAUSE you get older and realize initial, physical, lustful beauty is less important.  I guess you could argue it both ways in that case, but I feel age and maturity "weighs" more.
It depends on how you define righteousness. What does righteousness entail? If we are talking about righteousness as virtue, then one can conclude that Socrates was not all for sexual desire. In fact, he believed that bodily pleasures like sexual desire INTERFERED with attaining wisdom and virtue, which should be the ultimate goals for every philosopher. Yet, if we say that Socrates valued sexual desires as the first step towards righteousness, would that not be like implying that Socrates did not work towards being a philosopher?
I.... agree and some parts don't agree... Its just so singled minded? I guess... in a way oh, you want too step towards righteousness?(What is righteousness?) Believed in "sexual desire" and then, you'll be on the step. To me sounds more like understanding and appreciating your surroundings.   
I think this is probably the biggest reason Aristotle didn't like Socrates all too much and went the other way on a lot of things. 
So why should Plato's account be an account of Socrates' beliefs? Plato very well might be following his own motives in literature, which may not have to do with the historical accuracy of Socrates as a man. 
>"So far, Socrates, I have dealt with love-mysteries into which even you could probably be initiated, but whether you could grasp the perfect revelation [enlightenment] to which they lead the pilgrim if he does not stray from the right path, I do not know. However, you shall not fail for any lack of willingness on my part: I will tell you of it, and do try to follow if you can...

>The man who has been guided thus far in the mysteries of love, and who has directed his thoughts towards examples of beauty in due and orderly succession, will suddenly have revealed to him as he approaches the end of his initiation a beauty whose nature is marvelous indeed, the final goal, Socrates, of all his previous efforts [enlightenment]. This beauty is first of all eternal; it neither comes into being nor passes away, neither waxes or wanes; next, it is not beautiful in part and ugly in part, not beautiful at one time and ugly at another, nor beautiful in this relation and ugly in that, nor beautiful here and ugly there, as varying according to its beholders; nor again will this beauty appear to him like the beauty of a face or hands or anything else corporeal,  or like the beauty of a thought or a science, or like beauty which has its seat in something other than itself, be it a living thing or the earth or the sky or anything else whatever; he will see it as absolute, existing alone with itself, unique, eternal, and all other beautiful things partaking of it, yet in such a manner that, while they come into being and pass away, it neither undergoes any increase or diminution nor suffers any change.

>When a man, starting from this sensible world and making his way upward... begins to catch sight of that beauty, he is very near his goal. This is the right way of approaching or being initiated into the mysteries of love, to begin with examples of beauty in this world, and using them as steps to ascend continually with that absolute beauty as one's aim, from one instance of physical beauty to two and from two to all, then from physical beauty to moral beauty, and from moral beauty to beauty of knowledge, until from knowledge of various kinds one arrives at the supreme knowledge whose sole object is that absolute beauty, and knows at last what absolute beauty is.

>This above all others... is the region where a man's life should be spent, in the contemplation of absolute beauty [a man should devote himself to cultivating towards enlightenment]...  What may we suppose to be the felicity of the man who sees absolute beauty in its essence, pure and unalloyed, who, instead of a beauty tainted by human flesh and colour and a mass of perishable rubbish, is able to apprehend divine beauty where it exists apart and alone? Do you think that it will be a poor life that a man leads who has his gaze fixed in that direction, who contemplates absolute beauty with the appropriate faculty and is in constant union with it? Do you not see that in that region alone where he sees beauty with the faculty capable of seeing it, will he be able to bring forth not mere reflected images of goodness but true goodness, because he will be in contact not with reflection but with the truth? And having brought forth and nurtured true goodness he will have the privilege of being beloved of God, and becoming, if ever a man can, immortal himself." 

First of all, Eros or erotic romance may be the lowest rung on the ladder, but Socrates is saying that you're meant to transcend beyond it and you will not see the beatific vision otherwise if you are dwelling within the realm of physical desire.
Socrates never indulged, but was said to be immune from such desires, though he acknowledged them. 

At the beginning of the Symposium, Socrates is found standing in such a deep meditation that he does not stir even when called to him. He doesn't enter the party until an hour or so after. In Phaedo, he explained the practice of the True Philosopher, which is to prepare oneself for death by turning inwards towards the soul and forgetting about the desires of the body. This is the same practice the world over, spiritual enlightenment 101.
Considering sexuality is natural, suppressing it leads to lying and hypocrisy of expressing to others how "pure" you are, and implying you are better than other people that do indulge. But they are usually lying.

Lewd people, and people with interesting fetishes are quite honest and open in my experience. If they talk openly about their sexuality and sex practices when asked, they definitely are not hiding much from you. And people with fetishes generally have done quite a bit of deep self analysis and know what they like.

So I am in agreement with this one.

If you suppress yourself, you deny yourself.
It's that Skinners voice?
[removed]
The title of the post is misleading. The video presents the idea that sexual desire is the first step towards morality (or appreciation of the form of beauty)

Morality is not the same as righteousness.
I can see exactly where he is coming from. Has anyone every abstained from sexual intercourse or masturbation for over two weeks. It's absolutely amazing what happens to the mind. We become more aware, more interested, sharper, I fall in love with people more, fall in love with ideas and thoughts. This is the ascension he speaks of. It's innate in us. We just have to understand it and use it for the good. I think in a way he speaks of sexual transmutation. 
In Plato's the Republic, there is also some brief mention of this where Socrates describes the motivations of the intellectual and philosopher as a desire which could be described as a sexual desire, that it is so basic and fundamental of a desire which drives the search for the Good in those intellectuals, such as Socrates. However, this may be an unrelated, I'm not sure. 
I didn't know there was a formal story that expressed the way I've always appreciated beauty. Interesting video. Is there further reading on Diotima's Ladder (or similar conceptualizations of beauty) beyond Plato's Symposium?
It's inherent in tantric scripture that sex can lead to the transmundane. 
Well I guess I am not righteous anymore. Take that Catholic church. 
Not sure if lust is an accurate description of the bottom rung as the appreciation of beauty can be very platonic, thus completely devoid of lust. It is an interesting take though and I could easily imagine adding one more bottom step to start with: Appreciate your own beauty and yourself.
You could apply an introspective form of the Hegelian Dialectic to explain it. When we are young we tend to have unbridled and imprudent desires in general because we had yet to establish a strong sense of self (sexual desire is the latest biological impulse that we develop and because it revolves around aesthetic principles as well it is uniquely our own). As we learn that there are consequences to the experiences we put ourselves in and discover what it means to live well by our individually created definitions we become more prudent and start to zero in on what we want to be as our fully actualized selves and gain a sense of "wisdom" from this which manifests in the form of righteousness. Who knows...
Anybody have a direct link to the video? I can't seem to load it in browser on mobile.
I read this in foghorn leghorns voice
Pretty sure that Socrates was only referencing Diotimas' theory. Not actually arguing for the theory himself. I would have to read Symposium again to recall correctly the exact context in which he was making this reference. But it sound like a theory he would support.
Desire in moderation. 
[removed]
Socrates believed in something that was preordained into his and all of our minds. Everyone fucks, and wants to fuck. unless you're some introverted weirdo that gets off on not getting off.
Really? I read Symposium  in college and really found myself disagreeing with everything they said, including this. I don't think the idea that "lust" is connected at all to "morality" really shows itself much in modern times, especially when we have moved away from  the general consensus that man was created by a higher power rather than just being another animal. I honestly think this notion was true at the time, but nonsense now.
Aren't most people at step 2? other than the religious arguments, I don't see how humans repress desire or aren't moving up the ladder. 
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
>How is it possible for us to just see the things in our physical environment if these things often appear different than they are?

Simple. We have circuits in our brains that take the sense data and run it through algorithms until we perceive the actual form of the physical thing. Best part? We can affect the circuits either consciously or though Neural Darwinism to percieve the physical object wirh more and more objectivity.
**Summary:**
In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, Dr. [Eugen Fischer](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/eugen-fischer) (University of East Anglia) presents the ‘argument from illusion’. This argument appears to refute our common-sense conception of perception (seeing, hearing, etc.). Together with parallel arguments, it raises the problem of perception that has been a lynch-pin of Western philosophy, since the mid-18th century.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi
It stopped just as it started getting interesting. But that's just how I saw it.
Wasn't this discussed by Descartes in the second meditation? When he talks about the melting candle? And he concludes that it is not because of his ability to imagine all the possible shape that the candle might take but instead is something innate in his connotative capacities that tells him it is the same candle even if doesn't look like the candle he knew (had seen). a priori ? What is the problem exactly?﻿
The problem here is the jump from 'this thing looks different when I put it in water' to 'this thing must not be real' or 'we don't see the real thing we see its image/sense-datum'. Only via appeals to spookiness does this follow.

This notion that we are 'cut off' from the object says too much. Experience is mediated says enough.

If I put a photoshop filter over a picture, I don't proclaim "Oh I must not really see the real picture, but only the filter."

We do directly perceive objects, though they are mediated. We do not only see sense data, there is no matrix, no simulation. Thanks.

I believe if an automated car was to crash, you should hold the software designer/engineer accountable. They proposed the software and stated it was safe to use (assuming everything else with the car, e.g. electronics were fully functional). They were clearly wrong. 
[deleted]
There'll certainly be non-biological forms of information processing systems that exhibit activity that we'd recognize on some measure as 'consciousness' in the not too distant future.

But we shouldn't make the mistake of classing them all as one type of consciousness, anymore than we should make the mistake of classing biological information processing systems... as one type of consciousness.

We need to evolved our understanding and science of consciousness, difficult as it may be, for us to better understand what it's like to be one of those advanced non-biological systems, in order to figure out the appropriate rights to assign them.

And we're currently very far from such an outcome!
Ooh; Two different questions...is it possible? And if it is, what rights need exist, if any?

I would go further and say...it is not artificial conciousness alone that we seek; but a *moral* artificial conciousness.  Nobody wants a t-1000 terminator stomping around stealing our girlfriends and killing our puppies.

The question of rights may be bound by conciousness constraints...are rights a requirement for moral conciousness? Is it possible for a moral conciousness to exist without rights?  I feel like this is a decidable question--one that can be solved in advance of artificial conciousness itself.

*as to...is it possible?* For silicon to work, our brains must be deterministic.  Have we proven that to be true?  Or...could we be non-deterministic infinite automatons trying to express conciousness in deterministic, finite tools--and does such a conversion even exist?  We know in the finite world it does.  But in the world of the infinite?
Not at all.

I am asking

Will such machine also come with emotions and emotional responses. 

Is that aspect possible 

And where do emotions stem from

Such as 
Anger
Love

Or even intuition 
If there is such a metaphysical thing.
Why is the term artificial used? We're natural and we made it is just another iteration of natural. I think AI is anthropomorphized as a monster out of fear that we're aware of how weak and tenuous at best our own conciousness is and it would be easily surpassed by something less instinctively behaviorally inclined.
Yes, it will be interesting to see what ethicists can make of cybernetic technology, assuming we still have ethicists when it happens. 

One issue that comes to mind is that, as minds merge with technology, we'll probably have to rethink cases where our current standards treat our minds and our technological devices differently. For example, if you think about the question of copyright, right now, our standards for minds and for technology are very different. If you play a song to me and I hear it, and it gets stuck in my head, that's fine; if I whistle a few bars of it to someone else sometimes, that's fine too. On the other hand, if I have my computer receive the song instead, and save it as a file that I can play for myself and share with others, many would say that I have stolen something and therefore done something wrong. So, the mind and the computer have very different standards. 

But now, what happens when the mind and the computer merge? Suppose that we develop a technique whereby an individual with an impaired memory can have a hard drive implanted in their head, which would take over the function of recording sense data, thoughts, and everything else, and of presenting that information to the rest of the individual's mind. Now when that person hears a song, they record it just as my computer does; they have, in their head, the same file that my computer creates. Are they to be forbidden from remembering the music that they hear, from getting a song "stuck in their head" playing over and over as happens for everyone else? That seems both discriminatory and horrifyingly invasive. Now what if people who had had such a surgery, either by need or electively (for the sake of having a better memory) also had wi-fi in their cybernetics, and could send files directly to one another, download files from or upload files to the internet, etc.-- would that justify imposing all of the "licensing" restrictions that our computer contents are subject to on the contents of their *minds*, or not?

Here's another wrinkle to this puzzle, one inspired by the idea of the [extended mind](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extended_cognition): if we think that it is ableist and invasive to place licensing restrictions on the contents of an implanted hard drive in someone's head, what should we say about people *now* who use *external* devices for the same purpose? How, if at all, does the question of *how good the device's interface is*-- since that's really all that the internal/external distinction amounts to-- get to be morally relevant? And if we think that non-discrimination forces us to allow, say, someone with Alzheimer's to record what they cannot remember, why should the rest of us have to rely on the vagaries of meat for the same purpose? 
>rinciple of Alternative
Possibilities (
PAP
)

TIL , interesting
Very interesting, thanks for the AMA
 I had some questions:

I extremely appreciated Carnap's language critics. For as much the remainder of the positivist positions are surpassed I'm not aware of critics or advancements in this field. What's your position and are there any newer "theories"?

---
Speaking of conspiracy theorists, I guess you are aware of some of the last [studies](http://arstechnica.com/science/2015/10/do-conspiracy-theorists-see-more-patterns-in-randomness-apparently-not/). How would you be able to cope with this.. Like behavior?

I mean, we all are used to "genuine" arguments usually structured to address right or wrong points inside a proposition (let's call this "data"), and calling out the speaker is most of times considered impolite, if not a fallacy. 

The aforementioned implicit psychologic bias (hoping I can explain) is very personal then and the only way to ~~spot~~ infer it, if any, is *a posteriori* after somebody advocated flat earth or chemtrails. 

Is there anybody that ever tackled this problematic?

---
You speak about anarchism and its problems. Is this more about "perfecting" it, or in a negative "destructing" way?

Thanks. 
I took Epistemology with Prof Pynn in 2008. Those were some prebeard times... Now 8 years later I see him on Reddit. The world is a weird place. 

Have you discovered whether or not we're just body-less brains in vats yet? 

Honestly, if our brains just deal in electrical impulses from the outside world, it really wouldn't matter what was providing them, after all...
I am quite interested on testimonial injustice concept because it seems to be everywhere! 

My question is regarding this topic.  Can we say that children suffer this testimonial injustice? Sometimes they just talk fantasies, but I've heard some children having really amazing ideas about something and getting immediately dismissed because of their ages, even if what they said made a lot of sense. 
Thank you Prof. Pynn for this AMA!

Recent work in philosophy of language has centered around pejorative language, where most theorists tend to agree that slurs, in particular, communicate derogatory content.

My question is this: Do you think there is significant similarity between the derogation present in slurring and the degradation present in instances of testimonial injustice? 
Very exciting stuff! Also, great write up and information thank you for taking what I'm guessing was an extensive amount of time to introduce these ideas and summarize them in a clear and concise way. Excited to see where this AMA goes. 
I have removed all comments that don't cite the content of the OP but instead riffs on the title. We will continue to do so to prevent this thread from degenerating further.
I'm not sure I buy the implicit connection made by the title/article. Its unclear from the article why I should essentially connect Heidegger's anti-Semitism with his overall philosophical thought (anyone who wants to shed light on that, please do). 

The author seems to make it clear that to understand Heidegger's anti-Semitism is to begin to think against him, as though we can't think *with* him without thinking anti-Semitic(ally). 

Why can't I leave the anti-Semitic bad and take the phenomenological/existentialist/commentary-on-technology good?   
[removed]
"for some reason among philosophers and intellectuals there seems to be perpetual amnesia about this subject"

“It used to be argued that Heidegger was an unworldly man who briefly blundered into Nazism; this was the exculpatory argument made by Arendt in a radio address broadcast in Germany on his 8oth birthday. This account became unsustainable after the research of Farias and Ott demonstrated the depths of Heidegger’s involvement with Nazism, including his carrying out of the law that purged Jews from university teaching. Then Heidegger’s defenders tried to distinguish between his political activity, which may have been culpable, and his thought, which remained untainted. But Faye proved beyond a doubt that, in the first years of Hitler’s rule, Heidegger taught seminars in which he gave his most famous philosophical concepts and terms an explicitly Nazi resonance.”

This is contradictory. Outside of the actual argument of whether his philosophical thought is so intertwined with his being a Nazi that he cannot be taken seriously as a philosopher (which seems to be the stated goal at the end with the explicit call to “think against him”) the article goes back and forth about whether the problem is addressed at all. We went over it in quite a bit of detail in a basic intro to existentialism class and I’ve never gotten the impression from reading about him that the whole thing is somehow unacknowledged or swept under the rug. And if there is, going by the second quote, a traceable history of intellectuals addressing it it feels disingenuous to imply a willful ignorance because somehow people are unable to face the truth. People have grappled with it, and new sources may shed more light on the issue and previous arguments but I don’t see justification for the claim that the entire conversation needs to be shifted from something the author provides evidence isn’t even the case.

And there seem to be a lot of unfounded jumps like this that I think undermine the author’s argument. Ex:

“Being and Time was the first book of philosophy I had read that seemed to understand the human condition in the same way that literature did—less through abstract intellectual concepts than through the lived experience of mood. For Heidegger, existence—in German, Dasein—is grasped first and foremost not by the rational mind, but by the emotions that determine the very shape and texture of the world in which we live.”

This is a minor point but a good example of the issue. The author is discussing the allure of Heidegger (assumedly to later dispute its validity) as though defenders of his thought are taken in by the romance of his work. But there is a difference between understanding the world “through the lived experiences of mood” i.e. by conveying and evoking the moods themselves, and arguing, in deliberately coined abstract terms, that emotional, experiential understanding was how a being encounters the world. So later when the author says,

“In this way, Heidegger’s existentialism, his method of understanding the world not through concepts but through the lived experience of existence, leads to a particular ethical stance.” 

I think the two things are being conflated. Heidegger may have argued that we understand the world “through the lived experience of existence” but on a fundamental level, I don’t think his work was shying away from explaining that in an analytic, philosophical way. This leads into a discussion of how this then implies the “ethical stance” which then come from his not overtly ethical philosophy, but I don’t think any groundwork has been laid that actually starts with what he said. 

So the jumping off point can be that his philosophy doesn’t have a lot to explicitly say about ethics, which I don’t think is controversial, but the lead up of the article to this point comes off again as a disingenuous framing of academics/intellectuals who would defend his philosophy. 


Even starting from the low hanging point that his philosophy wasn’t concerned with ethics, the author says,

“It is precisely because life is meaningless, because it has no value or purpose imposed on it from above or outside, that the individual human being must endow it with meaning by deciding on an authentic existence”

which I think is a common enough existential theme that if an indictment is built from that stance it would call in quite a few more thinkers than just Heidegger. So the rest of that paragraph in which the authenticity and decision in the preceding statement are the basis for arguing that Heidegger’s thought leads to solipsistic moral relativism which has plenty of room for Nazism, would I think apply equally well to several other leading existentialists.

None of this is to say that he wasn’t anti-semitic or not a shitty guy, but the argument that his anti-semitism sprung inevitably from his philosophy itself (and so his philosophy must be discarded or even “thought against”) isn’t being effectively made. 

[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
It seems like the author of this article is cherry-picking, and hasn't really read much of the later Heidegger.  To cite Camus and Sartre -whom Heidegger called "trash"- as his "most important" readers seems like an awfully big stretch, since Sartre reintroduced the Cartesianism that Heidegger was trying to get rid of.  Also, it seems there are more examples of Heidegger spurning Nazi practices than there are affirmations of his commitment to the party.  [This Wikipedia page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_Heidegger_and_Nazism) has a lot of information that could be used in refuting this article.

I'm under the impression that Heidegger's opinions on these issues are a lot more complicated than what articles like this try to package.  In the History of Beyng, Heidegger gets very confrontational with Nazism, Communism, and the "peculiarity" of blaming the Jews for "planetary criminality".  He then states that the major planetary criminals of the modern age can be "counted on the fingers of one hand".  To me, this is meant to be Stalin and Hitler, whom he pretty consistently hammers in the pages leading up to this passage.  

Later in the volume, in the essay "Out of the History of Beyng", he is even more directly critical of the Soviet Union and "_______ socialism" (hint hint), and how their constant pursuit of power wipes out whatever legitimacy these regimes once possessed.  Given that these were lectures he was giving in 1939-41, and they drone on and on about the empty pursuit of power the Soviet Union and National Socialists are involved in, it sure appears that Heidegger was not encouraging fascism or the Nazi ideology. 

The antisemetic remarks cited in this article are more offhanded commentary than proof of a "deep involvement" with the Nazi ideology.  Do I think Heidegger lapsed into some pretty stupid and ugly moments of antisemitism?  Absolutely.  Do I think that Heidegger was "really a real Nazi"?  No, and I think articles like this  sensationalize information in trying to make that case.  He, like many of the people early on in the regime, foolishly aligned himself with the party, which is why he called it the "greatest stupidity" of his life. 

As for the fact that he never apologized, I've always been under the impression that he refused to apologize because he felt that expressions of power like the Holocaust were symptomatic of the modern age (a belief which Hannah Arendt shared), and that the western powers (particularly the United States) were just as likely to make the same mistakes.  I can't remember where I read that last part, but I remember it from somewhere.  

Also, he was a hugely egotistical asshole, which is probably the real reason he never apologized.
Almost every report in this sub currently comes from this thread, and almost none of the discussion makes any reference to the OP. Since useful discussion seems to have run its course, we've now locked this post. It'll remain up, but no more comments on it can be posted.
I feel like The Fountainhead or Atlas Shrugged is a lot like Siddhartha or Pirsig's Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance, in that it speaks most strongly to folks who are feeling really idealistic.

Usually, of course, that means teenagers.

Those books are all about pointing out the bullshit of life/human society, and proposing a way to live a more virtuous life.

Rand's books are the apologia for a self-interested and goal-driven way of life.  Siddhartha appeals to wanderers and folks who just want to 'experience the world'.  ZatAoMM speaks to people who find meaning in craft and creation, but who aren't ready to insist that the whole world be remade to fit their ideology.

These very dogmatic/simplistic and yet anti-establishment ideologies and stories speak strongly to us as idealistic teenagers, who have just started to identify the hypocrisy and general shortcomings of our elders/our inherited society.  At the same time, they lack the insight and restraint that comes with experiencing the shittiness of groupthink and culty shit and absolutism.

I think that all of those books are worth reading, and even getting into, while you are young.

However, I take it as a sign of intellectual immaturity if someone continues to flog any of these texts into adulthood.

They all (but particularly Rand's books) just don't allow for nuanced understanding.  With her absolute (and poorly supported) pronouncements -- particularly because of their reactive and emotionally prickly qualities, she appeals most to people who would prefer to BELIEVE that their beliefs are objective, rather than consider criticism of those beliefs or counterexamples.

I also find it personally distasteful that Objectivism can so blithely and confidently dismiss altruism and kindness as weak and misguided, while elevating selfishness and greed to positions of virtue.  There is a difference between an amoral philosophy, which could exist on an objective and practical foundation, and a twisted form of moral prescriptivism that promulgates greed and self-interest.  It's not very intellectually honest to pretend that one's beliefs are objective and impassively unemotional and driven by intellect, on the one had, while showing resentment, reactive antipathy and emotional cruelty to one's rivals, on the other.

Thanks for the post, OP.  Enjoyed it.
One of the points in this video echoes one of my chief complaints against Ayn Rand. OP says for all her talk of rationality Rand tends to use sentiment rather than argument to advance her claims. I agree and would go further to say she abuses the conventions of fiction for her purposes, which may be consistent with her "philosophy" of self-interest but is not conducive to good philosophy. 

Fiction can be used to illustrate or dramatize philosophical argument (see Plato's dialogues,) but the argument should be left to speak for itself. Rand likes to conflate the ideas of her protagonists with their characters and story line. To the extent that she engenders sympathy for say, Howard Roark, she persuades uncritical readers that her ideas, as expressed through him are also right. The way she tells the story, people who give voice to her ideas are good and noble and, after much suffering, will ultimately be vindicated, whereas everyone else is a despicable, unscrupulous and unsympathetic person, who not only has wrong ideas but holds them for nefarious reasons, i.e. a bad guy. 

As far as I'm concerned, **that's cheating.** It makes for bad fiction and undermines rational debate.
Rand was just not well read in philosophy. 

Her ideas do make sense in the context of the American obsession with finding hacks to exceed ordinary human abilities, however. That tradition goes back to Benjamin Franklin's *Autobiography*. We see other examples of this in the 20th Century like General Semantics, Scientology and the 1960's drug culture. 

For example, Rand shows in *Atlas Shrugged* what I call "Operating Objectivists" who have seemingly superhuman powers that they can activate because they have the correct philosophical principles, as Rand understands them. Francisco d'Anconia independently invents differential equations when he was a child; Hank Rearden can design a new kind of bridge in his mind and perform mental arithmetic on the fly; and John Galt, a sexually inexperienced man in his 30's, masterfully handles his unexpected confrontation with his crush Dagny Taggart when she crashes her plane in Galt's Gulch.

Though the last part is just preposterous. Men learn how to deal with women through life experience, not from studying philosophy.

Interestingly enough, Rand puts a disclaimer about what her philosophy allegedly does in the mouth of the character Hugh Akston, the philosophy professor who taught Francisco, John and the "pirate" character Ragnar:

>"Don't be astonished, Miss Taggart,"said Hugh Akston, smiling, "and don't make the mistake of thinking that these three pupils of mine are some sort of superhuman creatures. They're something much greater and more astounding than that: they're *normal men* - a thing the world has never seen - and their feat is that they have managed to survive as such. It does take an exceptional mind and a still more exceptional integrity to remain untouched by the brain-destroying influence of the world's doctrines, the accumulated evil of centuries - to remain *human*, since the human is the rational." 

But then what Rand shows conflicts with what she says. I can see why her philosophy tends to make its Kool-Aid drinkers depressed, anxious and hostile: They can't live up to its impossible standards. I have to wonder if men in antiquity who tried to live up to Stoicism's unreasonable standards suffered from similar problems. Stoicism, rather like Objectivism, teaches the absolute unity of virtue; and you are either absolutely virtuous or you are a fool, with no gradation between the two states. 
Ayn Rand is required reading in many public schools? I think I'm going to need a source for that.

Edit: I guess this does happen sometimes.
Back in college during a trip on spring break to West Virginia, I ran across someone who was reading a copy of Atlas Shrugged. It was worn and had colored bookmark tags all sticking out all over from it. It looked not too much unlike it was her own personal bible.  
  
Then I watched a young really sweet kid go over to this girl and invite her out on a kayaking I believe. She was fascinatingly irritated with his request. I mean zero to sixty, and hissed no, she wanted to just read her book. So, yeah that guy left all crestfallen.

Anyways I was amused at this scene so I wanted to learn more about this. So, I approached her (pretending to be either stoned or a moron) and said "hey whatcha doing?" to which she replied "Reading". I continued with "Oh... whatcha reading?" and got a curt "Atlas Shrugged." So, I went a little further with "What's that?"

She was obviously annoyed at this so she gave me a quick and dismissive answer like "The philosophy of Ayn Rand, it's is called objectivism, now can you please leave me alone."  
  
I just stood there for a moment and asked "Did you get to the part where everyone dies in the train crash in the mountain yet?" 

The look on her face was priceless. She was still trying to figure out if I read it when I asked her if she'd ever taken the 60 page John Galt monologue in one sitting or not. Then I said "Have you read the Fountainhead?" and she, still amazed, said yes. So I asked "Have you read Anthem?" and she said no. So I said "You don't need to, it's in the others."

She was so nice to me the rest of that trip.  
  
----  
  
Anyways, years later, I likely ever wouldn't do something like that, but am unsure what I would because it's been a very long time since I've run into an objectivist. I think a lot of young people are drawn to Rand's ideas when they would be better encouraged to embrace something like Jung's idea of individuation. That idea also encourages people to listen to themselves rather than societies' demands on them, which is understandably very important after being subjected to such an impersonal educational upbringing as we have today. However, it doesn't say you shouldn't bring your developed gifts back to society when that is appropriate, and very much can incorporate altruism.
  
As a story consultant, I also find it interesting how two dimensional Rand's character clusters are. There are literally no shape-shifters, as in someone who is on the heroic side who becomes a villain, or someone who begins a villain who redeems themselves. No room for characters like Snape, Gollum, Vader, etc.  
  
So her world is fascinatingly reminiscent of a two dimensional consciousness not unlike Don Quixote, an individual who fits everything into their own mythology. For Rand it seemed: there are creators or there are leeches and that's that. Of course, she did spend a lot of time in Los Angeles so it sort of makes sense someone who did a lot of time there might see things this way. (I'm teasing).  
  
To this day, I'm highly suspicious of any storyline which doesn't feature or hint at any trickster characters who question or overrule the seriousness of the entire quest, especially things which are made to be so utterly epic. But then again, Tom Bombadil is one of my favorite characters. 
The strongest argument against objectivism is right in the books themselves. I've only read the Fountainhead, but Roarke rapes a woman and blows up a building and is still somehow a hero in the end. It seems like "self interest" has to have a limit at some point, but apparently rape and terrorism are clearly within those limits. Maybe this is addressed more properly in other works of her, but it's a pretty tough part to get past in her philosophy. 
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
Love Thunk! He always gives a pretty level headed explanation of whatever his topic is. He's the only person I've seen *fairly* criticize Ayn Rand while giving her *some* credit. I don't even like Ayn Rand. 
Here's the problem I've always had with Objectivism: it uses the language of philosophy to disparage and attempt to invalidate philosophy.  For every question that some philosophical discipline attempts to explore, Objectivism has an answer, and it's invariably that the question is stupid and pointless.

* Metaphysics: None. If you can't deduce it from sensory evidence, it doesn't exist.
* Epistemology: Appearance.  If it appears something is true, and can be expressed, then it is.
* Theology: There is no God, and religion is a waste of time.
* Government: Extremely limited or none.  Power should lie in the hands of people who are already powerful.
* Ethics: self-interest

...and so on.

Philosophy exists for a reason - once we have mastered the art of survival and overcome the primordial state of humanity, we are left to ponder which ways are best to order our lives.  And naturally, someone had to originate a set of philosophical doctrines that says that the primordial state of humanity was, after all, the best way of ordering our lives.  It would be comical if it didn't entrap thousands of young readers annually
lol. 1064 upvotes on reddit, yet I only see 740 views on youtube.
People who feel strongly about one line of thinking often mock those who believe in a counter or somewhat opposed line of thinking. Voltaire hated Leibniz to the point of making Dr. Pangloss a caricature of Leibnitz's thoughts. 
Anyone else bothered by the line at the end that not many minorities or people with handicaps are fans of Ayn Rand? Is there any data backing that claim up? It seems more like a hunch based on biases regarding how certain classes of people should think rather than an observation of how they actually think.  
I read Atlas Shrugged because I viewed it as the opposite end of the political spectrum to my beliefs. I ultimately enjoyed it and felt like I learned a great deal from it. It forced me to consider my own biases and brought me closer to the middle. 

It's a worthwhile read even if you dislike Rand's personality (abrasive), approach (sometimes hypocritical and frankly nonobjective), and overarching philosophy. The story itself is interesting and still relevant today in my opinion. The fictional   consolidation of party power, increased regulations and nationalization of industry, and unabated corruption at the top leading to societal disaster is something worth considering. To me, it's a worst case scenario for the USA that could occur if checks and balances are lost and public continues to stop paying attention. 


Interesting. Nothing here really seems to argue against the central arguments of objectivism. Ayn Rand fails at being a "philosopher". She does not honor or adhere to rules of the craft. She has delusions of grandeur. She misrepresents other philospher's work. This is true. She ought to be criticized for this. 

BUT. As far as saying that altruism is not moral, that morality can be best understood through a lens of rational self interest. I don't see any substantive argument against that. And as someone who has always found the hivemind disdain towards her obviously rooted in political bias
 (Ie. You are all likely leftists) I would be more than willing to have that conversation now. 
The biggest problem I have with Rand, is that if I were to follow her philosophy, and I would actually look at economics, my rational self-interest would be to promote a utilitarian society based on liberal principles.

One of the most jarring things about Atlas Shrugged was the almost complete lack of any middle-class. It was either industrialist makers or their employee takers. When an individualist business owner intentionally scuttles his business to punish society, there's no one, anywhere, to pick up the slack. Shop machines are just left idle, no one offers to buy the equipment. Store shelves go empty and competitors just give up. Creative destruction, competition, substitution, and even basic supply/demand doesn't function in this world. 

Her philosophy on capitalism is based on an assumption that capitalism and liberalism doesn't actually work, and we need to either let everything be run by an incompetent government or a select cabal of unelected titans of industry. 

This actually seems anathema to her central idea of rational self-interest and personal liberty. If I'm a normal guy who votes, why would I vote for such an incompetent governemnt? I know she sets it up as the government buys votes with handouts, and that might actually work in petrostates, but most people are smart enough not to(hence we're still not a communist hellscape 60 years on). Her assumption, built into her work, is that actual people are too stupid to follow self-interest and can't be trusted with liberty
[removed]
I was surprised that this was actually a very thoughtful and level-headed critique of Rand. I'm no fan of Rand (and I'm also not an Objectivist), but much of the vitriol against her (and, more egregiously, against Objectivism by way of attacks against her) is pretty crappy (e.g. rests on caricatures of her ideas like "self-interest"; ironically, this is exactly the problem with Rand, which is that her criticism of other philosophers rests on poorly-thought-out caricatures of their ideas).

One key thing to take from this video, though, is it is more a critique of Rand's method of philosophy (and that practiced by many people who think she was a good philosopher) than the content of Rand's philosophy itself (the speaker admits as much when he says that Objectivism might contain in it some interesting ideas worth giving serious consideration). I don't think that mainline Objectivists (e.g. Leonard Peikoff) have done a very good job of trying to refine Objectivism since Rand's death, because they tend to parrot Rand unthinkingly, and this serves to preserve most of her mistakes.

On the other hand, there are serious philosophers who have developed tendencies of Rand's in ways that I do think are actually pretty interesting. A good example would be Douglas Rasmussen and Douglass Den Uyl (whose most noteworthy books are about using Aristotelian moral and political theory to justify a political philosophy of liberalism/libertarianism - there might be problems here, but I at least think it's an interesting project with a defensible foundation). However, Rasmussen and Den Uyl are not operating in the mainstream of Objectivism (Peikoff, ARI, etc.) - they criticize and appropriate some of Rand's ideas and leave behind others.
>Rand's books are the apologia for a self-interested and goal-driven way of life.

Quite the opposite, I would say Rand's books are why you *don't need to apologize* for living that way. 

I wish on Reddit there was more openness to actually discussing philosophical ideas then just bashing them. Ayn Rand in particular has suffered vastly because decades after her death she was adopted by the Tea Party, even though she disagrees with them on a litany of issues, namely religion, abortion, and military intervention. 

I think like most schools of thought, its inappropriate to simply ridicule it by saying it only appeals to idiots, teenagers, or people simply lacking insight. I've enjoyed Ayn Rand's books and I think they touch on a very sensitive topic, particularly in today's society; living for oneself instead of the benefit of others. 

This doesn't mean you should be a jerk to everyone, nor is it advocating treating other people poorly. Instead, the idea is that people should focus on things that genuinely improve their lives without worrying what other people think. If you read any of her books, the "villainous" characters are the ones who are obsessed other peoples thoughts or opinions. The "heroes" are the people who move ahead regardless of what society tells them to do. 

It seems like a very simple concept, but its often forgotten in a social media driven world where people are driven by facebook likes and retweets. Objectivisim isn't pushing for "greed" in a malicious way, it pushes for it in a way that urges people to be greedy for their own lives, and to make decision that are important to them and not others. "Live for yourself" is not a axiom for cruelty and greed, it's meant to inspire people to put their own self interests above the opinions of others.  

Unfortunately, these threads are often crowded with people who have never even bothered to read her books or understand her characters, but still feel comfortable dismissing them. 
Versus the OP's claim that Rand had only a distorted understanding of Kant, here are a couple of Ayn Rand's statements on Kant. She quotes him in the first one. Those who really know Kant's philosophy can judge her grasp of him accordingly:

>The arch-advocate of “duty” is Immanuel Kant; he went so much farther than other theorists that they seem innocently benevolent by comparison. “Duty,” he holds, is the only standard of virtue; but virtue is not its own reward: if a reward is involved, it is no longer virtue. The only moral motivation, he holds, is devotion to duty for duty’s sake; only an action motivated exclusively by such devotion is a moral action (i.e., an action performed without any concern for “inclination” [desire] or self-interest).

>>“It is a duty to preserve one’s life, and moreover everyone has a direct inclination to do so. But for that reason the often anxious care which most men take of it has no intrinsic worth, and the maxim of doing so has no moral import. They preserve their lives according to duty, but not from duty. But if adversities and hopeless sorrow completely take away the relish for life, if an unfortunate man, strong in soul, is indignant rather than despondent or dejected over his fate and wishes for death, and yet preserves his life without loving it and from neither inclination nor fear but from duty—then his maxim has a moral import” (Immanuel Kant, Foundations of the Metaphysics of Morals, ed. R. P. Wolff, New York, Bobbs-Merrill, 1969, pp. 16–17).

Ayn Rand understands that to deny your personal goals and personal happiness as your motivation, in order to be guided by sheer duty, is the height of *selflessness*--i.e. self-sacrifice, self-abnegation, self-destruction--in effect, suffering for suffering's sake.

>In a deontological [duty-centered] theory, all personal desires are banished from the realm of morality; a personal desire has no moral significance, be it a desire to create or a desire to kill. For example, if a man is not supporting his life from duty, such a morality makes no distinction between supporting it by honest labor or by robbery. If a man *wants* to be honest, he deserves no moral credit; as Kant would put it, such honesty is “praiseworthy,” but without “moral import.” Only a vicious represser, who feels a profound desire to lie, cheat and steal, but forces himself to act honestly for the sake of “duty,” would receive a recognition of moral worth from Kant and his ilk.

>This is the sort of theory that gives morality a bad name.

Ayn Rand's foremost student--a PhD in philosophy named Leonard Peikoff--wrote this:

>In theory, Kant states, a man deserves moral credit for an action done from duty, even if his inclinations also favor it—but only insofar as the latter are incidental and play no role in his motivation. But in practice, Kant maintains, whenever the two coincide no one can *know* that he has escaped the influence of inclination. For all practical purposes, therefore, a moral man must have no private stake in the outcome of his actions, no personal motive, no expectation of profit or gain of any kind.

>Even then, however, he cannot be sure that no fragment of desire is “secretly” moving him. The far clearer case, the one case in which a man can at least come close to knowing that he is moral, occurs when the man’s desires *clash* with his duty and he acts in defiance of his desires.

Is this not clear from the selection from Kant that Ayn Rand quoted above? Is there a quote from Kant that refutes it?

[[Source](http://aynrandlexicon.com/lexicon/kant,_immanuel.html)]
[removed]
[deleted]
[Yes at first I was excited about learning how to read...](https://youtu.be/_j56IiLqZ9U)
I thought I was a Republican until I discovered Ayn Rand. I've never read Atlas Shrugged or any of her more prominent works. I ran across *Philosophy: Who Needs It* by sheer chance, and it articulated what I already was. My best experiences of awakening have always been this way; discovering ideas which gave definition to hidden thoughts.

For me, Objectivism didn't signify a way of life or social or political goals. Despite being nothing like Rand as a person or personality, she sees the world in a specific way that I share. Leftists and rightists don't even try to be objective, whereas an Objectivist is someone who strives despite that they will fail (since objectivity is rendered almost moot given the archaic cognitive tools our species inherited).

I don't consider myself Randian any longer, nor an Objectivist. I was never one who advertised it. But there is an essence to that worldview that is what I am. I imagine many leftists who had a similar response with the works of Marx, and I know many of them have departed as strict adherents to his philosophies once they've exhausted the process of integrating the good into their own schema, and dispensing with the bad. That is the breakthrough moment for a critical thinker. 

People harp on the enemies of their own philosophy because they're afraid there's something to it.

I read Atlas Shrugged and don't get the hype. 2 dimensional  beautiful rich people up against ugly government caricatures all wrapped up with a masturbatory 30 page rant about taking your ball and going home. Individualism is one thing, but Rand seems to advocate a total lack of empathy and human decency in the name of profits. 
At my high school, we had a free reading session for the first 10 minutes of English class. I brought The Fountainhead and remember my teacher saw my book and started criticizing it before I had even gotten through the first chapter. As a teenager coming to terms with all the falsehoods in society, what really struck me about The Fountainhead wasn't so much the push for individual self-interest but the oppressiveness of conventional wisdom. It's been more than 10 years since I read the book but I always enjoyed it and appreciate it for opening my eyes and presenting a fresh and powerful philosophy to me at that early age.

You have to understand, at that time, we were force fed Shakespeare, maybe some F. Scott Fitzgerald, but never anything philosophical or critical of society. The only taste of philosophy I had up to that point was Plato's Republic which was the previous "free reading" book I brought. That was a snoozer. 

As I've gotten older, I've definitely had a philosophical shift towards collectivism while still recognizing validity in much of Rand's Objectivism. All the studied philosophers might crucify me here, but it seems like philosophy is mainly critiqued for its logical consistency. This seems to be a very "western approach" that focuses more on precision than on a general concepts and intuition. I get that approach but I also think it has its limitations. For example, despite the criticisms in the video, Rand's Objectivism is never really substantively addressed. Personally, I think there are many worthwhile concepts but a more interesting examination would be how they jive with actual human nature and larger society. 
I read Ayn Rand and got something out of it and the book's philosophy was percolating a bit, then I talked to someone about it and they pointed out that there is no place for children in her world, there would literally be no reason to have them or raise them. It snapped me out of any further interest in Ayn Rand
Loved the book when I was about 15 years old.  I thought I knew everything.  I thought I was one of the elite ones she was describing.  I was 15.  Then I moved on.
I wonder how many of you have read "[We the Living](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/We_the_Living)"?  If you want to understand Rand maybe you need to understand where she came from and what she was against.

>We the Living is the debut novel of the Russian American novelist Ayn Rand. It is a story of life in post-revolutionary Russia and was Rand's first statement against communism. Rand observes in the foreword that We the Living was the closest she would ever come to writing an autobiography...

>The story takes place from 1922 to 1925, in post-revolutionary Russia. Kira Argounova, the protagonist of the story, is the younger daughter of a bourgeois family.  ...  Kira's father had been the owner of a textile factory, which was seized and nationalized. Having given up all hopes of regaining their past possessions after the victories of the Red Army, the family returns to the city in search of livelihood. They find that their home has also been seized and converted to living quarters for several families.

Maybe she really did think that altruism was amoral, but I didn't get that from what I read.  I thought that forced altruism was what she was against.  After growing up in Russia and seeing first hand the Soviet communist revolution it seems rather normal to have such a strong reaction against government intervention into business and society.  As a philosophy her work may be shit, I never cared about that anyway.  As a statement against communism and the creeping of government in to aspects of business and private life I think Rand had a lot of things right.  Her novels were heavy handed and her dialogue, especially Galt's radio speech, was cringe worthy, but the ideas were interesting.

But hey, I could just be an immature teenager or something.
I've always figured it was bashed because it is straightforward, unindulgent, and judgmental. Much of philosophy is just virtue signalling and you can't accomplish that with such a lack of obscurantism. Plus, it isn't morally relativistic, which virtue signallers also ironically despise. I'm not saying I agree with it entirely but it sure is better than a lot of the shit people look awesome for name dropping these days. 
Flock of Seagulls rocked dude!
It has been my experience, as I have explored philosophy more deeply, that Rand is something of a "beginner's" guide to philosophical world views. Her works are not the only place to start, but they're a decent place among several other options. 

Note that this observation is not dependent on the beliefs Rand specifically espouses. Instead, it is dependent on their relative simplicity. A relatively simplistic philosophical worldview is fine -- we all have to start somewhere. The problem (again, in my experience) is that many people view her as the endpoint, rather than the starting point. 

As an analogy: there is nothing wrong with enjoying Charlotte's Web as your favorite book growing up. It's an excellent book to start understanding how story writing works and how unstated themes can be explored through this process. In fact, I'd even go so far as to say that this is *great.* But imagine if someone never got past Charlotte's Web, and concluded that this was the ultimate novel, the zenith of human story telling and thematic expression, that Charlotte's Web did not just begin the process of exploration but ended it. 

That's really how I feel about Ayn Rand. She's a perfectly fine place to start asking questions about the way the world works; but it's the starting point in asking questions, not the end. 
Rand bashing.
So just go for the OP pipe wrench build?
[removed]
Rand was a very smart yet extremely self-centered person who built an entire philosophy to explain away what she couldn't handle in herself and the world.

Most philosophers (western and eastern) throughout history have been doing this - the problem is she couldn't distinguish her own psychological issues from those that are truly universal.

Her philosophy was well received by general public because quite a lot of people in the modern era suffer from the same troubling issue - namely and mainly how to reconcile the fact that our mere existence and the existence of our modern institutes (nations, religions, governments, corporations, etc) inevitably causes suffering to other living things. A good example is support for Khmer Rouge by the west during the 70s - they have done atrocious crimes yet served a geo-political purpose that benefited people in the west, another example is support for terrible regimes in the middle-east just to secure energy supplies into Europe which otherwise would fall into Soviet hands, another example is modern slave labor used building our smart phones, and probably the best and most prevalent is the cruelty we exhibit to farm animals we use for our food - it's a terrible dissonance, especially for the younger souls.

Some become activists or vegan but for a really logic-oriented person accustomed to explain things with her big brain - like Rand - there is another option which is to make up stories that explain it away. 

That's what Rand did and took it to the extreme by saying that *everything* we do that's good for us personally will also somehow be good for society and the world. Which really doesn't make sense but she managed to make it appear logical and because it's self-serving a lot of people didn't really challenge her about it and just accepted it - it's a classic case of the Emperor's new clothes. 

All very logical - and also very wrong - not just because the logic is faulty (it is) but mainly because she failed to separate her own personal issues from her so called philosophy.
In other words it's mostly psychology and not philosophy - and that is a good reason to bash her ideas (the philosophy not the person) - Rand was a smart, proud yet almost totally devoid of self-consciousness and that is clearly reflected in her ideas.

Having read Atlas Shrugged & The Fountainhead 3 times each over the last decade, and most of the rest of her corpus, I find myself taking away less and less each time. From the ideal of an idea, which at first glance seems so bright, upon closer and repeated scrutiny, it has revealed itself to me to be a more and more surface-beauty, and inversely more brittle. At this point, the only take-away I hold onto is that she tried to create a complete philosophical product, but as for the content, I left that behind.
I'm only partially through the video and it seems interesting. But immediately I have to say. When you make statement like "capitalism *can* do some cool stuff" it sort of indicates maybe your beef with Rand doesn't really require an elaborate explanation. Anyone who is forced to begrudgingly accept the value of capitalism very clearly belongs to a tribe. And intellectual tribalism is the absolute death of free thought. 
[removed]
As one who read Atlas Shrugged, The Fountainhead, as well as Anthem. I enjoyed all of those books and will admit her ideology did appeal to me at that time in my life. The influence of her work even led me astray politically longer after in essence growing out of her philosophy.  

I feel this video made points I was unaware of as I stuck to only reading her fictional stories and I wondered why people bashed her so often. It was my belief at that time, it was her upbringing as a child in Russia and the experiences of America afterwards that made her extreme point of view a reality.

With all of this said, I am glad I read her book but don't mistake this as a badge of honor. Reading Ayn Rand is like explaining to someone how I got a scar, it wouldn't be a story of a warzone fighting for freedom or anything like that. But more likely, I cut myself accidentally while making dinner. 

So similar to cutting oneself on accident, I feel wiser for it. Not because she herself contained wisdom, however she offered me perspective. To see the world in a manner most cannot nor comprehend. I mean seriously the virtue of selfishness?! Our instinct is to scoff at such nonsense but even now when I take a step back, I'm impressed she expanded my world even if that world is false when facing reality. 

Of course the counter argument would be, who needs false prophets? Do we really want people spreading beliefs that perhaps we feel is a step backwards... of course not. I feel few can, its our instinct to fight it and preserve our world (usually with little to no question if we are in the wrong).

So to close up my point, would I recommend reading Ayn Rand to anyone....of course not. But I would recommend watching the movie The Fountainhead because I love a good back and white movie. Oh and it's worth seeing someones face when they see a man admit they are guilty and get off innocent. Only in Hollywood! 
[removed]
Compromise on right and wrong isn't a virtue, and the only way to see it as one is to subscribe to the idea of "moral relativism" and to deny the existence of moral absolutes. 
[removed]
I would like to know which public schools (assuming he is not talking about colleges) that requires Ayn Rand novels...
Given the fact that Rand was an outspoken anti-feminist, it's not likely that her views were attacked because she was a woman.  
I've never put any stock into moral relativism, some things are objectively immoral (rape, murder, the holocaust) and moral relativism could be used to justify anything.

Refusing to compromise on something objectively immoral is, of course, for lack of a better word "bad". That's why the discernment between the moral and the immoral is so important.
Ayn Rand said that Rachmaninoff's music was "objectively superior" to Beethoven's.
[removed]
I think Rands claims about altruism, kindness etc. Just haven't kept pace with our scientific picture of human nature.  The desire to defend and nurture people outside the immediate family is a deep psychological need - and being "nice" really did enable us to survive our hunter-gatherer past.


I think that people who espouse a tough/cold view of the world are especially vulnerable to criticism when they are wrong.  If you have discovered harsh truths, harshness is warranted - but when it turns out that your harshness is based on ignorance, I can't help but despise you.  


I think everyone who likes Rand should take a moment and watch some video of her.  She is visibly jammed with dexedrine, chainsmokes, speaks in nasty little bursts of wit, and scowls at everything that doesn't support her particular worldview.


Admire her if you'd like, but you do not want to be her. Get on youtube and see what you become when you direct all your energies into a narrow intellectual attack on the possibility of grace.  (Oh, and don't get too into cats.  She loved cats)


Edit - word repition in 1st oaragraph.  Sorry mobile





Did she right "Brave New World"? I know I could easily fond out by checking google but I loved that book and secretly wanted to start a discussion ;)
[removed]
I unashamedly live my life as objectivist as possible.
Basically because she is a household name and they aren't
[removed]
Collectivism vs individualism. Not an idea (collectivism) I'm personally on board with.
[removed]
[removed]
If trump and hitler had a baby she would be named Ayn Rand. She would rid the world of thought and freedom. 
Atlas Shrugged...Time I will never get back. People wearing dollar sign necklaces (really) convinced me it was a masterpiece, but even as a teenager I couldn't buy the message she was selling.
[removed]
It's because she doesn't offer any philosophical arguments, just novels with characters.


Wait, there actually had to be a post made on Reddit to explain what people with common sense already understand? 

Nice
[removed]
"La filosofia è scritta in questo grandissimo libro che continuamente ci sta aperto innanzi a gli occhi (io dico l'universo), ma non si può intendere se prima non s'impara a 
intender la lingua, e conoscer i caratteri, ne' quali è scritto. 
Egli è scritto in lingua matematica, e i caratteri son triangoli, cerchi, ed altre figure geometriche, senza i quali mezi è impossibile 
a intenderne umanamente parola"

Galileo Galilei - Il Saggiatore


Very interesting thanks for sharing. Its pretty miserable in the middle areas. The pull back to the lvl 1's is very strong. This makes me think about people who seek strongly self destructive paths of addiction or gambling. I wonder What level Dabrowski would feel that those people are on. They choose to disregard social norms yet they are often controlled by substance or other addiction. 
I'll quickly note that Singer seems to be using something analogous to utilitarianism in that it's looking at outcomes impersonally. An ethics based on empathy alone might recognize that it's harder to empathize with people you will never see and be more understanding if you don't address problems that are distant for you.

This analysis of Jesus' teachings on wealth and charity run quite contrary to popular Christian beliefs, at least in much of the US, wherein wealth is considered a sign of God's blessings. My father, when I was young, wanted me to read a sermon called _Acres of Diamonds_. When I finally got around to it, it turns out that it's mainly a defense of being rich as a Christian.

In this article, the author uses the terms _community_ and _neighbors_ frequently. This is perhaps an indication that it's okay to deal with your own neck of the woods first.

I also appreciate the point about endurance in charity. It echoes what I've heard some others say about their own work in the nonprofit sector. Even so, the author's recommended point of charity would be much closer to extreme altruism than occasional tithings, for those who can afford it.
I think the point that, if you're gonna follow Jesus religiously, you ought to give until giving more would be irresponsible is one Christian America really needs to hear. 
That was a good read. I agree with the notion that we should help others. I prefer to think it's having a balance between living and luxury, which touches on being a steward of what you own. I was once told that affluence in society does equate to some form of influence - and whether you give it all away, or gain influence to influence society to change, boils down to how steward what you own.
Nicely written.

There is a bit of an agricultural theme which may not be as relevant in urban circles.  The Jesus equation is not doing as well against the forces of corporatism and corresponding reductions in time.   When money goes up and time goes down, the poor are left out...
Good Article! 
>Distinguishing between humans and other animals is common in most cultures and is certainly central to Western intellectual and religious traditions, so the idea of a part-pig part-human is very unsettling to many people.

That's funny. I knew about these experiments but I never thought about them that way. I always thought of chimeras as their own distinct group, neither equal to humans nor animals. An engineered class of individuals created for our own benefit, their life being owed to our need for grown tissue and nothing more. At least they have a clear and defined purpose, though a tragic one. Personally I'd rather the treatments simply used stem cells on the patients that need them directly instead of  needing a middle organism. 
The last sections of the article talk about how if people begin to consider animal and humans as equals that we will treat other humans as we treat animals, but why would/could it not be the reverse and we treat animals as we treat humans? I expect this is the vegetarian/vegan/animalrights viewpoint (where the vegetarian/vegan is such because of animal rights). Disclaimer: I'm not a vegetarian or vegan.
I think simply stating "the eugenics movement believed this" (thus implying bad) is very sloppy. The eugenics movement had several problems (failing to respect autonomy, failing to be truthful, causing people to not be born, etc.) The issue becomes was "fiddling with DNA" one of eugenics crimes. 

It is certainly the case that the public at large often doesn't understand biology, much less what is and isn't possible by changing DNA, and as such, there would be issues of comprehension, informed consent, etc. I don't think muddling with DNA is inherently evil. 

I think an injection which increased human-life span by 5% would be a worthwhile invention. I think growing transplants can be done in an ethical way (and there are also unethical ways). Given that there exists so many ways in which playing with DNA is potentially amazing I think its a shame to put all that possibility in a box and call it dehumanizing and bad. I almost hate invoking this word, but biology has the potential to be trans-humanizing, to make us more than we currently are. Yes, there are a million and one ways it can go wrong, and we should be cautious and careful, but that doesn't mean that we shouldn't do it. 
You can't argue that time travel is logically consistent without correctly representing what time is.

If time travel were possible, one of three scenarios come to mind.  First of all, we travel back into time all the time without the need for technology, but it doesn't really matter because when "we" travel back in time, we have memories from back then, we are where we were back then, we make the same decisions as we did originally, and everything plays out the same. 

Also, what does it even mean to travel back in time? If you travel back in time, wouldn't the first thing that happens is you step out of the time machine and deactivate it? I mean, if time is moving backwards, why are you seeing a forward passing of time.  And that said, what does it even mean "time is moving backwards" That's like saying "Length is shortening"

Secondly, if we could travel back in time, there's a bunch of ways this violates causality.  I'll just start to use the video's own example.  In the example one "mundane" way that the protagonist failed to kill his grandpa is a dog barking at him.  However, in the past the dog didn't see him, therefore, it's a contradiction by his own definition.  Another one is that he missed, but the bullet would have collided somewhere, but it didn't collide with anything in the past, so, it was a contradiction.  Even being on top of the building, but he wasn't, so it contradicts the story.

In fact, anything where he travels back into the past is automatically a contradiction based on the author's own set of rules.  If he travels back into the past, then he would have had not been in that place in the past, but now he is, therefore it is a contradiction. 

Finally, the video assumes that there is a single timeline and that the universe is deterministic.  That unless you hop into a different universe, there is only one single timeline, and to modify something in the singular past of that universe, you modify the future of that singular universe.  But our universe is not deterministic, and there are countless bits of our universe that exist in no determinate state.  What if our universe doesn't consist of a single timeline, we have a particular state with an uncountable number of futures.  You're not jumping into a different universe, you're just a different future that had roots in the same past, and you're exploring a different branch of that.

I can't say that the original video is logically consistent.  Logically, the only consistent option for time travel that I see is option 1, and that is that when you travel back in time, you wouldn't have memory of it because you'd be back in the past before you actually traveled in time, and events would play out the similarly, but you would never know it happened. 
**Summary:**
In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Agustín Rayo](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/agustin-rayo) (MIT) explains the grandfather paradox, one of the classic paradoxes of time travel.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi

PS. We just hit 100k subscribers on YouTube! So if you've watched our videos before, thanks for your support!!
Time travel is not definitively ruled out by physics as I understand it. A correctly positioned wormhole, for example, could conceivably act as a conduit to a spacetime position that is in the same place but a different time. The problem is the world gets really weird for time travelers because we know there are some things they can not do, though we can't say why. **Physics does seem to rule out time travelers:**

**...having any affect on past events 1:** the past is immutable. You can't go back in time and kill Grandpa or Hitler. 

**...having any affect on past events 2:** You can not intercept any light with your eyes, sound waves with your ears or trace chemicals with your olfactory senses. You can not interfere with a single molecule necessary for determining a future state of the world. You can not cast a shadow.

**...communicating any information faster than the speed of light:** whatever manages to pass through the wormhole cannot carry information faster than it would take light to reach the same point in space.

So, while FTL travel is not ruled out, it is hard to conceive what difference such travel could make to humans
What evidence is there that time exists?
Wouldn't time travel be physically impossible due to entropy. Going back in time would decrease local entropy which would violate the second law of thermodynamics.
**favouritism**, ˈfeɪv(ə)rɪtɪz(ə)m, noun:
The practice of giving unfair preferential treatment to one person or group at the expense of another.

Favoritism is by definition bad (=unfair). But the article ignores the actual definition of favoritism and gives it a new one:

>Favoritism – giving more than an even break to your own kind,

where "your own kind" means:

>the people who look out for you, who have your back, who share your history, who stand for the same things you do. Why would you not prefer them to strangers?

Now favoritism is fair, since your own kind *deserve* to be favored! Shockingly, when you change the definition of a word, you also change how they will be employed - whether they're considered bad or good, and whatnot.

This is not philosophy, this is wordplay and a waste of time.
This single-standard standard - employ a calculus of merit rather than a calculus of consanguinity - asks you to regard ideological/political differences as articles of clothing; they are cosmetic rather than essential; the person is what he is apart from them and it is the person, rather than the accidents of birth or belief or nationality, who merits your respect.

>Favoritism - giving more than an even break to your own kind - is not a distortion of judgment, but the basis of judgment.
I've sat through Searle's lectures  too and I'm pretty sure he wouldn't say that consciousness has downward causation.  Searle would say that consciousness has causation on the level of human beings acting.  Not at the level of chemicals and electrons bouncing around in the brain.  

Kind of like how economics and the laws of supply and demand have causal power at the level of goods leaving store shelves.  Not at the level of the gluons and quarks that make up those goods.  You can account for the goods disappearing from store shelves by describing it at the level of economics...or by describing it at the level of quarks emitting gluons back and forth.  This doesn't make economics 'epiphenomenal'.  Or that the laws of supply and demand have traction is an illusion.
It always amazes me that there are people who will argue that p-zombies are conceivable but that actual zombies (which is to say, people who seem to be identical to humans physically but are not alive) are not.
Every time I read what people have to say about consciousness it feels like I am watching them masterbate. 

I am not a philosopher, but I have spent my life worrying about consciousness. I have nothing profound to say, I am just simply in awe.
Give me a TLDR 
CANADA CANADA CANADA

Though, as I've seen a few people comment elsewhere: it seems a bit strange to award a million dollar cash prize to someone at the end of their career. There's an argument to be made that this kind of thing is better served to give fuel to the work of someone who's already significant in some way, but could still potentially make even greater future contributions, like the Macarthur genius grant seems to be used for.
Can anyone explain why he might deserve this? Is he the most influential philosopher alive today? 
Part of me thinks the Berggruen Institute is try to by it's way to legitimacy and viability. Their facebook posts are a joke, for instance. No legit organization would allow them. 
This is a pretty narrow view of the scientific method. Popper himself had moved on from narrow falsificationism later in his own career, if my memory serves me correctly. And not all scientific disciplines structure their inquiry around the construction and falsification of null hypotheses.

I personally prefer the broader definition of science proposed by David Deutsch, which is that science is, at bottom, the business of *explanation*. By this, Deutsch means it is an empirically-rooted epistemology (i.e. knowledge-producing enterprise) whose primary metric is parsimony.

More specifically, science is about producing maximally parsimonious (i.e. simple but comprehensive, or "elegant") *explanations* of observations. The *observation* component makes science empirical, but Deutsch goes to great length insisting that *explanation* is what is fundamental, not empiricism. 

[Edit: it's worth adding that Deutsch operationalizes a "good" explanation as one that cannot be easily varied. For example, if your explanation of where thunder comes from is "a god who lives in the sky", well, that can be easily varied to "a god who lives in my garden" etc., but the *actual* explanation can't vary much at all or it stops working].

It's a fascinating and compelling view of science, and well worth checking out.
What, not even a mention for Kuhn? In the end, even Popper didn't accept the naive falsificationism which this video puts forward.
I prefer the epistemologically anarchical musings of one Paul Feyerabend in his [Against Method](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Against_Method)
Except no discussion of Quine or Duhem.

I was a big advocate of falsification until I read their work, which to me is a complete takedown. 

Basically, for those who don't know, they argue:

>that it is impossible to test a scientific hypothesis in isolation, because an empirical test of the hypothesis requires one or more background assumptions 

For example, if you see a black swan, how do you know it's a black swan? And what exactly entails a black swan?  Is a swan covered in dirt that looks black, a black swan?  How do we know that our observation is accurate? etc.
It's important to understand that the "Scientific Method" that has become canonical in classrooms (at least American classrooms) does not capture the essence of science, but is the result of a historically contingent set of circumstances in early 20th-century America. John Rudolph's "Epistemology for the Masses" (History of Education Quarterly, Fall 2005) does a great job of explaining how the 5-step method rose to prominence and, despite strong criticism from scientists, survived to define science for millions of American students.
Yes, the 5-step method captures a cookbook approach that can be applied to some sciences, but methodologies in many sciences simply can't be captured with it. It creates a distorted view of what science is, and how it operates. I don't think it's coincidence that the two most controversial areas of science in America are climate change and evolution. These are not fields that can be studied effectively with the 5-step method, and I suspect that students don't have a sufficiently sophisticated understanding of scientific methodologies to approach these topics in a useful manner.
That's not really Hume's Problem of Induction...

The 'black swan problem' simply demonstrates that no general conclusion of an induction will be *certain*. Since an inductive argument is based on a finite set of empirical evidence, it is always possible that there is contradicting evidence somewhere. According to the Humean Problem of Induction, no induction has any justification, **whatsoever**. (Very briefly, the problem is that the only way to justify the uniformity of nature--that the future will be like the past was--is circular.) The point is that these are different problems. Everyone recognizes that inductive arguments can't support certain, universal conclusions. Hume's innovation was to claim that they don't offer *any* degree of support. Moreover, this is the problem to which Popper was responding. He responds not by resolving the problem of induction, but by saying that we needn't worry: science proceeds hypothetico-deductively. That is, we postulate hypotheses and deduce testable consequences from them (no induction necessary!).

Also lol at calling Hume a "mathematician." That guy did *not* like math.
Ya! Scientific Method!  

But one of our biggest problems is the way that popular culture and corporate interests view science.  People actually say that science shows that Glyphosate is safe!  Scientists are paid to show that Glyphosate is not harmful, and one would think that it wouldn't be too hard to come up with a counter-example.  Except that requires creating a measurement for harm that will prove the counter-example.

The easiest measurement that we have for harm is a simple toxicity study that starts with asking how much of a substance is required to kill half of a population.  What's much harder to measure is harm done over a significant period of time that takes into consideration a wide variety of interactions with all kinds of other active ingredients in our soils, our air, and our water.  And it's even harder to measure are the kinds of problems that come with monoculture.

So the rich and powerful (and some scientists) say we need 1 black swan example, where we can demonstrate that Glyphosate isn't safe.  And they set that bar for the counter-example really high.  Some scientists say that Glyphosate hasn't been proven to be harmful, and Monsanto says that Glyphosate is safe.

Eventually science will figure it out, but in the mean time ...

Ya! Scientific Method!

But watch out for rogue Scientists (and their benefactors).

[removed]
Well that is disappointing.  The top rated and gold stared comments in this sub are talking about the exact opposite of OP's post.  The OP literally said the original scientific method is a tried tested and true method of science.  In a world where certain medical disciplines do not even follow a basic scientific method yet are still legally allowed do diagnose and prescribe drugs, we really need to sit back down and NOT allow the scientific method to be flexible.  It evolved to accommodate a corrupt industry.  This is wrong.
[deleted]
I've been searching for a recent article that appeared on the front page a few days ago which outlines the abuse of the scientific method in academia. Didn't have much success finding the link. 

Just want to introduce a counter-argument that the scientific method may look great in theory but may not be so great or practiced accurately in practice.
There is the guy that comes and says
'This is how it works bla bla bla, very good explanation' but had discovered nothing and can't figure out some new stuff.
And there is the one that comes and says
'I don't know i will try this to see if it works'
Often fails, but discovers small things that all together  help science to evolve.
Is the world what we understand about the concepts we have of the world?
We learned this in 6th grade science and I still use it to this day. Mainly for simple things like what's cost-efficient, what's healthiest, and so on.
[removed]
For anyone interested in rationalism on the other hand, I recommend you to check out [Praxeology: The Austrian Method (by Hans-Hermann Hoppe) - Introduction to Austrian Economics, 6of11](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BojfG6fmYEU&list=PLDFA82051066933E9&index=7)

It's not so much on the "austrian methodology" (except at the end) but more on Popper, logical positivism and rationalism. He presents the actual rebuttal about halfway in, before that he shines some light on the implications of logical positivism and the intuitive faultiness in its epistemology
[removed]
Why wasnt/isnt the scientific method applied to climate change theory?
Morality isn't real. All actions are done in self interest of the individual or they are being manipulated by another individual.  Sometimes that self interest is #1 immediate gain, #2 its an indirect benefit, #3 its an investment in a mutually beneficial relationship.

A typical moral action is giving money to the poor. This is seen as an immediate loss so it seems moral. However, if too desperate the poor would turn violent and probably rob the wealthy.  So donating a little to the poor provides an indirect benefit by deterring violence and is actually in self interest of the wealthy. (#2)

A moral action may be helping your neighbor you dont know well with something. But youd rather just watch TV. Well we benefit when we have people that we can trust and we build it by seemingly do things for others that have an immediate loss.  As we build that trust with an "investment" we can benefit by having people to rely on in the future maybe when we are in desperate times. (#3)

Why act moral really means why do an action that doesn't provide immediate gain (#1)?  The reason is that it satisfies #2 or #3, but is still in our self interest. We subconsciously are doing all this cost benefit analysis by human nature. 


All we can do is observe the physical state of the world. We can draw scientific conclusions about what "is", but there is no way to objectively draw an "ought" conclusion. 
So his answer is essentially that it is unknowable? And that those who get lost in introspection or who entertain philosophical notions as such might at the very least find meaning in the ethical point of view? Not that we should expect more but I was expecting more. I suppose definitive arguments have never been a product nor a byproduct of philosophy. :/
I haven't read the paper, but I think the question of "Why *should* I act morally?" betrays a confusion about the concepts involved. Moral action is analytically the sort of action I should do. You should act morally because that is, at least in part, what it means for an action to be moral.

Now you might simply ask a different question: why think there is such a thing as moral and immoral behavior? But then all the standard reasons in favour of moral realism apply.
I think The Terninator movies, The Matrix,  and I-robot covered this. 
All of these arguments would also apply to humans. The brain is composed of neurons, you know.
>What this signifies in simplified terms is that once we build a computer that simulates the brain, why can we not say it is conscious, understands or has intentionality? 

Well, one possible approach would be to say a computer simulating the brain won't actually be capable of translating chinese.  Ie. that it's missing a neccessary element ("understanding"), and so won't actually **work** to accomplish the task.  Of course we could also say it's a p-zombie (rendering consciousness purely epiphenomenal) and *can* accomplish it but won't *really* understand, but the former is a possibility, and would be enough to say it's lacking understanding.  I'm not entirely sure exactly which position Searle thinks is the case (or maybe he's just hedging his bets by not committing). 

>It cannot be conscious, understand or has intentionality because all these words are defined with "things" not associated with a mechanical computer or programs

This seems to presuppose that the thing we are interpreting as "consciousness" intrinsically **is** something that can't be posessed by machines carrying out the same operations our brains to.  Are you sure this is not just a failure of imagination as to what is possible?

Eg. turning to the "can dolphins paint", you identify stuff like "having hands" as being neccessary - but that's simply not true: our notion of "painting" doesn't *intrinsically* require hands - a double amputee who holds the brush in his teeth is, I'd say, still painting.  Likewise you assume "a dolphin is under water", but that's clearly not true: dolphins are not 100% underwater all the time: they can be partially above water indefinitely.  Those factors seem to be all that are neccessary to let [dolphins paint](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/lithuania/1495710/Dolphin-paintings--the-latest-in-abstract-art.html).

Couldn't you then be just as wrong in your assumption that "computer's can't create conscious awareness"?  Just as painting doesn't require hands (though almost always involves them), it doesn't seem like our notion of consciousness intrinsically requires (meat) brains.  The notion seems to be more about the existance of something *experiencing* things - how do we know this is impossible for a computer?  I mean, consciousness seems to be something we understand *far* less than we do painting, but you were wrong about that - it seems a pretty strong claim to say there's no way computers can do it given how little we really know about what causes it.


> Now the same can be said about the computer that simulates the brain or mind. It cannot be conscious, understand or has intentionality because all these words are defined with "things" not associated with a mechanical computer or programs.

What makes you think the brain isn't itself a computer?
Speaking from my own perspective, as it is the only one I have ever known, the only form of consciousness that I can be sure of existing is my own.  For me to conclude that another human is conscious in the same way that I am simply on the basis of their behaviors requires a degree of epistemic dishonesty.  This same epistemic dishonesty is required in order to conclude that a computer is conscious.  Fundamentally, consciousnesses is self-awareness and unless I am able to transform into the computer itself, I will never be able to know if it is aware. 

I think the only rational means of judging whether or not a system is conscious is by comparing its behavior to the behavioral components of the only system that we can be sure is truly conscious, namely our own.
The Chinese room is considered one of the most refuted arguments in contemporary philosophy. Overall, it seems that the most sensible option is not to engage with it, but to just walk past it, ignore it, and move on to more serious problems. The same way you would treat a street preacher.

>you know this is not possible because there needs to be "hands" to hold a brush, there needs to be "air" to dry the painting, and a dolphin is under water. Thus we can say with relative ease that claiming a dolphin painted Mona Lisa is impossible because it cannot be done. 

I think you're not making enough of an imagination effort. Dolphins are capable of some dexterity with their beak, and [check this out](http://www.umc-int.com/services/paint-and-adhesives-application-underwater/). There's nothing stopping a dolphin from painting the Mona Lisa, save for artistic ability and an appreciation for high renaissance art. The same applies to consciousness and computers: sure, the computer can't do it exactly in the same way that a human does, but maybe it can do something that's equivalent in every meaningful sense.
So you are correct about the linguistic error issue, but not entirely in the right way.  The problem has to do with the meanings of understanding, knowing, consciousness etc all of which should probably be written sous rature, under erasure, as their signification is necessary to the conversation yet inadequate at the same time. Hell, we haven't even settled on a meaning of knowledge, thanks Gettier!

Hegel compared understanding to a table of contents. In this sense, computers definitely can and do understand. They run on logic and databases. Understanding does not furnish content, it merely connects content.

Often in school we are taught to and learn to understand, not to know. We even do it, yet do not know it.

Do you understand how to find the answer?

Yes. I turn to the back of the book.

In what year did the American Revolution begin?

1775

Yes that is correct. Do you understand why the revolution happened?

Because the British heavily taxed the colonies and denied them representation in parliament.

Yes. Do you know how the colonists felt about that?

Nope, not at all.

Now, we can infer based on the colonist's actions that they didn't enjoy the rule of King George, and because they won and we are taught to value democracy and resent royalty we believe the colonists were on the right side of justice. But we don't know how the colonists felt. We can understand they were angry and point to reasons why, but we can only know how they felt if we were there experiencing it or had similar experiences.

Here we start to develop a picture of how to better distinguish between understanding and knowledge.  Computers, books, all kinds of animals and people can understand. To understand, something just needs to return the proper x when given the proper y.

But knowledge seems intimately tied up with experience. You don't know something until you've experienced it yourself. And we wouldn't say that computers or rocks have experiences, thus neither would we say that computers can know.

No experience no knowledge. No knowledge no consciousness.


Read Tononi: Integrated information theory. 

http://www.scholarpedia.org/article/Integrated_information_theory#Identity:_an_experience_is_a_conceptual_structure_that_is_maximally_irreducible_intrinsically


It made things fall in to place for me. Since a huge bunch of transistors doing lots and lots of micro operations over time spans of Pico seconds have very low integrated information the system as a whole (computer based AI, even one that perfectly replicates the behavior of a human brain) lacks (or had extremely low levels of) consciousness. 

After reading and understanding this theory I also could much better grasp Dennet's compatibilist argument. 
Your mistake is assuming that consciousness is solely a human (anthropomorphic) attribute. Animals, including dolphins, have some degree of consciousness whereas it is generally believed that plants do not. If alien beings came to earth, began talking and interacting with us, we would have to presume that they have consciousness.   Consciousness can be defined as having "awareness of one's environment and one's own existence, sensations, and thoughts".  We know computers can beat humans at the games of Chess, Go, Jeopardy, etc..., but we want to know if the computer is aware of itself and its environment. Does the computer have a sense of satisfaction in winning the game?  At this time it does not seem that computers have developed much of this capability, but the term "consciousness" is a very acceptable language term as applied to the development of machine intelligence.   
I agree but for slightly different reasons. My reasons have always been the infinity of choice associated with reality. At any given time there are an infinite number of possibilities, consciousness is capable of assessing this and responding, where as to my knowledge computers are incapable due to limitations in mathematics. Because AI would strictly rely on mathematics, it can never have what we perceive as consciousness. 

Correct me if I'm wrong.
There are some pretty glaring issues with this argument.

First, consider the fact that we don't actually understand how the mind is actualized. If the brain is the thing that produces the mind, we don't know how. This means that your analogy fails. 

We know how Mona Lisa is produced and what kind of properties the dolphin lacks with which to do the same. We don't know how the mind is produced, so we don't know which properties the AI would have to lack.
Does he also not think that the basic linguistic errors and understanding behind them when we use terms like consciousness and being self aware, would not apply to an artificial intelligence in the way that we would imply it does. For example, an AI like Skynet from the Terminator movies, it wouldn't need to be able to consider decisions based on a similar thought pattern to ourselves, it might not be aware of its own processes and if it was how would it have the capacity to change them. If you created an AI that was an expert in assimilating information and calculating probability to predict the correct course of action to follow it's programmed directives, then gave it the access to the materials required to do so, then Terminator style scenarios could easily happen. It doesn't need to be evil, have a goal, hate the human race or even be aware of what it's doing, but being programmed incorrectly would manifest the same result. Then there is the basic linguistic argument on the definitions of things such as consciousness and self awareness, that Searle seems to assume would have to be human in nature to be classed as so. This is pretty closed minded, considering the effect of how the human mind is capable of assimilating information, calculating outcomes, changing the world around them and bring that product into the real world. If you tale away that basic definition, would the AI proposed do exactly the same thing in the end, manifesting a directive into reality? Who cares about the labels of the invisible when that is so? 
This isn't an argument, so apologies to the mods, but: <3, Tim Crane is my spirit animal.
The opening paragraphs:

>Many philosophers are impressed by the progress achieved by physical
sciences. This has had an especially deep effect on their ontological views: it
has made many of them physicalists. Physicalists believe that everything is
physical: more precisely, that all entities, properties, relations, and facts are
those which are studied by physics or other physical sciences. They may not
all agree with the spirit of Rutherford's quoted remark that 'there is physics;
and there is stamp-collecting',1
 but they all grant physical science a unique
ontological authority: the authority to tell us what there is.

>Physicalism is now almost orthodox in much philosophy, notably in
much recent philosophy of mind. But although often invoked, it is rarely
explicitly defined. It should be. The claim that everything is physical is not
as clear as it seems. In this paper, we examine a number of proposed
definitions of physicalism and reasons for being a physicalist. **We will
argue both that physicalism lacks a clear and credible definition, and that
in no non-vacuous interpretation is it true**.
[deleted]
>It is the work of the logician to penetrate through the arbitrary order of experience and see into the necessary logical conceptual relations and developments as a specific systematic and unitary organic whole.

How did you come to this conclusion? Hegel specifically argues against corporatism, as does Gabriel, who you also cite, even in, as you specified, the context of the *Logic*, not empirical objects in general. The problem of experience for Hegel is not how to deduce unity from the appearance of arbitrariness, but the opposite: how to isolate and reduce organic experience in all its richness to singular categories.

This is of course related to the status of appearance: logical elements which seem to reveal an underlying essence in truth retroactively generate the essence (appearance *is* essence insofar as appearance generates the illusion of underlying essence); I'm probably unintentionally quoting Gabriel here, who spends a lot of time on this topic.

Hence, rather than "completion" it's more accurate to term the Hegelian Absolute "incompletion." The Absolute is the completion or concluding moment of Hegel's system, but the result is necessarily and constitutively a *failure*. The Spirit that knows itself completely knows its constitutive incompleteness; Absolute knowing includes its own ignorance. Insofar as

>from the Absolute standpoint all other things are relative and are objectively inferior, false, or incomplete in kind by failing to live up to the Absolute’s complete self-determination,

the Absolute itself is likewise false, incomplete, failed. The Absolute contains its point non-closure.
**Summary:**
In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Geoff Pynn](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/geoff-pynn) (Northern Illinois University) follows up on his introduction to critical thinking by exploring how abductive arguments give us reason to believe their conclusions. Good abductive arguments don't guarantee their conclusions, but give us very good reasons to believe their conclusions. This sort of inference is called "inference to the best explanation."

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi
So, it's almost as if a small select group of people who have control of the information can show only the parts of the story they want you to hear and let you infer the rest as an abductive argument.  Almost like they are abducting (hijacking) the flow of the narrative.

If only this could be applied to American politics...somehow.
The abstract of the article:

> Broadly speaking there are two kinds of theories of truth, philosophical and
logical. The philosophical theories of truth go back to the Greeks and forward
to the present day. Among these are the correspondence, coherentist, prag-
matist, deflationary and primitivist theories of truth. Logical theories of truth
are roughly of two kinds, semantical (or definitional) and axiomatic. Tarski
inaugurated semantical theories in the mid 1930s with his definition of truth
for a logically circumscribed language within a metalanguage for it, i.e. in a
typed setting in order to avoid inconsistency. However, the ordinary use of
truth in natural language is untyped, and so beginning in the 1960s, attempts
were made to obtain useful consistent untyped semantical theories by giving
up some of Tarski’s basic assumptions. One of the most successful was due
to Kripke in 1975, who defined a notion of truth for an untyped three-valued
language. My axiomatization of Kripke’s model a few years later inaugurated
a considerable body of work on a variety of axiomatic theories that continues
to be actively pursued. In this paper general considerations are presented as
to why one should axiomatize theories of truth and what criteria should be
applied to them. These are then illustrated with three examples from my own
work as to how one might try to go about meeting these criteria.

Wow, thanks for posting this. I hadn't seen it and it's tremendously exciting work. Feferman's axiomatic theory of truth, [KF](http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/truth-axiomatic/#4.4), has been so influential on so many people working on truth today. 

I just saw right now in looking up that link that he just died in July. [Obit](https://www.illc.uva.nl/LogicList/newsitem.php?id=7645). What a loss that is. I'll raise a glass to him tonight.
This really spoke to me. That existence is first meaningless is such an absurd thing to imagine. The absurdity of it is so mind-boggling that one almost forgets that having no reason to live is not a reason to die. If anything, life not having a purpose is what makes it worth experiencing. The intro to the movie Rubber I think sums this whole idea up perfectly. 

https://youtu.be/t1WSD_cnRbA
Thank-you for the read, I have never heard of Camus.

This post sitting here this morning is an example of truly perfect timing.

Camus was utterly brilliant. The issue however is that he asks us to ACCEPT the absurd, which many cannot do. Logic is only so strong. Since you cannot say for sure there is no meaning, Camus' philosophical journey comes to a standstill. If I cannot accept meaninglessness, then I will forever be searching for meaning. At the same time, if I cannot accept meaning, then I must find a way to live. We have to have a certain understanding to survive, this is the objective truth which Camus implies again and again. 

The question for the average human becomes 'whether or not there is meaning, can I find the will to live'? If I accept absurdity, I will create my own meaning in life. If I accept rational intention or purposefulness outside my subjective experience, then I must understand it to do my job or purpose in the first place. 

This battling suicide is really an ideological battle that forces a certain understanding. That understanding will either provide us with the will to experience and revolt with passion, the ability to love and give, or will provide us with the motivation to die and thus no longer experience life. 

What is your rock, and is it worth living to experience that rock? It's up to the individual to decide.
> For those who find life hard to bear — or perhaps for all of us when we find life hard to bear — Camus is an odd but wonderful companion, entirely empathizing with our despair, yet cheering us on to live and even see a happiness in our struggle.

I reviled Camus as a simple-minded elitist when I first read him. It struck me as unsympathetic and out of touch to think that Sisyphus could find meaning in his task, and that maybe Camus' ability to see it that way was a failure to empathize with people who have real lots in life (sarcastically contrasting the average working-class Sisyphus in my own mind with, say, a distinguished professor of philosophy who almost certainly enjoys a comparably more comfortable lifestyle). I thought the whole notion of the absurdity was sadistic to pitch as relevant when it's hard enough for the individual to find their place without being provoked to consider their niche on that level.

But this is a really beautiful treatment of the absurdity notion that gets Camus' sense of solidarity across like he most probably meant it. It's not about letting you run the rat race while I go off and wax philosophical about how it all gets better, already quite assured that my place in history is to be documented and appreciated - it's about how you and I both ultimately have reasons to hate this life and decide that we have no place in it, and how at the same time we have to go out and decide that that rat race is just a mundane facet of the much greater mosaics that are our lives. In the strictest sense, even the demigods run that race, because they die just the same, and they have no less right to fear its end than the rest of us mortals. Camus was championing, not pontificating, and I'm touched to finally be able to see it in that light.

Thanks for sharing this article, OP. It's really fulfilling to be able to have your mind changed in that radical and exciting fashion.

**EDIT:** replaced an ambiguous pronoun with "Camus'."
wow....... that was amazing and so concisely explains Camus' entire book. It was a beautiful read and a reminder of why I gravitated to Camus in my 20s. It's been a constant endeavor to see the absurdity and a struggle to be happy "in spite of" so to speak...

beautifully written and thank you OP for posting it.
This was fantastic! I wrote something very similar for Philosophy Now last month and I'm pleased how much it dovetailed with this.

https://philosophynow.org/issues/115/The_Absurd_Heroics_of_Monsieur_Meursault
I just want to say thank you for posting this. It was an amazing read that really moved me, and I'm really glad to have found the On Being website and podcast
I loved this. Thanks for sharing
Camus is a powerful and captivating writer who taps into a very essential part of us all. I would like to point out though that Camus really was an existentialist, despite denying it (and Sartre doing the same). Camus wanted to be appreciated as a writer, or rather an artist, who didn't have dry philosophical propositions in his work (like a typical philosopher). In other words, I am suggesting that he just didn't want to be understood as an ideological icon writing under the guise of fiction and colourful essays. He probably wanted his work to be appreciated *in-itself*, as many great artists do. With that being said, reading "The Plague", or "The Myth of Sisyphus", it's easy to recognize that he was a keen contributor to the existentialist movement. Just because he didn't write more cut and dry philosophy like Sartre and Beauvoir, doesn't mean he wasn't tackling philosophical concepts and all the while making proposals.
Man should want to live, at least out of curiosity.
I've accepted that life has no meaning for me yet I've never contemplated suicide. It just seemed natural that the only course of action was to live. My time long or short should be filled with rich experience, good or bad. The purpose is to live, and if I never have shared those experiences with anyone than I'll cherish them even more because they are unique and they are mine, never to be repeated again. I find comfort in that logic.
Did you ever hear the story of Icarus, who continually rolled the ball up the hill? But when he got too close, the ball melted in the heat of the Sun. You're all like Icarus.
<3 Camus.

But just to be a pedant, he wasn't an existentialist.
Thanks for posting this it reminds me of being young 
What a very open way to think about life. This was such a wonderful read, thank you. 
I read this article several days ago and I found it very timely, especially given the recent reports about climate change- I reacted pretty badly to what seems to be guaranteed global disaster (or one can argue an increase in global disasters). It's been hard for me to convince myself that choosing to live is valid. But I found comfort and a little freedom to keep pushing forward after reading this, even though I don't feel as hopeful about this world as I used to be.
This is an amazing read. Thank you.
I found the article a very good read and it opens up Camus quite well without having to read the whole of any of his works.

However, I would like to point out two things:

1.  The Absurd for Camus was "The paradox between our impulse to ask ultimate questions and the impossibility of achieving any adequate answer". He doesn't state that life is meaningless, but that it is futile, absurd, to search for an answer. 
2. Revolt for Camus is not based around death, it is based around accepting the absurdity of life (as stated previously), and living in spite of it. This is why he states that each day is a struggle for the absurd man, living with a constant sense of existential angst.

[This](http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/camus/) has some good further information on Camus.
Never have found a reason to live. I struggled with depression (LPT Running and working out a ton helps a ton), but that was much less so why I wanted to die. Even in my happiest times I wanted to die for the intellectual lack of value in it. The simplest form is to inquire "what happens around me after I die?". The reality is that the effects of death on others wears off. The thing that keeps me alive is religion and a big family. I couldn't do that to my 5 nephews and niece. They would never understand. It is so odd to me that anyone would want to live.
staring at the sea; staring at the sand
Thank you for this ,it was what I needed to read and understand at this time in my life .
I highly reccommend *The Meursault Investigation* by Kamel Daoud. It is a fantastic response to the works of Camus by a man who has spent most of his life in Algeria "living in Camus' shadow." In my B.A. I read almost everything Camus has written, except some of his unfinished works, and this books ranks up their with the best of them, especially for it's artistry.

Note: I would only read this book after having read *The Stranger*, *The Fall*, *The Plague*, and having a familiarity with *The Myth of Sysiphus.*
Well... that was awesome
This train of thought has never really meshed well with me as it seems to only apply to an
existential crisis brought about by the thought that life may have no meaning. I however,
do not particularly like existence and view it as curse/burden that I wanted no part of, yet
I am here through someone else's bullshit decision. My discontent still applies even if there was 
an objective meaning to life.
but maybe it's not you choosing life but life choosing you man mind blown
Oh man, it has been a while since I read the myth of Sisyphus, but that shit stays with ya... I like his take on hope personally, though it can be kinda dark i guess... Don Juan is fucking hilarious though
It was actually a really good read. It reminded me of Kierkegaard "leveling" or "levelling", which is a form of Nihilism. I claim no knowledge of any philosophical concept presented here, for I'm no philosopher, but I definitely do enjoy to intelligently (intelligence as an equivalent to consciousness) choose the absurd over the logical. 

The world is absurd, but people aren't. Or so we fool ourselves to believe.

We struggle to embrace consciousness, we're afraid to succeed and recognize that as individuals we're mentally ill for "It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society." That might just be what's not working.

---

Levelling:  "at its maximum is like the stillness of death, where one can hear one's own heartbeat, a stillness like death, into which nothing can penetrate, in which everything sinks, powerless. One person can head a rebellion, but one person cannot head this levelling process, for that would make him a leader and he would avoid being levelled. Each individual can in his little circle participate in this levelling, but it is an abstract process, and levelling is abstraction conquering individuality.

— Søren Kierkegaard, The Present Age, translated by Alexander Dru with Foreword by Walter Kaufmann, 1962, pp. 51–53" 

Nihilism: "A nihilist is a man who judges of the world as it is that it ought not to be, and of the world as it ought to be that it does not exist. According to this view, our existence (action, suffering, willing, feeling) has no meaning: the pathos of 'in vain' is the nihilists' pathos — at the same time, as pathos, an inconsistency on the part of the nihilists.

— Friedrich Nietzsche, KSA 12:9 [60], taken from The Will to Power, section 585, translated by Walter Kaufmann"
Every time I take the time to read someone's writings on Camus' Absurdism, I hate him more and more. I dealt with depression for years and anyone that has been or is deep in depression would look at his "reason to live" and recognize how much of a BS answer that it is. Very few (so few that I might as well say no one) people who have thought of commuting suicide had ever thought "Yeah, I'm gonna do this to revolt against life." It's that you don't want to deal with the day to day anymore, and just saying that you should because apparently "life is absurd and worth living" is utter crap. I have not seen one person ever say that this thought process helped them through tough times.
cool dude, went through half of it really paying attention,  saved for later
As far as the myth itself goes...

Was Sysiphus CHOOSING to keep pushing the rock? According to wikipedia, in Ovid, Sisyphus rests from his labor for a moment upon hearing Orpheus' music making it seem like he had a choice.

But since this is a punishment, wasn't he under some kind of compulsion in the myth, like say hypnosis? or was he promised a reward for placing the rock up the hill?

The article also seems to say that Sisyphus is CHOOSING to live:

>Sisyphus perseveres and resists the lure of suicide

BUT he's actually in the Underworld. Under the terms of his condition, is suicide an option? Wiki is hazy on this since there's an impression that Sisyphus was imprisoned by Zeus without an actual death.

I know these are minor point compared to Camus' philosophy, but I have an interest in mythology and I'm trying to square the various constructions of the myth with Camus' view of accepting absurdity.
Excellently written article
Coming from a religious background where meaning and purpose were rigidly objective and set in stone by ancient men clinging to the construct of a deistic figure that we are to follow without question blindly, it was a constant struggle (an overwhelmingly stressful one) to strive for such unrealistic and narrow minded goals that were not of my own choosing or desire.  Realizing the ridiculousness of such a concept and breaking free was quite liberating.  Now I live toward my own goals and happiness realizing that there is no "right or wrong" way to live as such concepts of purpose, meaning, and value are arbitrary and subjective.  Intrinsically they do not exist.  As long as I am happy doing what I want then that is the "correct" way for me to live, damn what the rest of the world may think or say.

When I read The Stranger I oddly enough identified with the protagonist completely.  To quote an artist of a different stroke: "It's all a joke, a monstrous demented gag... so why arent you laughing?"
I like what he's got to say, however I'm curious about how somebody who believes in dualism would respond. 
I disagree with almost everything he said. I'm on mobile so I don't care to type it out. I will someday before I kill myself. Or I'll forget, it doesn't matter.
It is pretty simple actually, other species don't really go and off themselves.  Your species is self-torturing themselves to the point of suicide?  You're definitely over-thinking things then.  Not much philosophy can do about it, they are the worst offenders.
Fucking awesome. 
*The person who understands the absurdity of the human condition is strengthened by it. He or she still has to work unceasingly to bear up under the weight of being, but it is worth it. There is no higher destiny, Camus declares. The absurd man is the master of his days. When he gazes backward over his life, he contemplates that series of unrelated actions which becomes his fate, created by him, and like Sisyphus and his rock, the whole seemingly unreasonable effort turns out to have meaning, just because it constituted his life.*

Love the idea of our actions actively dictating our fate after looking back on time spent in this world. Maybe I'm too optimistic for this sub though.
[removed]
Fuck Camus, the universe is at most 14 billion years old. Leaving at least 200 trillion years of usable entropy. We're early yet. Camus was before we could get there. We can, the least of us, with cryonics, the rest, through the singularity. It always amuses me, modernist deathists, with how we're destined to cease, when we're at that point where we can live a fucking long time (assuming entropy applies). Does then the ashes apply?
What a load of nonsense I dare anyone who's even remotely thought about killing themselves or wants to kill themselves to do it

staying alive is easy dying is hard that's why 1 in 25 suicide attempts fail & an even greater amount think about it but never do it it's so hard for most to overcome their programming & most simply don't have it in them




In my opinion the defining of Marxism as simply a critique of Capitalism is way too simplistic a statement. Yes Marxism contains within it various critiques of Capitalism but to limit Marxism to only such a topic really doesn't do the depth of Marxist thought justice. 

Secondly, the conflation of Marxism, Critical Theory, and Deconstruction is a gross misunderstanding of the relationship of the three ideas. To claim Marxism is based in Critical Theory implies that Critical Theory came before Marxism where as in actuality the historical relationship of the two is the opposite. Also, not all Critical Theory is deconstructionist. Yes you have certain aspects of Critical Theory such as Queer Theory which has more or less embraced a deconstructionist form of analysis thanks to people like Butler and Sedgwick, but on the other hand you have critical theorists like Habermas who criticized Derrida and deconstruction. Not to mention the relationship between deconstruction and Marxism isn't exactly perfect either. 

Like just from the opening paragraph basically you offer a reductionist definition of Marxism and then mistakenly conflate Marxism with critical theory and deconstructionism which I feel is a dishonest engagement with basically all 3 of these concepts. 
>Pennsylvania in the seventeenth century was without a doubt the most free society in history.

Wait, why?  


mate. your first paragraph says where you're at. 

firstly I suggest you look at immanent critique, which is essentially about how you can get a different society without reverting to idealism (i.e. without just imaging or thinking such a society). 

and then look at Horkheimer's essay on *Traditional and Critical Theory* which is a basic and short exposition of what the critical theorists are attempting to do, and why they were attempting it *then* [i.e. why did "theory" need to be 're-thought'?]

the rest of what you said is either misnomers or statements in place of an argument
You do realize that Horkheimer was critical of the Bolsheviks, denounced the civil war  early and sided with Rosa Luxemburg? However most figureheads of the Frankfurt School drifted  into academic reformism. Lukács  may have never fully disassociated himself from Stalinism, but he was expelled   from the central committee for being an liquidationist  and  Karl Korsch from the KPD for critiquing the fatalist determinism of the Second International. I suggest reading Labriola  on  "crtical communism". Anyways when it comes to the " state capitalist" moniker that debate is best reserved for another subreddit pertaining to political economy and historiography of the USSR
'Critical theory' is a term with a much shorter history than Marxism. Please don't contribute to the widespread practice of confusing Marxism with critical theory, even if you mean to use 'critical theory' in a more general sense.
>The most oppressive state in history was without a doubt the Soviet Union,

Absurd. Really, that's all I can see with that statement. The Soviet Union was not good. However, to say it is "without a doubt" the worst is patently absurd. The is, at least, a conversation to be had there; there is in fact doubt.

>which Lenin himself called a state capitalist government, ultimately the the most centralized form of capital possible.

Lenin didn't particularly see this as an issue, considering he was the architect behind the New Economic Policy.

>How can an ideology that preaches equality transcend hierarchy? It cannot. Any system that forces equality has to do so through hierarchy and through force.

It is false to equate force and hierarchy. My go to example is the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising: were the Jews "re-creating" the hierarchy of races they tried to escape by using force against the Nazis? No.

Force is purely abstract unless talked about in context of something else. It can be in opposition to or in support of hierarchy.


Centralized power, means that there is a power deficit for those who are decentralized.  Completely decentralized power would seem to be chaotic since there would be no system for stability.  As for Marxism, I have never been a fan as I dont think it plays well with human nature itself.  We are competitive by nature and not very altruistic.  However, as we are seeing in our present world capitalism has massive pathways to corruption, by companies and the government.  Don't be to hard on yourself criticism is how we make ourselves better.
I totally agree that Marxism is parasitic on capitalism. 

And yes most critical theory cannot stand alone either. Stuff like queer theory, afropessimism, feminism seems hopelessly tied to a hierarchical society and aimless without existing contra to something else. 

Capitalism however, just keeps doing it's own thing for good or bad in the meantime, mostly unconcerned with whatever Zizek or Butler or countless others are writing.
[removed]
When God made the world, he originally intended air to be a scarce resource, until Hans Hermann Hoppe told him otherwise.﻿
Hey everyone! Just finished this paper for my medical ethics class. Please let me know what you think and how I can improve as a writer. I really appreciate any feedback you're all willing to give! 

Really interesting take on this, it's actually a very consequential realm of philosophy I love it! I just have one objection/question, you quoted John Stewart Mill in justifying the right to die by saying something to the tune of, "true freedom does not just mean freedom to make the right decision but also the wrong one." (I'm paraphrasing but I'm sure you know the quote.) If you apply this logic to the case of say a 20 year old kid who just got kicked out of college and is addicted to drugs and is totally hopeless and depressed, would you argue that he should be given the freedom to end his own life, considering that he's not in the most rational states of mind? If you say yes to that, would you answer the same to a similar scenario but replacing a 20 year old with a 15 year old? If no, at what point in life do human beings have the right to decide when they can end their lives and why at that point? (Excellent post by the way and I don't necessarily disagree with you, I just like thinking about these objections so I can refine and add nuance to my own position.) 
That's a very meaningful distinction you draw between the mentally and physically ill. However if you are depressed and it is demonstrably because of a difference in your brain chemistry, and you are going to kill yourself can it really be said to be of your own volition? Aren't you just as surely going to kill yourself on the refusal of treatment as you would be to die if you were terminally ill? To illustrate, take for example a criminal who is let off easier because he pleads insanity, you cannot hold somebody accountable or responsible for actions which their agency had little to now control over if you can help it. If you allow a mentally ill patient to commit suicide by way of refusing them treatment you are forcing them to be punished ultimately for reasons beyond their control. 

I pretty much agree that a doctor should be allowed to refuse to euthanize on the grounds that a doctor has autonomy, but if you extend that logic then it follows that a doctor should also be able to refuse treatment as well because forcing them to treat somebody would be a violation of their autonomy. But I would actually posit that when a doctor decides to become a doctor they take on a responsibility because not a lot of people can do that, and as such they must at times be forced to do things against their own free-will, as not doing them would ultimately cause more harm to the patient, and violate the patients freedom. How exactly do you draw a distinction between refusing treatment and refusing to euthanize? From the perspective of one who wishes to be euthanized, euthanization IS treatment. 

Sorry if it seems like I went all over the place, I kinda did and I mostly agree with you, just voicing the same criticisms with which I challenge my own view. 
No problem, make it as long as you want I love this kind of discussion, especially about such an interesting topic! 
If you would condense (maybe too much?) what mathematics is, it is reasoning about structures and relations between structures. Often we can model nature as these relations but there are mathematics that have very little or nothing to do with nature, we don't have to limit our selves to it.

Pure math is theory building were we can study things that intrest us. If you open any graduate textbook about model theory, algebraic geometry or large cardinals, you are going to few very few crosspoints with reality. 

Math is quantifying and cataloging logical structure. But logically possible structure (i.e. structure that does not contain a contradiction) extends far beyond what is physically realizable. So math cannot be grounded in physically realizable relationships. 
No one really posted a ~~good~~ summary of what's going on here, so here we go.

The author's doing some basic philosophy of mathematics here and asking: What is mathematics about? The first question: Is it about *something*?

---

They throw out nominalism for two reasons: mathematics has consequences in the real world and mathematics is a vast and broad field with lots of emergent complexity. 

Applicability is indeed one of the weapons that realists use against anti-realists - Quine-Putnam Indispensability and all that. The second reason is a bit less clear but it's pretty intuitive - we don't really have any examples of fictional rational structures that are as sprawling and detailed as mathematics.


They reject Platonism for two reasons as well: epistemic access, applicability. They note that it's unclear how abstract objects might be related to the world at all - leading to a problem of how we might come into contact with these things *and* how these things are related to the objects we see in the world.

How does a pile of balls connect to some abstract object in the world, and how does removing a ball reconnect that pile to a different object? It's weird.

---

And then, the author BRAVELY and INGENIOUSLY denies both these views!! They're going in a new direction!! 

They go back to applicability and note that the physical world is full of what we'd deem "mathematical properties" - there's symmetry, there's ratios. They make this rather dubious claim:

>Any digression into applied mathematics – rarely undertaken by philosophers of mathematics, who prefer the familiar ground of numbers and logic – will turn up, for the alert observer, many other quantitative and structural properties that are not themselves physical but can be realised in the physical world (and any other worlds there might be): flows, order relations, continuity and discreteness, alternation, linearity, feedback, network topology, and many others.

As if they're a brave explorer charting a new conceptual world (they're not, but it sounds better to say). Eh.

And then - Aristotelian realism! Mathematics is about studying kinds of physical properties in the world! Mathematical necessities are still mysterious:

>What is necessary is true in all possible worlds, but how can perception see into other possible worlds? The scholastics, the Aristotelian Catholic philosophers of the Middle Ages, were so impressed with the mind’s grasp of necessary truths as to conclude that the intellect was immaterial and immortal. If today’s naturalists do not wish to agree with that, there is a challenge for them. ‘Don’t tell me, show me’: build an artificial intelligence system that imitates genuine mathematical insight. There seem to be no promising plans on the drawing board.



---

But they stop short here. What about mathematics without physical instantiations? What about the metaphysical status of these properties? What about the actual practice of mathematics, done with pencils and papers and trashcans?

This has been posted here before, I'm pretty sure, because I remember having this same thought before: "Cool idea, but I don't find it particularly more convincing than the other ones." 

(His book is probably better for the details, of course. This is just borderline pop-philosophy.)
>Because Aristotelian realism insists on the realisability of mathematical properties in the world, it can give a straightforward account of how basic mathematical facts are known: by perception, the same as other simple facts

There are all sorts of mathematical properties that are not realizable in the physical world.  The transfinite numbers don't exist in the physical world.  We can construct higher dimensional geometries that have no physical instantiation. 


>So the Platonists were right to call attention to the ability of the human mind to grasp mathematical necessities; they just failed to notice that those necessities are often realised in this world.


Often, but not always. If the necessities are not necessarily tied to the physical world, then how can their foundation be the physical world?
*It seems as if pure mathematics reveals the topography of a region whose truths pre-existed investigation, even language.*
> When all the sciences and their subject matters are laid out, is there any aspect of reality left over for mathematics to be about? 

You have it wrong - all of the other sciences are really about understanding the mathematics of different things in the universe (biology - life, chemistry - molecules, cosmology - planets, etc) .  


More like physical relationships are grounded in mathematics. 
Can't the axioms for the integers simply be viewed as a mathematical model of a certain aspect of the physical world?

You could imagine a strange universe where, if you put 1000 rocks in a barrel, then throw in a 1000 more, and then count all the rocks from scratch, you find that there are now not exactly 2000 rocks (maybe some of them simply disappeared, or some new rocks appeared out of thin air).  In such a universe, the integers would be less useful as a physical model.

I think this "mathematical model" viewpoint might clear up any confusion about what a number is and in what sense they actually exist or do not exist.
It seems more appropriate to say that the most fundamental physical relationships in the world (or more precisely, all the laws of nature) are grounded in mathematics.  Mathematics has logical priority over physics.
Before I even begin to read the article, I'm greeted with a quote that "Some philosophers don't think math exists".  

Some philosophers [do not comprehend or know what math is](http://i.imgur.com/ToTJU.png), apparently. 

If you can drive a car, you have to learn math. If a child makes a cake, they are using math. When you pay taxes you are doing math.  Seriously?

Architects and air traffic controllers use it to prevent collapse and collision, for instance. 
Why are people obsessed with finding an inherent higher meaning to math?
Here's what I've rarely seen addressed:

Math systems are only useful to the extent they share isomorphisms with reality. There are an infinite number of maths that are possible.

EDIT: Math systems are only useful *to science* to the extent they share isomorphisms with measurements. Of course any math system can be useful to understand other math systems. My point is that math comes after science to describe it, not before.

"1+1=2" can be read as "apple horse apple eats happy."  But that doesn't make sense in the real world, so we don't say that. You could build a perfectly good mathematical system.

Look at geometry. There isn't one geometry, unlike what Euclid thought. And indeed, many people thought there was only one, until they removed the axiom that seemed rather different from the others and tried to prove that axiom was a theorem. Then they discovered there's a whole bunch of geometries that are perfectly valid, and perfectly appropriate for different parts of fundamental physical relationships.

The same with Newton vs Plank vs Einstein. Each has mathematics that works in certain realms of the universe.

The reason math seems to be grounded in the behavior of the universe is that we make up different kinds of math until we find the one that's isomorphic to the universe. Then we don't teach the ones that don't work, and we ignore the ones that never even came close. 

And, to a large extent, we simplify lots of the descriptions of reality to match the math we have for it. How many college chemistry students could explain in terms of quantum mechanics why the periodic table is arranged as it is? We just don't teach that, because we say "that's how it is, and here's math that works if you accept that" without explaining *why* that abstraction of the QM works the way it does.

Anyone who has ever proved that 1+1=2 knows that the things you find with mathematical abstractions hold only a tenuous relationship to reality. Let alone proving something like "prime numbers cannot be arranged in a rectangle" using only formal manipulations.
no wonder i suck at relationships
As a mathematician, most comments in this thread make me want to throw up. 
> The scholastics, the Aristotelian Catholic philosophers of the Middle Ages, were so impressed with the mind’s grasp of necessary truths as to conclude that the intellect was immaterial and immortal. If today’s naturalists do not wish to agree with that, there is a challenge for them. ‘Don’t tell me, show me’: build an artificial intelligence system that imitates genuine mathematical insight. There seem to be no promising plans on the drawing board.

The thing is that, from the mathematician's perspective (and I'm talking about mathematicians from Ph. D.'s down to the five-year-old learning to understand a simpler "taller-than" relation), we often *do* approach it as sort of a game of semantics; we get perfectly well how to understand things as being true in virtue of their meaning, and that's more or less how we first start tackling necessary truths. Borrowing the analogy of the five-year-old again, it's easy to get that "Harry is taller than Brad" because either we get that 5 feet is greater than 4 feet (taking a simplified notion of numbers here and allowing the pre-schooler's version of something like "5 is the next number 'up' from 4"), or if we're comparing visually, we get that to be "taller" means that the top of Harry's head terminates at a point higher than Brad's when they stand on the same level plane. It *may* be fair to suggest that mathematical reality does not exist in a realm apart from ours, but this is *not* immediately why we are able to tackle it with what seems like unusually adept intuition.

As has been said in this thread already, though, this article really misses the fact that there are mathematical concepts that have no immediate basis in reality. Think even of those post-calculus "foundations of mathematics" courses where students are asked to construct their own basic axiomatic system and devise proofs of theorems easily derived from the axioms. Even if the concepts those students expose eventually *do* connect up to reality, that is hardly the first thing on the student's mind when they start constructing the basic setup, and the fact that we can still flesh out those systems without a need to consult those connections provides some initial support to the argument against Franklin here.

**EDIT:** markup fix.
Conventionally, maybe so. Ultimately, no. Ultimately there is no relationship. It is a unified field of interconnected unity. Relationship implies boundaries and separation. 
Only from our point of view of course...maths relies on the notion of individual parts...that only exists in our plane of observation...maths is the language we use to describe and correlate the way we like to seperate matter into length..size and time.
Universe is simulation. If its actual computer running virtual world and we are code, or some other construction ( for example world created by some godlike power ) it makes no difference. 

The point is that to create this simulation there must be underlying logic to create code on. Whatever this code is.

Mathematics is this underlying logic. Its always present in background and it must be since without it the code will fall apart.

This logic is ever present and actually not very hard to detect. And is always true, in any universe or for any being
I can imagine that our math would look a lot different—or perhaps would have *progressed* very differently—if we were in a universe where the boundaries between things were fuzzy enough that you couldn't realistically "count" them.  That grounds math to our physical reality pretty well doesn't it?  What is the point in dwelling deeply on what such alien universes would look like or what kind of math would exist in them?  Wasn't [Flatland](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flatland) abstract enough?
Maths seems to study the way things can be. Occasionally a particular way things can be is damn close to the way things are, but never completely. I've never come across a situation where the perfect world of maths actually captures the exact nature of reality. There are always some assumptions made upon the physical world to make it fit the model. Even just thinking of units you can't really find a 'unit' in the real world without using some higher order human and flexible definition of a thing.
Math, like language, and like music, is a tool of thought before all else. It's a way to literalize (literally) some of the experiences with proportions and ratios and truth which can seem quite nebulous until put on a rigorous framework.

Just making one symbol(written or spoken) mean more than 1 thing is a exercise in semantics akin to any linguistic phenomenon.

Mathematics is *gounded* in physical relationships  in the sense that the fields mathematics developed out of a desire to understand and deal with the physical world. Geometry grew out of a need to resurvey featureless land after the Nile flooding had receded. Arithmetic developed out of the need to keep track of *things* - sheep, loaves of bread, baskets of grain.  

It was only after physical necessity brought the mathematics forth that the non-physical relationships were looked at.
I'm still trying to figure out if 0 is a natural number....
Not really. You can make 11 dimensions with math, that doesn't mean 11 dimensions exist. That's like saying a dictionary perfectly describes the physical word.
like one giant category error
I read the article, and To-the-Question asks , "Is Math about something"?  I hadn't really thought about it before, but I guess math is a thing. I'm not sure if a thing is the same thing as something, though, the prefix "some" must be quantitative, after all this is MATHS.  

Why is this question important?


Ok, so apparently there are two schools of philosophical thought when dealing with maths.  And using maths I can be sure that these correspond to two different answers.

"Is math something?"

1.  NO.    The school of nominalism. Math is language. People invented math. 

2.  YES. The school of platonism.  Math is a framework.   Math occurs in nature.  

After reading the article and not understanding/caring about what the author was yakking on about, i scrolled back up to the top of the page, and i saw some eggs.

The eggs said this "Some philosophers think maths exists in a mysterious other realm. They’re wrong. Look around: you can see it "

Yeah, I totally see it.  So why are these other other philosophers so stupid?  

I hope the mathematicians are made aware of the situation.






Intuition: it seems a prori that relationships are not physical (one cannot locate a relationship with the physical sciences, merely describe it), so then mathematical truths cannot be based on "physical relationships" of sort which are mere descriptions.
Okay I know the "maths" "math" gripe is done to death, but if you insist on saying "maths" like it's plural, then why would you say "maths *exists* in a mysterious other realm," and not "maths *exist* in a mysterious other realm."   
*".. in our model of the world"*
probably more accurate to say that -some- fundamental mathematics is isomorphic to -some- fundamental physical relationships in the world, but neither is grounded is in the other
Doesn't the myth of the cavern implies that ideas have causal power over the world, since objects in the world are shadows casted by objects in the world of ideas? 
I feel like once u apply mathematics and science in the real world and go so far at one point u take it up to yourself to express it in philosophy. On the subject of cosmology at some point many serious philosophical topics come up because, well, its incomplete possibly 
That is a fundamentally incorrect understanding of mathematics. Mathematics is based on logically inferences of a set of axioms that is not necessarily related to or abstracted from anything in the real world. It is indeed the discontinuity between mathematics and real world objects that frees mathematically inferences from the limitation of philosophical correctness.
[deleted]
Ok, I'm not a math person, I can relate to some concepts relating to what I can see, and I reluctantly admit that irrational numbers have practical applications. But I once saw a video of a guy explaining that the sum of all natural numbers was equal to -1/12. Could some math person give an example where this is about something in the physical world and not just a language to talk about axioms and rules?
In retrospect, the maths I studied at university for my Engineering degree had an overall aim of getting us to handle differential equations. They didn't do a very good job of explaining that, never mind *why*. It takes a helluva lot of apparently pointless Calculus study to get to that point. It wasn't until later that I realised how fundamental differential equations are to the real world. 

For example, equation 2 (63) on [this page] (http://farside.ph.utexas.edu/teaching/315/Waves/node10.html) describes "damped harmonic oscillation", where "damped harmonic oscillation" means pretty much anything that (a) has mass and (b) moves. Guitar strings, suspension bridges, cars, exercise machines in gyms ... me out for a walk - that equation covers it. 

The equation as stated is "abstract" or "high level", and doesn't give results directly: you have to supply initial conditions and restraints, then use Calculus to solve the equation in to a form that can take and give numbers. (That's what's happening on the remainder of that page.) It also wouldn't apply directly to e.g. a whole car, you have to break big problems down in to smaller ones. Once you've done that, the equations you get can be usable on their own, and you may have used them directly. 

Nothing in that equation hints at the kind of results you get. There is no suggestion of oscillation there, but that's what you get if that's the problem you're solving. No exponential component to start with, but with the damping term, that's what comes out, as a result of the Calculus techniques you have to use, and the results somehow match reality: the amplitude (volume) of a guitar string really does taper off exponentially over time. It's a kind of magic. 
There is a slight error in the article:

>imagine six crosses arranged in two rows of three crosses each, one row directly above the other. I can equally imagine the same six crosses as three columns of two each. Therefore 2 × 3 = 3 × 2

I get what he is trying to say here, but the two arrangement described are identical. I'm assuming "columns" should be replaced with "rows". 

(or did I misunderstand something?) 


Math is the language of God.
Does anyone know if/where the pragmatists have tackled philosophy of mathematics?  I would be curious to know how they understand it.  I assume they would typically be Aristotelian realists, but nominalism might fit with some post-modern Pragmatism.  
I just thought i was a bit slow. Now i know it!
Except calculus 
https://xkcd.com/435/
Physics is literally describing the physical world with mathematical tools. I would know. I have a degree in this shit. 
The reality is math isn't grounded in anything, since we are the one that give math symbols meaning, if I draw a 3 in the sand using decimal notation or roman numerals, would some other alien culture be able to understand that it was mathematical?  

AKA the idea that math is universal as we understand is just our hubris of being backward apes that has never met anything radically foreign to our own thought processes, given how little of the actual universe we've discovered and actually physically searched I'd be hesitant to make bold claims.  Math is a cognitive device we use to wrap around a complex of processes that are in no way mathematical we are ascribing something to processes via math that aren't there, rather math helps us deal with and describe structures but there is a point where our math fails because our math must ultimately be based on sound observational concepts that usually precede any numerical conceptualisation at all.
Our understanding of Maths surely is, we would not ever have thought of infinity without first grasping the concept of quantity and considering that quantities may be different, or change. Any concepts that go beyond what we can experience and are yet proven to be viable by thinking about them surely owe that viability to the building blocks on which our thoughts about them are based, and are therefore somehow dependent on what we can experience. Speculation beyond this might be futile for the same reasons that speculation about other metaphysical things is: we can never know or understand by definition
Mathematics is the best thing to ever come out of bohemia.
Kinematics in 3D Cartesian space is fascinating. Somehow, simply by moving from one point in 3D space to another, a mathematical "mapping function" pops out that is non-linear and has behavior that remains unknown to this day, and is present all around us from predator/prey behavior to weather patterns and even economics.
[removed]
Mathematics is merely a subset of logic. Logic is based on objects and their interaction.

I'd say mathematics becomes it's real form when we get to algebra.
[removed]
I would posit that mathematics as a distillation of logic could exist in a world that does not obey any form of logic. We make up the rules then see what follows. Therefore it strikes me that the apparently applicability of mathematics, or logic, to the real world is coincidental.
Mathematics is the attempt to organize, and group, the logical shortcuts in our physical world.
The question of how to make trade-offs between the interests of different animal species is very important. However, I don't think it makes much sense to include [abstract natural entities](http://www.animal-ethics.org/why-we-should-consider-sentient-beings-rather-than-ecosystems/) like ecosystems or biodiversity in our circle of concern, since they have no interests or sentience.
Life is but a vision... A dream.
Is this how Latin was spoken by a native speaker or is this our best guess in modern times as to how the inflection, tone, accent would have mostly likely sounded?
[the 3 directors](https://ca.images.search.yahoo.com/images/view;_ylt=A2KLj9HJAPdX7RcA.zCQ7olQ;_ylu=X3oDMTIyOG4wdGhiBHNlYwNzcgRzbGsDaW1nBG9pZANiZDI2ODdlZmYyNDNhZTNhZGYwMjEwYTc4OWUxMjI1ZgRncG9zAzcEaXQDYmluZw--?.origin=&back=https%3A%2F%2Fca.images.search.yahoo.com%2Fsearch%2Fimages%3Fp%3Dkurosawa%2Bgetting%2Boscar%26fr%3Diphone%26fr2%3Dpiv-web%26tab%3Dorganic%26ri%3D7&w=640&h=423&imgurl=ia.media-imdb.com%2Fimages%2FM%2FMV5BMjI4ODg3MDEwMl5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTcwMTEyNzI0NA%40%40._V1_SX640_SY720_.jpg&rurl=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imdb.com%2Fmedia%2Frm3186735616%2Fnm0000041&size=43.1KB&name=Akira+%3Cb%3EKurosawa%3C%2Fb%3E%2C+George+Lucas%2C+and&p=kurosawa+getting+oscar&oid=bd2687eff243ae3adf0210a789e1225f&fr2=piv-web&fr=iphone&tt=Akira+%3Cb%3EKurosawa%3C%2Fb%3E%2C+George+Lucas%2C+and&b=0&ni=21&no=7&ts=&tab=organic&sigr=11gq97c2d&sigb=13gefpf4n&sigi=130ci1km8&sigt=118garfm0&sign=118garfm0&.crumb=.Z.uqcjsB0k&fr=iphone&fr2=piv-web) 
This paper considers the possibility of Bentham having had Asperger's, a condition that is today subsumed into the diagnosis of Autistic Spectrum Disorder. 
What's really interesting about this is that Peter Singer's views are often described as narrow, overly systematic, blind to emotional truths - textbook descriptions of autism.  In fact, people use the word "autistic" to describe Singer's ideas.


I'm a utilitarian, and I'm also a little spectrumy
The link does not work for me.

edit: okay, the servers just seem a bit slow and it's a pdf. 
As someone already familiar with information and coding theory (from an electrical engineering background), I wasn't a fan.

I highly recommend the freely available [Information Theory, Inference, and Learning Algorithms](http://www.inference.phy.cam.ac.uk/mackay/itila/book.html) by David MacKay. It covers everything in the video (and significantly more) and is very readable even at a pre-tertiary level of mathematics.
[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8953356596960986 
 > This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  > If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.
[link to playlist](http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbg3ZX2pWlgKDVFNwn9B63UhYJVIerzHL)
Am I crazy or is this guy "low key" angry? :\
Within 2 minutes they had already conflated weight and mass.  How many more fundamental mistakes does it contain?
You probably will not like this. 


I first looked at your title and then the bibliography, and I noticed that you do not mention Quine, Tarsky, or Davidson. Any account of necessity and propositions should mention Quine's "Two Dogmas of Empiricism" (1951). I next looked briefly at your Chapter "Proposition and meaning" and it looks like you might be reinventing the wheel that Davidson constructed using Tarsky's truth theoretic semantics.

If you post a summary, I might be inclined to take a closer look, but right now it looks like your project is failing to engage really important literature on the subject.  
> “Slow down and start thinking of consciousness as we should, not in terms of ‘what it’s like’."

The fact that "what it's like" *even exists* is the whole hard problem.

With "what it's like" ruled out of court, Hacker proceeds to "start thinking of consciousness as we should": he explains conscious *behavior* instead of conscious*ness*.  The usual bait and switch.
 


From the opening paragraphs:

“Philosophy does not contribute to our knowledge of the world we live in after the manner of any of the natural sciences. You can ask any scientist to show you the achievements of science over the past millennium, and they have much to show: libraries full of well-established facts and well- confirmed theories. If you ask a philosopher to produce a handbook of well-established and unchallengeable philosophical truths, there’s nothing to show. I think that is because philosophy is not a quest for knowledge about the world, but rather a quest for understanding the conceptual scheme in terms of which we conceive of the knowledge we achieve about the world. One of the rewards of doing philosophy is a clearer understanding of the way we think about ourselves and about the world we live in, not fresh facts about reality.”
Really enjoyed the interview, also reflected some of my frustration at not really grasping what is useful about conceiving of a "hard problem" in the first place.  I don't see a problem, I've tried, but I still don't see one, so it perplexes me that so many people supposedly do?
>But once you have answered the how and the why of consciousness, what else is there to say? “Ah!” exclaim
Chalmers, Nagel and others, “You still have not told us what it is like to be a bat (or a human being, or a
zombie), so there!” But what it is like is an experience – which means that it makes no sense to ask how and
why it is possible in any other senses but the ones just discussed. Of course an explanation isn’t the same as
an experience, but that’s because the two are completely independent categories, like colors and triangles. It
is obvious that I cannot experience what it is like to be you, but I can potentially have a complete
explanation of how and why it is possible to be you. **To ask for that explanation to also somehow encompass
the experience itself is both incoherent, and an illegitimate use of the word ‘explanation’.**

This piece is too short to understand exactly what he means by this, but for the explanation to not include how the experience came about as a result of the biology, is just to miss the hard problem all together is it not? He has to say more about why consciousness itself isn't included in the explanation, after all it is the target. Would not having consciousness included in the explanation be like trying to explain gravity without reference to mass?
Isn't he just begging the question here, by insisting that the 'how' of "phenomenal consciousness...is a question for cognitive science, neurobiology and the like"?

He seems to take this as a self-evident proposition in context but this seems to be the locus of the entire debate--whether neurobiological investigation can provide an explanation of subjective experience *is* the hard problem, so he can't get away with just asserting that it (obviously) can.

I'm also not sure what Pigliucci means by an explanation "encompass[ing] the experience itself". Presumably an explanation of the mechanics of subjective experience would literally give us a way to experience things exactly like another person, if we had the correct tools. But Pigliucci says that it's "obvious" that one cannot experience things like someone else, so I don't know what sort of idea is supposed to be incoherent here. 
There are two types of people in this world. People who understand the hard problem of consciousness, and people who can't.
I'm not sure about the example with the VR game. Something like that was most probably advertised as a scary experience, so when something scary happens in a scary experience it shouldn't be seen as ethically wrong. It might be a problem if it was advertised as something calm and pleasant, but then it's an ethics in advertising problem, not an ethics in design problem. 
Designers can be as ethical as they want until they have to pay the bills and the client wants something else. It's completely unrealistic to put all this on the designer. It's the clients that need the motivation.
What is this guy trying to say? What was the VR game suppose to show? How was it unethical to make a scary VR game? The whole article seemed rather vague to me. What specifically about the design world does he find unethical? 
I was positively surprised that it seems to become common practice to have ethics courses for any types of engineers and the likes in university, those are the people most prone to invent, advance and build things that might be ethically questionable.
I get a bit uncomfortable when there is a call for ethics. He claims in his article that ethics are not a universal truth, but instead "bred out of the act of making conscious, deliberate decisions that take into account many of the conditions that are at play in the arena that one is deciding upon."

Who is he to claim that the people he is criticizing haven't done these things and not merely arrived at a different ethical conclusion? He ranges from environmental impacts to being scared by a VR game. He doesn't seem to even give examples of how to address any of these self-identified ethical issues.

He's making an appeal not for increased ethics in design, but instead for ethical considerations that agree with his pre-conceived notions.
I don't know how much is that designers are passing the buck or that sometimes they actually can't design the way they want. I am a user researcher and I have very strong ethical research principles. My results help guide design, but time and time again I have to fight with my boss on how I can't change what the results say. He wants me to reword it so it's easily misleading or misinterpreted. The next project comes around and I'm off the project. I keep fighting but its beginning to hurt my career because I don't get to do my job as often as I would if I just want he wanted.
I believe someone said something similar when they saw the first steam train going significantly faster than a horse. Bones would rattle and brains would dislodge from their God-given skulls etc.
Ethically speaking it's wrong of us to play games while millions die every day in war related starvation & disease around the world.

This is easily answered: Yes.

I have studied product design and then architecture. Design, ethics and responsibility go hand in hand and if not, then you are a poor designer, in my opinion.

Students are taught about ethics, sustainability, responsibility and other humanitarian design instances. I would also argue; even if this was not a taught aspect of design, a good designer would encompass all of these traits into their work these days. 

The only instance where I can think ethics and responsibility would possibly not be considered within design is when we are not designing for the 99% of us, e.g. weapon design. However, even then there is somewhat some ethical consideration taken into the design of weapons, in an otherwise possibly-unethical design field. But this is speculation as I am not educated in weapon design.

Edit: My terrible grammar.
I remember once I left the office and took the stairs and at the bottom of the stairs were spikes.  Whoever designed that building hasn't studied Philosophy.  If they had the stairs would of ended in a room with shadows on the walls and then the real escape would begin. 
As a designer, I wonder about the agency of the designer often.  He states that we have power to shape social structures and norms, though I think maybe the cart is before the horse in this regard.  In retrospect, trying to understand artifacts, we hold the belief that these artifacts represent some greater value of the society in which it was made, were it not so, why would it be created?  For example, artistic amphorae from Greece, or the Menhirs of Carnac.  In the present, design is intended in part to solve the problems of today, presumably problems that existed before a design was crafted as the solution.  Otherwise, we would just be throwing excrement against a wall to see what sticks. (Not an entirely invalid exercise in my mind)  Perhaps the extent of ethics for a designer should be not to challenge those ethical norms that are known with certainty to be good and right for the society.  Even if the design was created to exalt a new ethical norm, for example, including accessible ramps and elevators in a building, I don't think its right to suggest that the design, or the designer for that matter, are the wellspring of the new ethic.    

Edit:  I read Leyla and assumed woman, is actually a man, sry.  
I don't think I could be in greater disagreement with this article, or at least with how the author is wording things.
I subscribed for this subreddit a few days ago and a design ethics thread comes up, this is awesome! 

So I agree the VR example distracts more than it actually proves his point (he is really just describing the same effects people had when watching the first Lumiere film). However the main point I think he is trying to say is that Designers do not have to adhere to a code of ethics, the same as architects and engineers do. Which is a really important point, and something that industry and completely taken advantage of. 

So the first point, discussions of ethics have always been part of design.Victor Papanek a designer and educator who wrote the book  design for the real world was made famous for the quotes:

>  "There are professions more harmful than industrial design, but only a few of them."

 I'm surprised this hasn't been mentioned yet but in 1964 a group of designers wrote and co-signed the First Things First Manifesto: http://www.designishistory.com/1960/first-things-first/ . This manifesto was meant to bring to light that design has become more concerned with helping companies sell things than actually creating things that help people. And so there is always been an understanding that designers have a responsibility, and the conscious or unconscious descisions of our work can and have had incredibly positive and negative impacts. The author is right, the “that’s not my problem” excuse doesn't cut it. 

The second point, is that you guys are talking about traditional design ignoring the fact that design as a discipline is changing. I used to work as a graphic designer, now I work as a [service designer](https://www.cooper.com/journal/2014/07/service-design-101). This means that my work is much more strategic and so the decisions I have an impact on, are no longer attached to artifacts but to entire service systems. This really exciting as a designer because we can have a more profound impact, but also dangerous because the negative consequences we can have multiplies. One thing is designing a new packaging for a Tobacco company to make it more attractive, another is designing a new service to make that purchase more accessible, increasing the negative impact. Services inherently enable people and if we as designers work to enable people to do that's that are negative for themselves and the environment then the results years down the line could be worse than what we are seeing today. 
Good read, and I essentially agree with the final paragraph.


But the real problem is... 

> Who gets to decide what we end up with and what is not a good collective decision to invest in? 

... and the answer is, capitalists mostly.

What that means in real life, in the cubical farms, is that if you... as the poxy designer engineer... were to try and introduce new requirements (sustainability, ecological sourcing constraints, serviceability or repairability features) to a product design that is not part of the contractually binding Statement of Work handed down to you by the customer or by management, then you will be replaced with someone who will.

That's the reality.

 > I mean, do we even want AI?

Here is the rub... someone is going to be working on this. Choosing to unilaterally disarm just means that it won't be you who figures it out, it will be your competitor.

We are currently locked into an arms race to develop the means of our own obsolescence, and there is no way to stop it short of global collapse into anarchy... and even then, there is no reason to assume some isolated, well protected, self sufficient operation is not still marching toward the goal.

Our only hope here seems to rest upon the benevolence and/or disinterest this SAI will display toward our species as it goes about it's business (whatever it determines that to be).
If this line of thinking were accepted, pharmaceutical companies would need to take responsibility for the design of their drugs, being responsible for what it affected after it had been excreted from the body and how it decomposed.  Saying it that way makes it seem like common sense.

If you were unaware this is currently not the case, they are only held by the FDA up until the point it is excreted from the body.
> I can't design you that cake you wanted because it goes against my ~~personal religious beliefs~~ postmodern ethical lens.

OK.
I've always wondered what the world would be like if we stopped makingnpark benches and public spaces as uncomfortable as possible to discourage homeless people from being there. If we housed the homeless and didn't have to worry about crap like that we could make our parks as comfy as possible. Hanging gardens! Outdoor beanbags! Agora style ampitheaters!  Maybe instead of the parks being empty and sad we could have people congregate and talk about things like, say, philosophy, like they did in the before times.
So I'm sort of confused on the premise of this article. Some people are speaking on his axe throwing analogy and speaking on the ethics of the user experience.

I thought he may have been focusing on the human cost of producing these ever changing designs. As though Buidling and manufacturing these inventions should have ethical considerations? Am I wrong in that perception.

Assuming the author was speaking on the latter, that does bring up a profound modern day problem. We rely on cell phones and electronics to get out our message on various social justices yet the clothes we wear and the electronics we use have huge ethical issues.

Perhaps ethical electronic manufacturing can create a niche and a movement like Free range poultry, or humane raised dairy? At first, I'd assume the cost would be probably significant but then again with 3D printing maybe designers owe it to us to try harder to resolve ethical issues while they tackle technological ones.
> There is no collective moral compass, and the dichotomy of right and wrong differs dramatically across generations, cultures, nationalities, and professionals.

As social creatures I think our moral compass is very much collective. Some of it is most likely genetic and a lot is learned, but we feed off each other for what is right and wrong. 
I've gone through two engineering courses. In the masters one more so, we learnt ethical design like DfE (Design for environment), and not so ethical design like DfMA (Design for Manufacturing Assembly) (which is about taking away jobs essenially, increasing automation).

If I wanted to go down the second road, I've been educated on that.

On the other hand, if a sole engiineer is determined in producing a good, envonmentally sound product, that will always be trumped by cost, hands are tied.

Consumerism fucks everything up, a phone lasts a few years now because the new increments in technology are not needed (people buy less now, so companies are trying make a phone a service now (new phone every 12 months iif you sign up to a monthly plan. This increases unnecessary over-usage of the earth's resources). The marketing industry is the main driver behind this, and people are convinced that this is what's right.

No, *every* person has to take responsibity.

I've just used planned obsolescence used by the tech industry as a small example for this. Many other ecamples can prove this point. 
Ethics in design should be not putting spark plugs behind steering rods.
>When everyone within a system plays this hands-off, “that’s not my problem” game, the system is very quickly riddled with external issues … and a shitload of problems.

I like this sentence.
This is a very confused critique of ethics and ethical responsibility with an amazing conclusion that really cranked the hyperbole to max, especially when considering what was spoken about in the rest of the article. As to the author's original concern, I believe a simple disclaimer at the beginning of the VR experience would be more than satisfactory. Something like what you see for thrill rides or other events that may cause physical excitement and/or agitation.  And even that is more a precaution in a litigious society, rather than an ethical concern.

Perhaps even more worrying, towards the end of this article the writer even says that, "doing no harm, being good to your client, and protecting rights such as privacy" is the current ethical standard of many associations... and that "they are not good enough."  What exactly should be added?  The author suggests that "you can't avoid ethics" at this point – not especially helpful.  What needs to be added to the current associations code of ethics exactly?  Is it addressing "the perverse legal structures of proprietary information" or something else?  Have we gone to a critique of the ethics of VR interaction to a critique of intellectual property and proprietary info just like that?  Very confused.

As a side note, it's worrying to me that more and more people are trying to pin ethical responsibility on creators rather than themselves. This strikes me as the standard call of many a moral media crusader when confronted with a new entertainment medium, whether it was opera, literature, movies, television, or video games.  The certainly not random nosedive into “proprietary information” reassures me that this person's larger point doesn't lie in video games or VR but it concerns me that video games are still the warground for media crusaders forty years after Death Race.
>But here is the often-complex thing about ethics—there is no universal truth or governing paradigm that dictates what is ethical and what is not.

UGHHHHH I swear I thought I found this link in /r/badphilosophy and had to double check...
There is no ethical capitalism
Well nice article but what about a mention about "who cares for us?" (The designers). Yes, on the one hand I do think we should be responsible and tgen in the other hand I am thinking, "why?" "For who?". The world is has so many selfish and self-absorbed people, I should just worry about myself....collect the check and go home."
* Only **individuals** may make ethical decisions

* Within groups, only **individuals** will  make all group ethical decisions

There have been times where one person made all ethical decisions for all. The Nazis and many others failed at this.

> *Who is taking responsibility for the outcomes, externalities, and downright damaging impacts of our hyper-consumer, ever-changing landscape of new gadgets and virtual arenas that are coming on board at a lighting-speed pace?*
[deleted]
**Summary:**
Part 1 of a pair. In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Agustín Rayo](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/agustin-rayo) (MIT) teaches us about some weird properties of infinity, using an example due to mathematician David Hilbert called 'Hilbert's Hotel'. He shows us a result proved by another mathematician, Georg Cantor: that many infinite collections of things are the same size. Things that are the same size include: the natural numbers, the natural number plus one, the natural numbers plus the natural numbers, and as many copies of the natural numbers as there are natural numbers! Amazing!

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi
Is it true the universe is bigger than we think because we can't see it all because of the speed of light. Meaning that there is light that we can't see because not enough time has past for it to reach us?
Humans have a hard time grasping something incomprehensibly large.  We always deal with the finite in daily life, to deal with the opposite is impossible.

The universe may have infinite size, but to prove it was finite you would have to find a place in the universe where you could measure it from one end to the other.  The universe appears to have uniformity - that is, from any location you look it all appears to be the center of the universe.  Therefore, you'll never be able to see it all.

I suppose the other experiment you could run would be to travel to one end of the universe to the other, and then travel to the northernmost point and then the southernmost, then the topmost and bottommost.  But this is again impossible if from every position in the universe, you are at the center of the universe.
My question- Where is space expanding? Where is it going? If there was an end to space, what would come after? 

There's something(space) and then it just turns into nothing? I just can't comprehend life sometimes.

* Edit: didn't listen to the podcast yet.
If there is no ending, whose to say there was a beginning?
Thanks for that, it's too easy to miss things like this on the radio/iplayer. But that's some more insomnia time covered!
Spoiler: it doesn't, but it expands at such a rate that you'll never get to the edge.
But if the universe is expanding that means it has limits. If there are no limits to expand that means its limitless therefore infinite, you follow?
This question doesn't seem like philosophy at all. What you argue about is not at all going to affect the truth of the matter. As far as we know, space goes on forever and there are infinitely many stars, and we can measure astronomical things that indicate that is the case. Why is this a debate without evidence?
Is this a podcast I can get?
Brilliant series, looking forward to the last episode.

Couldn't grasp any of it after episode 2 however!

Sets of sets of sets...wtf?!
I just listened to an infinite monkeys episode on numbers. One of the team asked about infinity at the end and the panel started asking "what kind of infinity do you mean"? Blew my small, small, infinitely tiny brain....
Great website!!
Thanks for the link! I have this dl'd to listen later
Can we create infinity?
If the universe is 'all that is' then it is, by nature, infinite.
Olbers paradox.
I have never been able to wrap my head around infinity. 
IDK if it fits into philosophy, but I find it mind blowing that we are not limited in what we can see by distance, but by time. It's somewhat disturbing to realize that distance is time in all things. The only reason we perceive distance is because it takes a non-zero amount of time for the light to bounce off an object and reach our eyes.

We never look out into the universe, we always look back. [Kendrick Smith explains it much better than I.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-GBokk2FwsA)

EDIT: If you like this kind of stuff, the [Perimeter Institute of Theoretical Physics](https://www.youtube.com/user/PIOutreach) has some fantastic public lectures.
Infinity is an invaluable abstract concept in mathematics, physics, and philosophy.  Nothing more.  The universe is measurable, just not by us.... yet.
Space looks infinite, and its likely interspersed with multiple universes, some growing, some shrinking, and some just experiencing their big-bang moment. 
Those are questions to be answered by science not philosophy.
I believe our universe is expanding from a Big Bang that was caused by a ultra massive collapsing blackhole (negatively charged energy); one muuuch larger than our universe.... and our universe, which was a hotspot on the accretion disk of that blackhole, had all its spin angular momentum energy convert into a huge explosion( Big Bang) of now positively charged energy( our universe) expanding in the space cleared by the collapsing blackhole. The rest of the matter sped off faster than the speed of light, (down the blaclhole "drain") into a blackhole super string( which is why blackholes become undetectable past the singularity point and why space appears "black"). "Space" is filled with just smaller and faster travelling particles. Also every particle of matter in infinity has infinite mass within itself in every direction and dimension and is a part of another larger particle or body. It's the mass of matter that gives weight to gravity because of this, not gravity that gives "weight" to matter. Perhaps our universe is in a sea of other ultra blackholes around it all swimming on or around an even bigger blackhole...and on this goes forever and ever....or whatever the next biggest model looks like. Even our galaxy will eventually blackhole, then our universe and so on. And those explosions will give birth to a new "stars".  
Is it true the universe where you started from, if relativistic principles allowed you to reach towards.
Not really a philosophy question is it? First question is no because gravity will eventually overcome dark energy, and second answer is no because first answer is no among other reasons.
Infinity is a cop out.
Infinity is a lie. The proof is simple. 

Borges' *The Library of Babel* is a limited set within which everything describable is described. If infinity were real, a set of descriptions which describes all describable things would be infinite.

People like to bring up mathematical infinities at this point, but in order for a mathematical infinity to generate any newly describable reality, it must have the potential to be generated in and conceived of by a mind in a describable reality. Eventually the mind runs out of time to conceive of such an infinity and the generative mechanism fails due to heat death, so there are no relevant mathematical infinities, only conceptual infinities that are describable.

Where's my Nobel Prize?
Hey guys! The last time I posed one of my philosophical critiques of Edward Feser ( https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/4o4ahl/aristotles_curse_a_very_lengthy_book_review_of/) it went over pretty well, so I thought you'd appreciate another, even longer one :D

This is an extremely involved (over 56,000 words) critique of the metaphysics and ethics of Thomas Aquinas, as interpreted through the lens of several of Feser's books and essays. I hope anyone who’s interested in both religion or metaphysics, whether they’re Christian or atheist, will enjoy this piece!
Take [trichinosis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trichinosis).

Theology protected people from this disease [by a theological ban on the consumption of pork](https://www.gotquestions.org/eating-pork.html). Theology in this case was protecting people from trichinosis a millennium before Science did.

Theology has always been concerned with the practical well-being of people. 

* The more any theology helps people the better that theology is.

* The more any scientific theory helps people, the better that scientific theory is for the people.

> "*But faith for Aquinas does not mean an irrational will to believe something for which there is no evidence. It is rather a matter of believing something on the basis of divine authority… "*
Aquinas ensured that you and I would have our Human Rights because these rights come from God. 

* No one may take from a man or woman what God gave to them.

Here is the opposing view, that our Human Rights do not come from God.

If our Human Rights are given by our governments then it must also be true that any government may take our Human Rights away.

Are our Human Rights a gift from God as Aquinas claimed - or are they a gift from Government?
This is a common cliché that really has very little to do with Schopenhauer. It's a linguistic misunderstanding, not all people are egoistic because egoism doesn't mean "acting according to ones nature", it means acting with disregard of others.

>Well no, because on the other hand those who are "psychopath" spend lots of time alone leaving space for creativity, studies and knowledge: their mission is to create things.

That's not psychopathy, it's more like the exact opposite. Psychopathy is characterized by destructiveness.



You absolutely should stop with the 'absolutes '.  The varied definitions are colored with "all" ; "everyone" ; "no one" and so on and so forth. 
So how did man and woman first reproduce? Through their own sexual desire only we might say?
The most psychopathic people are the ones who think they know what they are talking about.
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.


Tl;Dr: 1) alot of politics isn't a matter of "reality vs perception" (although it feels like that when you only listen to ine side of the debate..) 2) You're then going to need a group of people determine what is "right" and "wrong" which you'll have to agree with before you can legally vote-- no way that can go wrong.

How do you define what is "knowledge"?
For example: is it factually incorrect to say "I feel safer with less minorities around"? Stupid, and bigoted, sure, but it could certainly be true. Arguably you could say "well, what if you had to be educated on migration, crime rates, etc, before you could vote?" but then  that poses another problem - - one: who decides what's factual there? We have plenty of statistics that discuss as much, but if you where required to accept that then you're walking a fine line between "knowing the truth" and "agreeing with the governments ideology," which is a pretty dangerous slope-- or if you dont have one group decide it.... Well, if you know anything about the tobacco industry using scientific studies to argue that there was no clear link between smoking and lung cancer, then you already know it wouldnt really change anything (or..yano.. if you talk to anyone about their beliefs, they typically have reasons that they believe that based on things people have said, and studies backing them up..)

Two: most people on the divide aren't debating what is happening  but what should happen and how it would work out- things that can't be factually proven prior to them happening (example: "we should expand healthcare, it'll help people, it wouldn't cost that much" vs "we shouldn't expand healthcare, because it would be prohibitively expensive" when you're dealing with what is ultimately theoretical projections at best.)
Absolutely obnoxious article. Are the dumb going to be exempt from paying taxes as well? If not, don't they have the right to vote? Or do only people who are sufficiently intelligent according to some metric or other deserve a say as to how their tax dollars are spent and how their country is run?
I accept that unintelligent/uneducated people are less able to vote wisely, but I think a better solution to that problem is to make education more accessible, rather than restricting people's right to something that they really do deserve.
This idea is actually not that far-fetched. In fact, every democracy the world over practices it to some degree:
Children can't vote. 

Children can't vote because we don't trust them to have adequately informed views, nor do we trust them to take the process seriously. Are we concerned that children's needs are not being taken into account under our current system? If so, would this problem be fixed if we had toddlers at the polls? 
The problem is that knowledge is often far greater bullshit than plain ignorance. 

The economic experts cited in the article as an example have been wrong over and over again, an expert in a field like economics requires an adherence to a specific ideology to be part of The Experts. In the Soviet union, an economic expert would have to believe in central planning, in the U.S, such a position would exclude one from being an economic expert. 
This is part of Brennan's larger ideas concerning voting which are interesting and worth taking a look at in his article, Polluting the Polls, published in 2009.  His ideas should be at least debated considering the U.S.'s current election cycle circus act.  Also, Marcus Arvan gives some well thought rebuttals in his article, People Do Not Have a Duty to Avoid Voting Badly.
[removed]
He's writing about something that already exists in American politics, to an extent. He just wants to take the idea of the Electorate one step further and expand it to anyone who can pass some sort of test.

I suppose the biggest issue with this idea is the same one we face now with standardized testing. People who test poorly or who have learning disorders, but are not inherently unintelligent, will see it as unfair. 

I'm not one hundred percent opposed to this idea, but I don't believe that it is feasible on anything more than paper. 
* The premise here is that intelligent and educated people make better decisions.

[Smart People - Dumb Decisions](https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/mental-mishaps/201408/smart-people-dumb-decisions)

[Why do well-educated people make dumb decisions in their personal lives?](https://www.quora.com/Why-do-well-educated-people-make-dumb-decisions-in-their-personal-lives)

OK, let's accept this premise for this discussion.

* Do smart people make better decisions **for other people**?

* Do they make decisions that will *give them an advantage*?

We let everyone vote because then the election reflects **both** how the electorate *thinks and feels*.

* Do smart educated people ever vote their feelings, and if so, are the feelings of smart people smarter?

* If dumb people vote based upon their limited thoughts and their feelings are they then voting badly?

* If smart people vote based upon their better thoughts and their feelings are they then voting better?

Knowledge is too generalized and you need to consider the knowledge gained from non-institutionalized systems such as people learning how to survive on the streets etc.  
Personally I think it would be a good idea, but only if the epistocratic system gives an equal opportunity to learn these things. A poor black woman in the ghettos doesn't know about political science because they have no opportunity to learn about political science. This isn't true in every case but there is certainly a truth to it. 

I would also imagine there being less opportunity for people to say it is an unfair system if this epistocracy puts free courses into the basics of politics in every school system and university and also legally giving them time off of work or something to that effect, since some struggle with time as well as money. Both of these things would probably be very difficult and expensive to do.

This system would only work in my eyes if everyone had equal opportunity to the information they would need to pass a voting test. Without that it would be overthrown by the masses claiming that only those who are well-born or come into money will be able to govern the country.
Biggest crap I have listened to yet
The uncaring deterministic universe will continue to confound both elites and morlocks alike suggesting society may be better served by the illusion of a free-will based democracy.

 
> ... might sound like New Age mysticism

Those damn unwashed hippies. 

> Rather than thinking that this is a fundamental property of all matter, I think that it is an illusion.

Reminds me of Daniel Dennetts "it's a trick" line of thinking which confuses the fact that we misunderstand the nature of our subjective experience (making incorrect predictions and interpretations) with the basic undeniable fact that we have a subjective experience.
This article highlighted many of the holes i've pondered myself regarding panpsychism. But i was disappointed towards the end of the article when the author expressed a belief that conscious experience probably is an "illusion". I've heard this from friends too, but it just makes me wonder if they've really grasped the hard problem of consciousness. I really don't get this argument at all, an illusion still presumes subjective experience (ie consciousness)
[deleted]
The article makes it really hard to discuss or argue with as the author argues what he thinks is scientific consensus/state-of-the-art and not what it really is. Few examples:

He starts with  

> Is consciousness everywhere?

Without defining what he means by consciousness.

Then the author asks:

> How can neurons firing give rise to experiences of colour, sound, taste, pain and so on?
> [...]
> Somehow, it seems, brain processes acquire a subjective aspect, which is invisible to science. How can we possibly explain this?

Which is "invisible" to science because modern science frowns upon slicing people for no good reason. Even very simple simulated neural networks can get their own, distinct "ideas" of what is something. E.g. train neural networks to find dogs - each will have a bit different "idea" of what dog is depending on training set but they will mostly agree on what is and what isn't dog if properly trained. Even such simple model can give us pretty good insight into answering the question.

> But this is a description of how an electron is disposed to behave: to have mass is to resist acceleration, to have charge is to respond in a certain way to electromagnetic fields, and so on. Physics doesn’t say what an electron, or any other basic particle, is like in itself, intrinsically.

Because that's what Physics is - finding models for our observations of the world. The answer it tries to provide is "what will happen", not "how it will happen".


> So I’m not a panpsychist. I agree with panpsychists that it seems as if our experiences have a private, intrinsic nature that cannot be explained by science. 

Or maybe, just maybe, panpsychists and the author don't know "the science"?


And so on.
[removed]
> It’s plausible to think that there can’t be conscious experience without a subject who has the experience.

While it may be plausible, it is far from necessary. It is in fact a basic tenet of buddhist phenomenology that there is no "subject who has the experience." Rather, experience is found to be primary and any notion of an experiencing subject is merely one element of the basic experience. That is, experience may contain a sense of a subject, but that is not necessary for experience. This approach may also help answer the preceding question of aggregation/combination.

> Consciousness is indeed a hard nut to crack, but I think we should exhaust the other options before we take a metaphysical sledgehammer to it.

I find these kinds of gambits to betray a disgusting authoritarian attitude. The author has, quite legitimately, posed a number challenges to the panpsychist position, but then instead of just allowing for possible answers and further conversation, he seeks to delegitimate the attempt to even develop panpsychist theory and see what it has to offer. Why?
I'm not following the "hard problem".  What about consciousness makes its being rooted in a singular perspective any more subjective than the rest of the world?  For example, there is nothing keeping us from tapping into the sensory receptors of an individual and observing those senses as the individual does.  The interpretation of that stimuli will be a subjective *experience*, but one which could be reenacted if all the variables leading up to that otherwise subjective experience were known, recreated, and controlled.  Now do this for the remainder of the senses and you've at the very least designed a moment of consciousness which is identical to the subject's.  This is admittedly difficult if not impossible to do, but if we accept this as such then we're still left with the *experience* as being subjective rather than the processes which take place almost instantaneously during a moment of thought.  If "consciousness" is in a large way defined by subjectivity  then it would seem consciousness can be equated to experience.

This seems more in line with panpsychism.  Any object - be it a quirk or a quasar - can experience something.  A rock can be handled, a wave can be formed, a sun can die.  These experiences are no less real or valuable than those lived through, comprehended, and memorized by something like the animal mind.  The illusion of what we think of as consciousness, then, becomes nothing more than an image of meaning we've projected *onto* the experience.  The experience itself is meaningless yet we equate the projected meaning with our conception of consciousness.  

What we think of as consciousness could simple be a feedback loop, or a reflection - much like looking into a mirror.  The reflection is not *real* if it is the reflected image which is being considered.  Only the surface and phenomena leading to the reflection are actually real.  Human consciousness, then, becomes nothing more than a reflection from one particular angle amongst a potentially infinite quantity of angles.  The reflection - or consciousness - is neither unique nor subjective.  It is simply....a reflection.  And some things, as we know, are reflective while others are not.  The fact that the human mind is able to reflect on reflections is what makes it so amazing - It's almost like an infinitely complex prismatic array.

Edit:  To get a better sense of what I'm suggesting here, watch this: https://www.ted.com/talks/jill_bolte_taylor_s_powerful_stroke_of_insight?language=en

I don't think it's directly in line with what I'm positing but it's nevertheless really, *really* interesting.
Can't argue with a non-argument.

Panpsychism can very well exist. Experience could be a field in the physical sense, only being excited at higher activity that reaches a certain complexity such as the brain.

All matter is energy. But we would never actually argue a table to be the same as a cup in our macroscopic level.

So, if consciousness is non-local. It could mean that the hard-problem is an emergent characteristic of a finer structure.
I have a question about something right at the start of the article, and I'm really sorry but the sciences have never been a strong point for me so this might be really simple and I'm just over thinking or something idk. When he's like how do neurons firing comvey *insert list of various sensations*, my understand was that the nerve end experiencing the sensation would only fire for that particular thing. So for example taste (please excuse my simplified and childish understanding and description), your taste buds will only react when they experience whatever particular sensation they're looking for, so while the neurons may not transfer specific data saying this taste was encountered, the brain knowing that that particular taste bud experienced something means it was that taste eg. something sour?
Must every brain fart be dignified with the title of Philosophy?

Re 'panpsychism'- What is the problem it claims to solve? Where is the slightest evidence for it? What is its plausible mechanism? 

Just as some people worship the "God of the Gaps", taking advantage of every bit of ignorance about the natural world to advance preposterous fantasies to fill them, it appears that there is also a "Philosophy of the Gaps".

Yes, Consciousness is very hard to explain. But so was Lightning, centuries ago. 3000 years of Science have shown us how to approach and hopefully solve difficult problems. 

Panpsychism is a more extreme form of Animism. Dryads and Oreads anyone?

Is there no place in philosophy for the determination of Bullshit?
[removed]
We all live in reality which is always the same, yet consciousness alters it greatly. Senses dictate conscious, a creature without eyes or ears would have vastly different ideas about what reality is, not in the construction of the idea, but of the evidence given. Humans are unique in that we can look deeper than what we sense, we can look at what others have experienced and they're perspectives. Having this ability opens the idea to individual experience and how they're 'dealt' with. That's called consciousness. So when asked whether something has conscious, I'd say lets go ask. 
Koch's panpsychism seems untouched by this article. Not at all a new age mysticism
"Fails to solve the mystery of consciousness"... So we are blaming a specific idea for not "fixing" a super obscure idea? What is this one mystery that must be solved? There is not just one mystery about consciousness, but a multitude of subjective questions attached to it. Everyone perceives it differently in varying degrees. I would never assume any idea, theology, or pathology could define it so well it solves every mystery within it lol
the author writes: "If billions of humans organised themselves to form a giant brain, each person simulating a single neuron and sending signals to the others using mobile phones, it seems unlikely that their consciousnesses would merge to form a single giant consciousness."

Isn't there  potential evidence to suggest that this may be the case. We could in principle measure this giant collective and ask it how it feels etc etc?
What if we worked top to bottom. We know what consciousness isn't right? It manifests its self in our brains. A bullet can kill it off in a fraction of a second. It's possible that perhaps we just got lucky and our brains really would start self awareness and our ability to communicate and interact gave early humans proto consciousness. Then that evolved, those who can share their consciousness more and use It wisely would thus be passed in more.

I think consciousness is the sum of all brain activity, supported by the rest of the body. Individual brain cells aren't  consciousness but when they fire I'm certain ways and in certain patters, the brain utilizes the organs to achieve self awareness.

Bad theory. Idk what I'm talking about I'm only in Highschool but it's a idea I guess 
What if God is the collection of the clouds of all subatomic particles?
Simple geometry...
I have a philosophy - "trust the mystery that youll never solve everything"
[Want to hear something really New Age? (Not really new age)](https://bu.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/5523bg/an_inquiry_into_the_nature_of_consciousness_the/?ref=share&ref_source=link)
Who ever said it would solve anything?   That's like saying "Deconstructionism fails to solve problems with epistemology".    There are several types of Panpsychism, but none of them are "solutions" to anything.    They are a set of theories pointing to the possibilities why naturalist, physicalist materialism at this point in history might be flawed in its assumptions and conclusions.  

  Literally 85% of the complaints posted on r/philosophy against panpsychism are based in some misinterpretation or another.   
I'll summarize his 2 objections and give my rebuttal:

1. How could the smaller consciousnesses of atoms etc combine into larger ones?
2. How can smaller conscious objects (atoms etc) be conscious without a subjective experience?

In the latest and best writings on panpsychism consciousness is described as an emergent property. This means that the macro effects are different from the micro structure which creates those effects. So consciousness only arises through a sufficiently large enough number of connected information processing cells, bits, etc. Consciousness is present in lower levels of organization only as a latent property which can only emerge given the proper structure. 

So it is a misunderstanding to say that there are separate consciousness at the low level and that these somehow combine. The smaller objects, beings, etc might be "conscious" in that they possess the latent properties necessary for consciousness, but we don't know if they have a subjective experience like our own. It could be that they have a subjective experience very different from our own, at a much lower level. It could be very different from what we understand to be the subjective experience. A much more complex organism could be so advanced we might not seem conscious in comparison to it. 

The most likely is that there is a progression of quality in conscious experience from the most complex down to the minimum threshold for it to emerge (if there is such). The more complex the organism, the more developed the consciousness and the deeper the subjective experience. Simple matter is drastically less complex than a living cell and if it does have a conscious experience it is proportionally as simple in its subjectivity (perhaps not possessing it at all, only possessing a latent property that can be expressed through combination).
I like the objections raised, but I want to draw attention to a particular passage which is made from a position of ignorance. 

"For, so far as our evidence goes, it is a highly localised phenomenon that is specific not only to brains but to particular states of brains"

This leaves out a lot of evidence of the contrary. I understand that awareness of these studies is low. But there is strong evidence that brain states are not necessary for conscious awareness in the NDE research. I find that every philosopher needs to look at this and listen to the researchers who performed research in this direction in the past 15 years. We learned a lot, do yourself a favor and go to the International Association for Near Death Studies and read up on [the research](http://iands.org/research/publications/journal-of-near-death-studies.html). 

There is a lot of secondary evidence that consciousness is not directly linked to brain activity, also still in need of a sufficient explanation. For example [psychobilin research](http://www.pnas.org/content/109/6/2138.abstract) is extremely interesting, in that it shows diminishing activity corresponding to higher awareness. There are the [Ganzfeld experiments](http://www.tcm.phy.cam.ac.uk/~bdj10/psi/delanoy/node2.html), that provide strong evidence that conscious influence reaches beyond the brain into the physical world. Pretending that these things don't exist, or are sufficiently 'debunked' is simply being intelectually dishonest.

I think it is extremely counterproductive to continue in the vein of thinking that the (human) brain is the only place we are, intelectually and scholarly, allowed to look for consciousness. Pass that stage and familiarize yourself with researchers who actively try to study the influence of mind outside of the brain, in the physical world. And then come up with an idea as to how this is supposed to work. Pick up [Conscious Universe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_x_Z9KXQ3nE) by Dean Radin for example, at least try to know what you're dismissing.
With respect, P&C, a lot of these folks are not going to take a long, hard, look at Dean Radin's stuff. As much as I appreciate it and believe it is relevant - a lot of these readers will automatically dismiss it as "woo" stuff - whatever that really means.  If someone had tried to explain superposition or the double-slit experiment to one of the 19th century's most eminent scientists - they would've HOWLED WOO-WOO.  Not dis-similar to today.  The problem, of course, is that it's not Woo. Radin's work will ultimately be recognized for what it is - the truth. Let them howl. They're wrong again. In the end it won't matter. 
[removed]
> Physics doesn’t say what an electron, or any other basic particle, is like in itself, intrinsically. And, arguably, it never could, since its conceptual resources – mathematical concepts, together with the concepts of causation and spatiotemporal position – are suitable only for describing structures and processes, not intrinsic qualities. 

This type of position has a name in philosophy already. It is called *Instrumentalism.*     
Dennett claims that consciousness is an illusion - that it is some sort of byproduct of electrochemical processes in the brain. It is somehow ancillary to the functioning animal brain that evolved over time to survive and procreate. Only.

The problem is that an illusion requires an observer. Who or what is this observer? Daniel Dennetts' meat puppet that survives in order to procreate? That by definition has no real free will?  No, this observer is awareness - I'd italicize the word if I could!  By his definition, our animal brain only reacts (italicized) in order to survive - No free will. Yet my experience tells me every day that I have free will and that I make mistakes because of it. By his definition, the animal brain would not make mistakes. It might not survive because of local circumstances, but it would not be a "mistake" because there is no free will involved. I guess it would just be luck? Kismet? 

I reject Dennetts' position utterly - because of my own experience.  There is an observer, an awareness, in all of us. Something that has yet to be explained, may never be explained, but is there. It observes us observing ourselves and it is internal in all of us. It tells us when we are doing right or wrong and it gives us our free will. I'm not calling it God, or the soul, or whatever. I don't know what it is - but it's there. Consciousness is NOT an illusion. Just ask yourself - am I really aware?  You are!  Suck on a lemon, Daniel. You're wrong and deep down you know it - or more likely, you HOPE you're wrong! Don't worry. You are!
Xo Brothers and Sisters! 
I would like to point out that without consciousness, there is effectively no universe. While we can imagine a universe that persists without the knowing of it, no one has ever or could ever be there to know it. Thus all that is is within consciousness, more apparently so when we do not reference back to thoughts that suggest otherwise. If we are going to speak about consciousness and actually care about the truth of it then we must get to know ourselves AS consciousness and not as the person that appears in front of it (you). Indeed, when our conscious attention rests back upon the formless source of consciousness itself, attention no longer caters to mind and there is silence. This is how we can better know consciousness AS consciousness. (Check it out now for a few seconds) Do not be fooled in thinking that knowledge worth knowing exists only in words.
me at 15: *The entirety of all things can be synonymous with consciousness and the independent discovery of monism*

me at 16: *Consciousness as a description is redundant and fanciful*

me today: *We are still talking about this?*
[removed]
[removed]
The first is the famous ‘hard problem’ of consciousness. How does the brain produce conscious experience?
I think the brain expresses consciousness and does not itself produce it.  The ego portion of expressed consciousness is a by product of the individual.  But is it real or the promulgation of misunderstanding?
Casting consciousness as illusion threatens the integrity of our physical models of the universe. The author distinguishes between representational senses and inner senses as a way to maintain a sort of dualism:

>As well as senses for representing the external world, we have a sort of inner sense, which represents aspects of our own brain activity. And this inner sense gives us a very special perspective on our brain states, creating the impression that they have intrinsic phenomenal qualities that are quite different from all physical properties.

What is the distinction between senses for representing the external world and inner senses? From an idealist / subjectivist standpoint any sense we *have* or *undergo* is *qualia*, totally experiential and unavailable to our subjective model of the universe if it were otherwise.

As far as I can see, all senses whether representational in the strict sense or not (vision as representing something that is *not-me* vs vision as an experience that is *mine*) are still *internal* subjective phenomena. Casting consciousness, subjective experience or qualia as an illusion throws the whole physical universe as we know it into doubt -- not just our consciousness of it -- because the entire universe as we know it exists *inside* and *for* personal consciousness.

If being *conscious* of our world is an illusion, why is the world itself not an illusion?
Couldn't both of the problems with panpsychism presented by the author be addressed by [how entanglement appears to be working](https://www.sciencenews.org/blog/context/new-einstein-equation-wormholes-quantum-gravity), under the banner of ER=EPR? If the systems are entangled you have a subjective system (a small entangled group of complexity) and an objective system (everything else).
[removed]
Obligatory neural science.

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=FDELBFSeqQs
What a lame article. He fails to mention Tononi's _phi_ and Integrated Information Theory and poses as someone qualified to  refute stuff.
Great dialogue. 
The dialogue is also available as a text here: http://www.dikam.auth.gr/sites/default/files/attachements/1.%20On%20the%20Nature%20of%20the%20Mind.pdf

Naturally the Mind-Body Problem remains unresolved.
I honestly wish more papers were written in a more unorthodox style like this.
Thank you for your reply. It would help if I watched the video. Your comment increases my curiosity to watch it
[removed]
This has never been a problem in non dualistic philosophy.  Are some folks imagining problems so that they can come up for solutions for it so they can empower the self with imagined knowledge? Sounds like an insight dis-ease to me.  
[Here's the direct link to the article.](http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s13164-015-0282-z)
As usual, take whatever is said in one of these videos with a grain of salt; every one of these I've seen is often misleading and sometimes just plain wrong.
More fun is this:

1) Sherlock Holmes is married to Watson.

2) Sherlock Holmes lives at 221B Baker Street.

3) Sherlock Holmes has a mole on his left shoulder.

4) Sherlock Holmes was created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.

Which of these are true, and which are false? Remember that none of them are nonsensical, and the law of the excluded middle.
Maybe it should now be 'I experience therefore I am!'
Here's a youtube link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chsQgUkLoys
I definitely love Hacker's reply to Chalmer's example of what-it's-like to be something, but isn't Hacker narrowing down language *to* experience? We definitely might have qualia, but I can also imagine that the qualia we're having can't be put into words. Surely, the actual content of experience drops out as irrelevant when we use language, but that doesn't mean there is no content of experience. Should Chalmers instead say there is something that it's like to be something except it's tremendously difficult to put into words and therefore, say, use it as a metaphor for actual experience? 
Is the video released somewhere else? That player is absolute garbage.
It's your body collecting outside stimuli and applying that information to your central nervous system for future reference
**Summary:**
"This video will rock your world! You should watch it." This pithy little argument contains an implicit premise: "If a video will rock your world, you should watch it". In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Kelley Schiffman](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/kelley-schiffman) (Yale University) will go over how to identify implicit premises in all sorts of arguments and discuss when it is and is not acceptable to leave a premise implicit.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi
This is what Aristotle describes as an enthymeme, right?


This reminds me of David Lewis' work on [Convention](http://www.princeton.edu/~harman/Courses/PHI534-2012-13/Nov26/lewis-convention1.pdf), and Robert Stalnaker's work on [Presuppositions](http://www.princeton.edu/~harman/Courses/PHI534-2012-13/Lepore/stalnaker74.pdf). 


Suppose there's a crowd of 100 people at a town hall meeting. There are things that they all agree about and on other things they disagree. The agreements are where they share conventional coordination. The disagreements are competing conventions ... or controversies. A single dissenter might be seen as a convention-of-one but that semantics might not say much in Lewisian terms. It's sufficient to say that if one person truthfully dissents then that qualifies as establishing a controversy. A controversial implicit premise ... should have been included with the explicit premises.

The problem is in practice sometimes minority dissent gets dismissed. "No one listens to them," they'll say. But it is those who discredit truthful accounts that should not be listened to. :\

EDIT:
Regarding obviousness, it's a similar arrangement. For both the criteria of implicit premise validity (non-controversy and obviousness) the threshold of truth seems to be assessing (something like) 'acceptance' at multiple levels. We could argue that if (individually) 99 out of 100 people see something but 1 person does not, it should still be considered 'obvious' (at large). Unfortunately for that one person who didn't see it, the implicit premise was not obvious enough. I guess there could be degrees of obviousness. If not, then what's the threshold of 'obvious' by convention? Even the answer suffers from controversy due to a variety of approaches. Is the answer bivalent or paraconsistent in truth? What kind of pragmatic account is at work? 
> would you consider the robotic replica, which matches the actions and behaviors of your spouse, as equivalent to your spouse?

Is it possible to reliably predict what a conscious mind will do without using conscious minds? Obviously to some extent -- it doesn't take consciousness to predict that someone who has been unable to eat for several days will attempt to eat; we can predict greater crime rates for populations with greater poverty and worse education; I might be able to build a robot that's a convincing replica of a person so long as you don't interact with it for more than a minute. But when you ask for more predictions and more accurate predictions, it's far from clear that you can do it without a consciousness involved.

As for equivalence -- no, but that's because you were imprecise. If a powerful vampire read your spouse's mind and glamoured themselves, and then with their acting abilities tried to step in as your spouse, they wouldn't be equivalent to your spouse. They have different motivations. The vampire might be driven to seek blood at night, for instance, even if they suppress the urge. They might pretend to be less capable of certain tasks, or have to work especially hard to mimic skills that your spouse finds trivial. They will have to lie sometimes when your spouse could make the same report honestly -- and I, at least, value honesty in those close to me. It's like styling tofu to look like a cheeseburger and claiming that they're the same thing.

So at least some possible ways to replace a person with an apparent replica of that person are decidedly not equivalent.

The other part of it is consent. Replacing a person with a replica against their will and without their knowledge is at best equivalent to murdering a person, reviving them, and erasing their memory of the experience (and erasing memories is a little like murder).

But if it were a replica that were designed to be as close to identical to the original as possible, and technology allowed it to be more precise than anyone could distinguish, then I'd trip over myself to have that done to me. I wouldn't be able to sign fast enough.
As far as the robot wife thing goes perhaps we should consider it a different way. 

If your wife was kidnapped and replaced by the robotic replica and you couldn't tell the difference, then wouldn't that imply that the robot has all the relevant causal properties to be considered a person? the fact that in at least some sense it is not the **same** person doesn't mean that it isn't a person at all.

If the above scenario happened and you found out about it you would be understandably very upset, there are important differences between the two entities. this doesn't imply that they can't both have minds.

Dennet's point is that "anything that has the causal powers of a conscious mind is a conscious mind" not "anything that has the causal powers of a particular conscious mind is that particular conscious mind" so you can at least in theory have duplicate minds that are identical in form, but differ in history or other details relevant to personal identity, but which don't make it not a mind.
This is a pretty hilarious comment given that my SO and I have this discussion every couple of weeks.  He has MS degrees in AI and I have my share of Comp Sci degrees and we would like to both become immortal in Deep Mind (Google's super computer).  I have watched and read several refutations of Searle's arguments (many have been posted in this sub) and his conclusion / persistent refutation of systems argument etc. seem to come down to he does not believe AI can reproduce consciousness, nor can we define it.  Only computer science will eventually prove who will be right.  Ray Kurzweil, the guy behind Google AI at the moment, really is trying to recreate all brain functions through AI models.  It is important that this is being done via layers of modeling, levels of machine learning, replication of neuroscience research and not "formal programs" or "routines" or other forms of "computer programs" often referenced here.  If you want to explore this AI approach, perhaps you would be interested in Ray Kurzweil's explanation of it.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MG_nOddk01E , you can decide if you think AI can model / reproduce consciousness in the future.  Would this virtual consciousness be the same as current biological human consciousness? I would be happy to test it if someone gave me a replicant of my SO! (Also see the movie bladerunner ;)
>Now let’s assume you have been in a happy marriage for many years and have many shared experiences with your spouse. We take your spouse and map their brain and body and build a robot/cyborg replica that is able to match the control powers of their brain and physically are indistinguishable from your spouse. The robot even would have the memories of your spouse in its memory. This replica is so effective at producing the responses and reactions of your spouse that you are not able to distinguish between your spouse and the robot. Even though their external outputs are the same, would you consider the robotic replica, which matches the actions and behaviors of your spouse, as equivalent to your spouse? Would you consider your spouse and the robot as interchangeable? If not, then there must be something besides control powers of the brain that is significant to the identity and categorization of minds.

Let's say that I have a favorite knife which I have used for years and has great sentimental value to me. If I was handed an exact copy of that knife, it wouldn't hold the same value to me. 

As this example illustrates, a sentimental objection could hold for any object and has nothing to do with qualia.
Predation is important to the biodiversity of every species. Unless we fundamentally alter every aspect of the animals, completely against their will, mind you, a predator-free ecosystem would be untenable. This is taking the idea of ending suffering to an absurd degree.
For more on this (or to offload your arguments) see /r/wildanimalsuffering.
An ironic proposition from the most predatory species.
[removed]
Humans are the most predatory species, and I don't mean this in some pessimistic edgy way, just in terms of reality. Us stopping resource overuse and pollution would have a much greater influence than "phasing out" keystone species that have done FAR less ecological damage than we have.
as an environmental studies and psychology major, what the fuck did i just read.
Make lions eat tofu!

But what happens if we start viewing the tofu as sentient?
> Melvyn Bragg and guests discuss Zeno of Elea, a pre-Socratic philosopher from c490-430 BC whose paradoxes were described by Bertrand Russell as "immeasurably subtle and profound." The best known argue against motion, such as that of an arrow in flight which is at a series of different points but moving at none of them, or that of Achilles who, despite being the faster runner, will never catch up with a tortoise with a head start. Aristotle and Aquinas engaged with these, as did Russell, yet it is still debatable whether Zeno's Paradoxes have been resolved.
The main problem with Zeno's Paradox is that Zeno is assuming that th measured distance is objectively real.  Distance and length are not objectively real, they are imprinted by the mind onto the physical world. 
[deleted]
> Definition 1: The value w is a natural number that is approaching |N|.

This is likely ignorance on my part, but I'm not familiar with a definition of "approaching" that is independent of some index. (My training is mathematical, and I'm thinking about the definitions of convergence in topology.) Do you have something I could reference in regards to how you're using "approaching"?

I need some more information can you point me to a background website where I might read about some of the concepts needed to understand your post?  I am certainly interested. 
> Definition 1: The value w is a natural number that is approaching |N|.

This doesn't make any sense. Numbers don't "approach" things.
Would have been better unedited... Not sure why someone would bother to edit out certain bits.


I loved this video. I went on a YouTube adventure clicking through all of these talks and I learned so much 
This couldn't be more convenient, I'm currently reading Wittgenstein's Tractatus, and it is grand. Thank you! 
[removed]
Didn't know what to expect, I know very little about philisophy but I watched the whole thing. Super interesting!
[removed]
I guess it all comes down to how you word it.
Actual PDF 
https://www.gutenberg.org/files/5740/5740-pdf.pdf
I can reccommend watching the entire series, to be honest.
[deleted]
If consciousness creates reality what creates consciousness? It seems you're struggling with the idea of First Cause and manage to solve it by claiming First Cause is elsewhere. But this seems to be trying to solve the problem by shifting the reference frame and declaring success.
Great post and well explained. I'm no expert but I'll try and answer these questions in a thought out manner.

1. If we assume that consciousness is a natural phenomena of matter then you can describe it in terms of complex patterns. If our brains are made of very complex patterns that have the ability of perception then when you die those patterns stop functioning and change shape therefore losing consciousness. Consciousness and perception is in the present. For every moment in time you have perception but that perception stops when you die, your consciousness is not some unearthly entity that floats around waiting to jump into a new mind or body. It is simply a consequence or result of matter.

2. So you would assume that if all the matter in your brain was copied and made perfectly in another that your consciousness would transfer. Although it is possible that you would have the same behaviors and maybe even memories as before, that doesn't mean that a single entity of consciousness jumped from you old body to your new one. 
Just like right now your consciousness now is not the exact same is an instance ago. Your consciousness is just a result of perception so it changes in every moment. 

3. I agree that consciousness must create reality, however the extant of this could be very large. If we replace consciousness with perception, then we can make a statement that for there to be existence there must be matter/energy or something along those lines and there must also be something to perceive or experience that matter/energy etc. This however, doesn't  mean that when the tree falls in the forest and no one is around to hear it it doesn't make a sound. You and I are living proof that humans have the capability of perception, but you would probably agree that a dog does aswell, as so does a fish, and even an ant to some degree. Now it is possible that only life itself has the ability of perception, but maybe simple matter does too. This could mean that a single atoms has the property of perception, it just isn't near as complex or impactful as that of an ant. 
Basically what I'm saying is that maybe we can look at consciousness and perception as a basic law of the universe even on the atomic level rather than being a small coincidence that the universe created.
Even though Singer's argument is neither new nor complex, it is nevertheless profound. There is in fact a whole book of the Bible that is entirely focused on a good man suffering for no reason, so no one should pretend that this issue is not taken on by judeo-christian thought.

Singer takes one point, the fact that there is in the world suffering that does not originate from the actions of human beings and that, as such, cannot be explained by the use of free will, and affirms that, if there was such a thing as an omnipotent and benevolent God, He would not have created the world in such a way.

My best answer is as follows. What Singer does not do, and where he fails, is that he does not imagine his world without suffering, because it is to him obvious that a world without suffering is superior to a world with suffering. My contention, which is Leibniz's contention, is that world with suffering is superior to a world without suffering, because it provides us with occasions to do good. The rabbi in my hometown used to say "there are beggers so that we give them charity", which is just as saying "there is suffering so that we may alleviate it". The perfect world of Peter Singer has free will but no way to exercise it in a meaningful fashion and, as such, is a worse world among possible worlds than this one.
This is also a chapter in his new book.
I find these arguments difficult to understand because it seems there are so many counter arguments. So, I should mention that I don't take the following as proof of god or anything, but a disproof of the disproof (if that makes sense). 

So, what if we can only conceive of the good if the bad also exists? Maybe god thought that good was sooo good that he invented evil too. I mean we're conjecturing on the motivations of a being that supposedly created everything, so who knows. A related, but not exactly the same argument is: What if he doesn't think evil is bad, but merely a test of character? We might think that sucks, but who are we to question. Or maybe he invented free will because free will is a higher good than all evil that comes from it (the same could be said of consciousness: if we are not conscious of evil, is it evil?).

And all that's just off the top of my head. My religious views probably include a (non-judeo christian) Supreme Force or what have you, but even that aside this is kind of crap logic.
Singer's reasoning reminds one of a minimally programmed robot.
Nothing new or interesting here. 
If Leibniz is correct and we are indeed living in the best of all possible worlds that God could create, then this must be Heaven. ;)
Why is suffering considered evil/bad? Why is good/no suffering better?

Singer's rehashed argument makes this assumption. Is it not possible neither are good nor evil? What does the atom care if it is in a system under duress? 
I would argue that *we* could not exist without Evil in our universe.  We need it in order to balance the infinite Love of our Infinite Creator.

But I'm also of the opinion that the God in le holy bible is a fictional character.
The example of suffering or evil is not disproof of benevolence, but rather doubt of omnipotence.

Vincent Bugliosi put the same argument as "God cannot make up for what God is done". But that is incorrect. If God is omnipotent, he absolutely can. The fact that there might be a power, a perception of the world out there which totally uproots your former misgivings, assuages all doubt and grievances, and makes all previously experienced "suffering" null, is part of omnipotence. Since Christians believe in omnipotence, the "problem of evil" does not affect their God.

The question of whether you can imagine such a power or state is quite irrelevant. And choosing to believe that your perception of reality and your grasp on the world--or powers of logic or whatever it may be--is perfect enough to justify your arbitration of God as not really God, is nothing but hubris. If God is omniscient, he clearly knows more than you. How can you suppose to judge if such a being is anything, without supposing your own omniscience? Complaints against God suppose one's own perfection in order to perfectly judge the world imperfect and perfectly conclude that God (perfection) does not exist. It is a contradiction. The argument does not work.
Plus, virgin birth?  More like rapist god.  
       That stuff is definitely just a bunch fables and fairytales  that are just injected into a very foggy, distant past...there is a bit of historic truth in most religious writings.  But thats just like the names of cities and some other little details that have nothing to do with dogma.  and some poor scared peasant girl being raped by someone claiming to be an "angel of god"....gross!  

    Cognitive dissonance people!  Its like stretching when your way out of shape..just breathe thru that shit..uncomfortable at first but so so worth it in the end.   Love ya
Yes, but the "hands off" 'god' of Buddhism is still OK (also called 'nirvana' its what you return to when you step-off the wheel of reincarnation)

and there's still the Buddhist "between-life" which is neither reward nor punishment and not our final destination. Its still part of "the illusion" 

But yeah the childish straw-man version of "god" who helps folks score a winning touchdowns is not really a thing.

If you wanna 'manifest' stuff you gotta work with your own beliefs and replace the limiting ones with more empowering ones.

Otherwise reality is only "happening to" you and not something you're "doing" (so you're 'playing the victim')
Thanks again to Professor Ehrenberg for joining us for an AMA. 

If you'd like to check out some of his work, you can see the intro chapter to his book available freely for the next couple weeks [here](http://www.oxfordscholarship.com/view/10.1093/acprof:oso/9780199677474.001.0001/acprof-9780199677474-chapter-1). You can order the book with a 30% discount from OUP: UK addressees can use the code ALAUTH16 and US addressees can use the code ALAUTHC4.

Some papers from Professor Ehrenberg:

A short Philosophy Compass overview of the use of functions in jurisprudence is at http://ssrn.com/abstract=2689292

A more detailed argument in favor of a neutral use of functions: http://ssrn.com/abstract=1359514

An argument that law is not (best considered) an essentially contested concept: http://ssrn.com/abstract=1876654

An argument that the possibility of anarchist officials creates difficulties for legal positivism: http://ssrn.com/abstract=1876651

Our next AMA will be by Professor Geoff Pynn (Northern Illinois University) on **Wednesday October 12**. See the full schedule (with three new AMAs) at the [general announcement post](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/4zph5n/fall_2016_rphilosophy_ama_series/).
What do you think of the jury system?
I see a great need for citizen participation in the trial process, but I also believe the average citizen is ill-equipped to be making such judgments. 
Wealthy participants in the legal system can afford more and better lawyers, which objectively allows for a higher likelihood of performing criminal activity and receiving less or no punishment. Is there any meaningful, implementable way to change this?
It is often stated that ignorance of the law usually can't be used as a defense (albeit due to practical reasons, i.e. anyone can claim ignorance of law to "get away" with a crime), but given the abundance of laws (especially those that don't seem self-evident) and the lack of education on the part of the state to at least make those laws somewhat known (at least from where I am from), would you not say that incriminating a person of breaking such a law is immoral on the part of the state?
This AMA is being permanently archived by *The Winnower*, a publishing platform that offers traditional scholarly publishing tools to traditional *and* non-traditional scholarly outputs—because scholarly communication doesn’t just happen in journals.

To cite this AMA please use: [https://doi.org/10.15200/winn.147489.97858](https://www.thewinnower.com/papers/5439-i-am-kenneth-ehrenberg-philosopher-of-law-at-alabama-ask-me-anything)

You can learn more and start contributing at [*thewinnower.com*](https://thewinnower.com)

Knowing what you know and no doubt having seen much and heard many others and given a "magic wand", what changes would you think best implemented in the US legal system?
Where does the power of the law come from, have there been significant detractors from Dworkin? 
Do you have any thoughts on the social contract theory in terms of the Hobbesian tradition?
Is the US Constitution a "living, breathing" document with flexible meaning or should it be strictly interpreted only by the actual words written and other strict guidelines such as original intent?
I am a music student at the university of alabama! It's cool to see an ama from someone right across the street! My question is: what is your take on the Brock Turner case? Should he gave gotten off as light as he did?
Ben Franklin said "laws without morals are in vain," but where should society draw the line at "legislating morality?" 
The law, an old decanter that has had it contents dumped and refilled several times as a result of the whims of it owners. 
Is there morality in the law, or is the law just a way to maintain order?
Is it a tool or is it a societal phenomenon?
Tell me more about your book? would i need extensive philosophical knowledge to comprehend it?
This question has bothered me since the 08 housing crisis. How moral/ethical are congressional bailouts?
Do you think that government agents have moral parity with non-government agents? Or do you think they exist on a different ('higher', 'lower') moral plane than the rest of us? 

Common example: Are the rules for when I can kill a non-government agent (self-defense, etc.) co-extensive with when I may kill a government agent? Most seem to think the rules are more restrictive vis-a-vis government agents. 
No question here; I just wanted to thank you for your awesome Justifying Legal Authority course 4 years ago. It really opened my eyes to the field in general, and I still read philosophy in my spare time for fun. Keep being awesome!
How bout them Vols?
What, in your mind, is the central thesis of legal positivism? 

Is it, as Gardner argues, that legal validity is about sources and not merits or, rather, is it about norms being derived from social facts? 
I feel that morals and laws are not associated anymore. 

Morals are unwritten; good versus evil, right versus wrong. Personally my morals are majorly based on the Bible. As an Alabama, Bible Belt, Southern Baptist, my upbringing was filled with the Beatitudes.  

Laws are written. They are posted. Laws seem cold and matter of fact. The biggest fear of breaking the law is getting caught. I would say a majority of people in the US break the law everyday. Speeding, texting and driving, drinking and driving, jaywalking and those pesky laws that are so old they are obsolete. 

I feel the difference is:

Moral - Do unto others as you would have them do to you. I do not want killed, raped, stolen from, treated with disrespect. Love one another, give respect, help your fellow man out. 


Law - Killing is illegal and comes with a sentence in prison. Killing, depending on factors, can be a few years or death. You have years before trial, you can make a plea bargain, you can turn states evidence on a different crime, the options of getting away with murder is vast if you even get caught. 

How do you see the fracturing of Morals and Law affecting the country? 
Having grown up in Alabama my whole life, I never thought much of UA. Now that I'm planning on applying to law schools, I'm considering it a lot more.  Do you think the law school is good, and for students that attend, are their job prospects good?
Do you have any strong views about reforming criminal justice through increasing transparency all along the process?  Any views on the work of Alasdair MacIntyre? (I studied with him)
What is the worst case of racism you have personally seen in the field of law?
What are your thoughts on podcasts like Serial & Undisclosed and the attention that they bring to problems in the judicial system? 
should the principle of double jeopardy be abolished? (As many corporations and wealthy people take advantage of it) 
What do you think the practical implications of legal philosophy are? What particular legal issues does your work relate to? (For the latter, I'm thinking of things that are current societal issues)
Did you happen to watch the recent HBO limited series, "The Night of"? I'm not too familiar with the U.S. judicial system but that show painted a pretty murky picture of the types of moral decisions faced by all those involved in the court system. In the end, I was left feeling that there has to be a better way to achieve justice and truth in an ethical, effective manner. Of course, this is just a TV show, so I'm not sure how accurately it reflects reality. But my question is, do you think there are any models of law that would be better than what we have in the U.S.? Maybe from a different country/culture/time period?
Does the existence of law negate the concept of being post-history?
I took courses covering similar material from Wendy Gunther-Canada, Adamu Shauku, and Theodore Benditt at the University of Alabama at Birmingham (and am now actually seeking admission at UA law) are you familiar with any of them?

If anyone is interested in this subject matter, I highly suggest jumping in. Super interesting stuff. 
I hope this isn't just bias, but it feels like Alabama State politics is well above average in the corruption / Good-ol-boy / nepotism / graft areas, and it doesn't seem like it has been improving. Do you see a path to it getting better in the future?
Do you agree with Plato's or Aristotle's definition of justice in the Republic and Politics respectively and why?
What are your thoughts on Presidential candidates promising to get Supreme Court Rulings reversed. (Clinton promising to reverse Citizens United, Trump promising to reverse Gay Marriage ruling). And what are the impacts if they actually did have the power to reverse these rulings? 
Congratulations on the publishing of your first book! After reading your introduction, I have a brief feeling for the philosophy expounded. 

I would like to ask: if you are a positivist rather than a "natural lawyer", do you still believe that law must be the product of some underlying agreement on the values of the institution? If such agreement is lost, upon what ground does the law ultimately derive it's authority? 

Bonus question: what is your opinion on the Black Lives Matter movement as a rejection of the current state of law and/or law enforcement?
Dear Prof. Ehrenberg,

How do you think political authority is justified? That is, what is it that makes governments and their edicts legitimate? Why, for example, can governments regulate what I eat, what I put in my body, with whom I can associate, or even tax me, etc., while other private citizens would be labeled as criminals and extortionists for doing the same thing? What is the best way to justify this moral asymmetry?

Thank you!

P.S., Who are your favorite philosophers?


Something I've been toying with: is the JD really necessary? I feel like if we broke the law down into its practice areas (criminal, constitutional, tax, etc.) and issued licenses for each practice area rather than requiring an expensive three-year education, we'd lower the financial barrier to entry and solve some of the "as much justice as you can afford" issues. As someone who couldn't justify the cost of law school but just argued on FIRE's Facebook page until 3 a.m., I have my own biases, so I'd love to hear from someone who might be more objective.
You have said in your answers that you are a positivist, but you have also said you agree that much of the law has a moral component. You seem to want a sort of hybrid account, but I am hearing more waffling than a consistent account. Do you think that a judge should consider moral issues when making decisions, or do you think the stability that comes from a system of law that is more straightforwardly applied is ideal? 

Also, have you read Michelle Alexander's THE NEW JIM CROW? Do you think her assessment of the law is accurate? If so, how can this situation be ameliorated? 

Thank you for doing this AMA! 
I am a Software engineer major at the university of Mississippi state. I am in a class that discusses cyber law and policy. I just wanted to know your opinion on the Patriot act and Safe harbor. Basically, is it moral to have that much meta-data being analyzed of our own US citizens even if we just come in contact with a person on a government watch list even if it is for protection. Privacy of the US people vs Security. 
Are you familiar with Frederic Bastiat's short monograph [*The Law*](https://www.amazon.com/Law-Frederic-Bastiat/dp/1614270570), and, if so, what are your opinions on it?
I'm currently an undergrad student at the University of Alabama who's hoping to attend law school after graduation. So firstly: Roll Tide!

What made you decide to pursue this track of study? Is there anything that would make you suggest against it as a career choice for a student such as myself?
Do you think that there is an analogy between philosophical thinking and legal reasoning?
Is Wells Fargo liable to pay for damages to its employees for performance based terminal during the fake account scandal? 
When will intersexed be an option on birth certificates for infants born in the USA?
What is your view/opinion of (Northern) European criminal justice systems, that somehow have very lenient punishment and quality single-person-cell prisons  *and* extremely low levels of crime (this all compared to the US).

Have they found the magic bullet and is the US completely mistaken in its approach? Or is it reverse causation? Something else altogether?
Hi! What are your thoughts of the ideas of spanish law teachers like Atienza and Aguiló? They are very popular here in latin América.
To what extent has determinism shaped our laws and understanding of responsibility? What implications does a deterministic understanding of the world have on responsibility, wrong doing, and jurisprudence?
What do you think about the term 'Philosopher'? How does one become a 'Philosopher' is a certain piece of paper required? Is it the way people reach put to this person? What do you think?
Who did more for the University- Bear Bryant or Nick Saban?
Hi Kenneth! 

I think a lot about [Rawls' veil of ignorance](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Veil_of_ignorance), as a way to determine what are the most ideal set of circumstances. I've been thinking pretty often that while there are certainly some things we'd all vote against from behind the veil (like slavery), there are also some things that, although we may not appreciate them from our current position in life, we would maybe still vote to keep as part of the law. An example would be the ability to hire an expensive lawyer if you're rich: from behind the veil, you don't know if you're going to be poor or rich. If you're poor but also guilty, the ability of rich people to hire expensive lawyers probably doesn't affect you. If you're rich and guilty, then hiring expensive lawyers works in your favor. So even though as a middle class person I think it's annoying with billionaires get off, if I had the chance to design the world without knowing my place in it, I might leave that feature in. 

Can you think of some other examples of things about the law/legal system that are unpopular but that we would be likely to leave in from behind the veil of ignorance?

Cool thread! Thanks for doing this Kenneth. 

A) Could a computer device ever be created to deterministically measure the legitimacy of authority?

B) At what point does legitimate authority grant someone the moral right to use violence against non-violent people? 
Hi Prof Ehrenberg,

I've got a question about the judicial system's role as a mechanism for accountability. In the field I work in (social conventions) there is a debate about the role of accountability for social norms, and for my dissertation I latched onto the legal example to try and show how unsettled standards of accountability are. I wanted to know whether you agree that these standards are somewhat up in the air, whether you think this is something a judicial system should address, and could tell me what mechanisms judicial systems have or might have in order to make sure that sentences match up to a standard of accountability and how to choose the standard in question.

There has recently been a lot of media attention to cases where some individuals who are undoubtedly guilty of some crime manage to use the greater resources available to them to receive what is by most standards very lenient sentencing. Ethan Couch is the best known case, and there are many others. [This one in New Zealand](http://m.nzherald.co.nz/nz/news/article.cfm?c_id=1&objectid=11638626) is the clearest I know of, where bored rich teenagers went on a months-long burglary spree just for kicks and ended up with very lenient sentences. What is nice about this example is the judge citing the extraordinary support the criminals received. Let's try and bracket the large difficulties regarding what an appropriate sentence would be in these cases (many of these cases involve young first offenders, popular outcry often demands far higher sentences than is effective or proportionate especially when fanned by the media, etc.), and also bracket the cases where certain classes of convicts receive notably more onerous sentences (often because of a public outcry or vilification of some acts or the class of convict involved), and just concentrate on the fact that often enough sentences for certain classes of convicts can be noticeably more lenient with a resulting outcry about those convicts not being held sufficiently accountable.

Another interesting example, one that isn't perhaps as pernicious as the well-heeled coming off lightly, is how in Australia certain aboriginals who are convicted of certain crimes are given more lenient sentences because of the recognition that their aboriginal communities will exact punishment of their own after the convict served the sentence received in court. This seems to be an acknowledgement that for a certain segment of the population the court isn't the sole venue for accountability and that the legal system should make allowance for popular standards of accountability.

Thanks in advance!
If we postulate that there is no God and humans created laws then how can we justify any judgment on our natural behaviour/instincts?

Eg: if a husband kills his wives lover to protect his territory, family and to pass on his genes as is one of our primal behaviours ( proof = complex dating and mating rituals) can laws we made fairly punish him for what can almost be expected?

From what we know of our history I can confidently say that the above is what has been most common throughout our short history. Therefor to forgive would be almost an evolutionary step meaning that to punish the man for killing his wives lover would be to punish him for being less evolved. Is this just or our own new survival of the fittest by killing of undesirables?

Opinion?
How long do you think it will take before Alabama decides to get it's head out of its own butt and legalize medical marijuana? 
So much money that could have go into education is going to Football  .. what is your personal view on this issue. 

WAR EAGLE!
Is there any evidence real or philosophical that Adversarial Court Systems like Great Britain and the US (prosecutor vs defendant) come to more accurate results than modern Inquisitorial Systems (court investigation) like France?
What is 'Justice'?
Isn't justice subjective? Justice in the eyes of a terrorist is not the same as in the eyes of some lawyer, is it? How did it get objective? Why is the X one the right one?
Can you talk a little bit about how the Article III standing requirement would effectively block any suits to force the Senate to advise and consent (pursuant to Article II, section ii) on Judge Garland's nomination? Specifically I mean that the only person who would have standing to bring such a suit would be Judge Garland himself, who never in a million years would. Then there would be the whole Political Question doctrine to get around.

Cheers.
Wil you be appearing on any podcasts to talk about this book? 
If you were POTUS whom would you nominate for the Supreme Court? 
I recently represented myself in a family law issue. Im a paralegal per my states Bus and Prof. code so I kinda had an understanding to the process. My ex girlfriend moved out of state without any consent. She was represented by an attorney. I was able to cite cases and prove custodial interference. The judge insulted me and said that I used legal aid and whatnot with her bailiff standing over me in an attempt to intimidate me. I had precedence that was in point but was basically laughed at and watched as they basically took my son away. I was given small bits of custody orders but she never followed orders. She moved back and now shes got ANOTHER boyfriend who she is nesting with telling me i cant see him and demanding supervised visits after i have made many unsupervised visits very recently. What should my new plan of attack ( legally) should be?
Do think that implementing automatic life sentences for crimes committed with firearms would help decrease the overall problem of gun violence in the US? What about automatic life sentences for rape and pedophilia?
Lol I just left campus a moment ago. Hey Ken, I am an engineering student at UA and I have a question regarding the local atmosphere on campus. Since I have been a student here I have never felt particularly taken care of. It has always seemed to me that it is in the schools interest to take on more and more students and disregard the ones that it has. My personal experience ranges from skyrocketed book prices, being overcharged for classes and labs, and most of all not being able to take the class I need due to under staffing. I will be here approximately an entire fifth year for this very reason. Now I'm aware that people often use the Greek system as a scapegoat, but to me it seems that the power they hold in not only student government, but also in higher places within the school is dominating money and attention. Even as a member of the 70% non Greek school populous, I still feel as though what I need from this school is not being given and I have no outlet to change it through proper channels. I guess my question is what is our student body to do to address these issues given that we don't have a collective organized body or sway? My family will spend nearly 20 grand extra just in order that I can stay the extra year when this should never have happened. What are me and the students unlucky enough to afford such over or undersight within the school to do, in order to make this a better place for us all? I'm asking as a struggling student to a morally incentivized professor, what is my next step to correcting this? What can me and people like me do to change this school for the better? Thanks again. 
Why does the supreme court have so little representation from Southern Universities and in diversity in general (all Jewish or Catholic)? Is there any likelihood this will change in the coming years? 
Late to the party: 
 
What are your thoughts on "The Law" by Frederic Bastiat?
Why has the Critical Legal Studies movement ceased to exist? Aren't the observations of Duncan Kennedy concerning private law, for example, still of relevance today?
What would you say are some of the current hot topics in philosophy of law?
What school of thought do you fall in on philosophy of law, and why?
What are some thoughts and theories on the globalisation and decentralisation of legal systems (i.e. EU but also future developments/models/predictions), if there are any, a short summary and if you have any thoughs on the subject is sufficient. Also any good recommendations on reading materials on such thoughts.
What are your thoughts on restorative justice?
What do you think of Critical Legal Studies? Does the critique of rule of law as a myth hold water? 
How is HLA Hart seen in the profession today? My father studied under him at Oxford some time ago.

What's the current debate like on where law gets its authority from? (meaning what are the opposing camps and what do they believe)
I pulled a judges oath of office, here in Denver. it claimed allegience to the US constitution, the state constitution, and the Charter...

I know the Charter refers to the Corporate charter of the corporation of the state, city, and county.
 
it is in the Charter that all the codes, statutes, ordinances are.

knowing that only agents, or people acting as agents of the corporation, or people that agree to act  as an agent, have to follow a corporate charter.... think like this...only Wal-Mart employees have to follow Wal-Mart's charter.

knowing that law consists of many forms acting simulaneously, I.e. civil, criminal, and contract all acting at same time.

where are the documents that inform it's citizens...of this corporate charter that the judges adhere to....that they assume the people adhere to..

because of contract law always in effect...and since "citizens" not given...full disclosure, all documents linking one to the state only contain one signature(yours), and no meeting of the minds and no equal consideration, no witnesses...

is it a fair and valid argument in your mind to contest that I or any other "citizen" were never fully contracted with the corporations doing business as the United states, states, and counties?

how many people does it take to withdraw consent?....if government is given its legitimacy from the consent of the people...I say it only takes one.

when I go to court I always challenge jurisdiction, claim common law, and withdrawal consent, object to all and anything, and always represent myself, ask for facts evidence and witnesses that I am an agent of the state, and to prove any contracts between me and the corporations.

just to rehash my questions..
how many people does it take to withdraw consent, the same consent that give gov it's legitimacy to rule?

and where is the proof that the people are agents of the corporation, and bound by the Charter that the judge gives alligience to?
Not sure if this entirely on topic, but I'm curious about your time before becoming a professor. Did you spend much time after your JD in practice and if so what did you focus on? 

I'm a recent law grad and I'm honestly not sure if practice is the place for me. I enjoyed the academic side of things, and loved working on papers for publication or for professors. But practice so far has not excited me quite the same way. Granted super early in a career, but I'm curious about your transition from JD to professor. 
How can we create better equal opportunity legislation without coming of as paternalistic?

Edit:  I kind of assumed you find current legislation paternalistic where I should have asked if you felt that way and followed up.
I love Philosophy with all my heart but as a undergraduate history student I never fail to see the unwillingness of people to follow certain ideals or decisions that ultimately are for a greater good, being that said, my question is: do you think there is a way to convince people into the acts for a greater good? or think of a way that the corrupted system somehow avoids human interruption to work for a greater good? 
What do you think about our health care laws? Are they fine how they are, or do they need to change to bring the cost down to make it more affordable for people? If so, what needs to happen to accomplish that?
What's 2 ways you'd make the full faith and credit clause better? 
What do you think about the prospect of AI based legal assistance, such IBM's ROSS to level the playing field?  
If you could have the general public understand one thing about the law, what would it be?
What do you think the recent wiki leaks showing lawless behavior and the fbi and doj, deciding not to pursue criminal investigations has to say about where we are at and where we are heading concerning law in these cases of people being able to operate outside of what is conducted legal and illegal? 
This looks like a fascinating book!

I am curious as to your opinion on [poly-centric law](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polycentric_law), a form of law promoted by anti-statists and anarchists as a viable alternative to the centralized state-controlled and monopolized legal system that we currently use. I used to be a strong believer in this kind of approach to law, but I am beginning to have my doubts that such a decentralized law system would work, and would like to identify the best arguments pro and con for each side. It seems that there is very little solid scholarship on either way. Is poly-centric law considered a fringe theory that philosophers of law won't touch?
What is the realistic difference between "Probable cause" and "reasonable suspicion?"  I'm a new high school speech and debate coach and this is relevant for our current debate topic, but the distinctions seem arbitrary.  Both seem like subjective frameworks with very different ramifications. 
Can you perhaps recommend some good introductory books on the philosophy of law? Also, does the jury system improve the act of justice in any way as opposed to the continental system? Is it reasonable to expect untrained people to deliver an objective judgement in a complex matter? 
Can people with very different views on individual ethics come to agreement on many salient issues in legal morality? 
what sort of ethical issues are emerging in the legal field that require attention and action?  thanks!
Graduate from Alabama with a philosophy degree here, although I was going down the philosophy of mind side of things. 

That said, which philosopher in your department do you think you could take on in a debate?
How is the methodology of philosophy of law different from other branches of philosophy (namely, philosophy of mathematics or philosophy of science)?
What do you think of the jury system? I see a great need for citizen participation in the trial process, but I also believe the average citizen is ill-equipped to be making such judgments.
Do you think that in our current legal system it is correct to have 1 judge who makes a sentence vs having 3 or 5 judges deciding on the sentence. Would that make a difference in our legal system where we are found guilty by our peers but sentenced by our superiors? 
Private property (more specifically land and what is built on top of it) cannot exist without violence or the threat thereof. How do you justify the existence of private property? There had to be the first person to claim the unclaimed land. They could have claimed an unreasonably large territory, like all of Australia. It seems that it all comes down to "might makes right", e.g. whoever has the biggest stick gets to own the most & best land. Your thoughts?

If I own a piece of land, how much of the airspace above me should I control and how deeply down should it still my land? Why?

Dolphins and whales are pretty darn smart. They seem to speak in complete sentences and listen to one another without interruption. There are lots of things we are yet to discover about them. Should they have property rights? Other legal protection? If it turns out that a dolphin or Beluga whale or an Orca or a whale is able to speak a language and we learn how to decode it, should a testimony of such creature be considered as valid evidence in a human court? Should testimony of a human be valid evidence in a dolphin court?

How true is all the sovereign citizens theories on the law and their ability to manipulate it?  
Do you believe that the judicial system could be automated or standardized; although all encompassing, the arguments against could cite a lack of context and complexity that humans render, while the argument in favor could cite the lack of bias and simple human error?
Do you feel a philosophy undergraduate degree is a good basis for law school? Thats my current pathway and I'm not sure if I made the right choice.
Good morning Mr Ehrenberg

How do we decide if something is moral? Is there a specific set of guidelines that a concept has to adhere to qualify as moral? If not, how do we make that decision?

I am particularly interested in the context of voluntary euthanasia, how do we 'decide' whether or not this is a moral, or ethical procedure?
What do you think about the American Rule of attorneys fees. Should the loser of a lawsuit have to pay the costs of the winner? Does the current system provide an incentive to file frivolous lawsuits?
Love from Mobile, AL!
<3
I have two questions: 1) What do you think of the analytic/continental distinction in philosophy, especially as it pertains to your area of study, and 2) What do you think of 'anarchism' as a legitimate area of political inquiry?
Is the way we conceptualize what is a harm too rigid? Specifically with respect to harm in the context of environmental claims. 

It is my understanding that the originalist position has prevailed in the courts and the universe of possible harms is restricted to those conceivable by persons in a strictly individualistic sense. 

Thanks for the AMA!
I have a couple of questions if you don't mind? Is it possible for a person to die and pass on their debt to surviving family? Can a person fight that debt and not accept it as it is not theirs originally? 
What is your opinion on The Spirit of the Law?
what's your favourite law?
Do you believe that the human being has rights regardless the existence of laws and a legal system to enforce them? Do you believe the inverse premise based on your own studies?

Do you believe like Rousseau that the human beings are inherently righteous and "good", then corrupted by the society? That the laws are given to us by nature and regardless of our ability to write them, interpret them and defend them we're bound to them. Or do you believe in a more Machiavellian, humanity is composed by "beasts" that seek advantage of their peer weaknesses, so we must write as much as we can, and be as specific as possible?

Do you think that the "Leviathan" state model is still plausible? 

Don't you think it's time for a profound revision of the legal system through preventive oriented mechanisms that reflects people's need before corrective action is required? Or is the repressive, somewhat disproportionate system a reliable one?

Our perception of right and wrong mutates as fast as the human needs change. Fair and unfair suffer the same fate, as just and unjust does. Aren't we bound to criticize openly our behavior so we can better direct our actions towards the best option, without having to rule out every single one of the choices? 

Either from a iusnaturalistic or iusmaterialistic perspective, legal systems should exist to properly regulate human behavior. Aren't we over saturated with constitutional rights, laws, dispositions, decrees, rulings, international conventions, protocols? And yet we fail to reduce the core problems of our individuals and society?

Excuse for the long and somewhat confusing (because of my poor grammar construction, not for their complexity) set of questions. Anyone can answer, but it would be rather interesting if OP did. I wrote some very famous authors for the sake of the argument, to illustrate OP on the contrast I was seeking to create. Questions might lead the readers towards my personal beliefs, but contradicting answers are very welcome.

Apologies for any grammar mistake, English is not my native language.
I'm born and raised Filipino and had participated in several political activities in one of the towns here and have a more idea than an average Filipino knows in how politics works in this country. I even had to "participate" in corruption because if I won't sign a certain project they we're planning to take the matter in their own "hands", they won't approve any of my projects as well and quorum  can get them going anyway. I have never seen such positive change in my 26 years of living in this country. Drug laboratories inside national prisons, members of the senate revealed as drug protectors or drug lords. People were given change to surrender as drug lord/protector/dealer/users or corrupt officials were given time to right their wrongs. Those who cooperate were given chance but those who continue are either dead or nowhere to be found. What is your opinion about this?
-my apologies for the grammar as English is not my first language.
I have two burning questions:

1) What is needed to make the legal system less time consuming, less resource heavy, and just overall more efficient? 

2) Should supreme court judges be appointed or elected? Is there a perspective about this argument that people don't often consider?
what are your thoughts on the Delta Sigma Phi Chapter?
What should the topic of my Jurisprudence ULWR be?

From a 2L 
Tell me this, Leo from Alabama, why does the law books state that anyone, and I mean anyone can make a misdemeanor arrest. Was a law class during APOST and pointed this out and the teacher looked at this and said to us, "I hope the public does find this out."
Hello, just saw this AMA. I am late to the discussion, and my question is not 'serious' (it is a great subject for cocktail parties, though): if I am an atheist in a 'by the grace of god' monarchy, such as the UK (if I am not mistaken), is there any authority that binds me to the law? 
Who is your favorite in Auburn's philosophy department. 
If the burden of proof lies on the accuser, not the accused, should there really be any need to ever mount a defence?
Americans tell me the SCOTUS can't be sued.Isn't this an incentive for this body to go criminal eventually?
Hi Kenneth. I'm from the uk. Scotland to be more precise and as Scotland and England have different legal systems I thought I better clarify. Anyway as a person with an extensive criminal record from my youth I was wondering how you might tackle the problems faced by our courts system. In Scotland and of low income you are able to find fairly good lawyers that are paid by legal aid which originates from government purse. However! With a vast experience of the criminal side of our system here it seems to me like the quality of your lawyer is irrelevant because it becomes about who is more friendly with the prosecuting fiscal at the time. I have witnessed the fiscal making deals with lawyers to drop charges on accused A if the lawyer is willing to get accused B from a totally separate case and court to agree to pleading guilty for reduced sentence as it will be a hard case to prove guilt. It seems to me that there is far too much familiarity and friendship between defence and prosecution lawyers which in turn makes the cases more about who you know rather than what is the accepted truth. Do you think this is acceptable and if not how could it be challenged?
I guess you could say I'm new to philosophy... aside from being an avid thinker, the only experience I've had is occasionally looking though this subreddit. How could I, day to day, do more philosophical thinking? 
How do you ground the idea of The Good?
How can the individual ever match the power of the state and thus protect his/her natural liberties from being abused?
Do you say roll tide after the lecture is finished?
Does the bar association still serve a benevolent purpose? If they already have a high barrier of entry (the bar exam), why add the requirement in most states of a law degree? If someone is able to read the law and pass the bar, aren't they equally qualified to practice?
What are your thoughts on the use of jury nullification? From what I understand prosecutors and judges often try and dismiss jurors who mention it. Is it good/bad/indifferent? Why or why not?
What distinguishes living tree approaches to constitutionalism (e.g. Waluchow) from other 'living constitution' types if anything?

What is the difference between a law that a legal positivist considers people to have moral reasons not to follow and a natural law advocate's illegitimate/not-actually-a-law law, and does the difference matter?
What are your thoughts on "the conspiracy to..." during a sentencing? I mean, a person is already being charged for the crime, and then charged again for the conspiracy to implement the act? How does that even work? 

Thanks. 
what can you learn about your own language  by learning a second language 
Do you have any thoughts on Fredric Bastiat and his writings, such as "The Law". 
Why are victimless crimes, like smoking crack or having sex with a horse, illegal?
[removed]
This is very cool. I really enjoyed a Philosophy of Law class I took at Univ of Maryland but that was 15 years ago and all I can remember is discussing a lot of Judge Scalia's writings.
Currently a student at Bama, should I take a philosophy class?
Do you think our current legal system is fair? as someone who is less wealthy will recieve less legal help than someone who can afford better lawyers.
Who would win in a fight, Ronald Dworkin or H.L.A. Hart?
3L student here. What are some tips on ingesting law? How did you study it enough to become a Philosopher of Law?
If there is a reward for arrest for someone and the criminal gives the tip that leads to his own arrest, does he get the reward?
Are there any theories in the philosophy of law that explicitly base themselves on moral anti-realism. I'm assuming positivism isn't one of them.
How far does legal creep slide away from True Justice until a country completely implodes? By True Justice I speak of natural law. [ edited due to autocorrect]
In general, what do you believe is the best form of government? I'm personally a fan of the view that democracy is the best because it's the slowest moving government to make change, which is good because people are generally not smart enough to run a good government. 
What do you think about the light sentences police officers get for murdering unarmed civilians? Is there any way to change this?
I have a question regarding the concept of a "patent":

i want to start with a little background information - there was a loooong discussion about "who invented calculus? - Newton or Leibniz?"

&nbsp;

In the end, "we" concluded: **they invented it independently from each other.** Given, that pretty much everything in our modern world is using calculus, this was quite a big "invention" with nearly unpaired impact on humanity. (tesla had some big thinking as well...)

&nbsp;

I think with this example it is save to conclude: an invention/thought can emerge in more than one person simultaneously.

Now i seriously do not get our "patent-laws". 

How can any patent hold? Shouldn't every court rule "in doubt for the defendant"? In fact: it has to rule this way? How can you "prove" that someone did not have the idea?

&nbsp;

or is this "this is originally my thought/invention" just some "bullshit" argument and it doesn't have any effect in the patent-laws? You just get the patent if you rush to the office first, even if you stole the idea from someone else.

&nbsp;

i would rly like to know how this is handled.

i, myself, can't find any logical argument, that can hold place to defend a "patent" in **any** theoretical situation. 
What do you think of Tamanaha's argument that legal instrumentality threatens the rule of law? 

*edit: I'm not sure why this got downvoted-- it seems particularly relevant, given that the Professor's book is called The Functions of Law. 

Thank you for doing this.

What do you think about the morality and authority surrounding breaking of doctor-patient privilege in cases of psychological issues (drugs, alcohol, PTSD, cravings, tendencies, etc.) in cases of regulatory oversight. 

For example, if a doctor or nurse is accused of using drugs or excessive alcohol, is it acceptable for the medical regulatory body (under the power of law) to hold their license hostage if they do not sign consent forms allowing the regulator or a representative access their medical and psychological records to monitor if they are getting better.

In particular, I'm curious of your thoughts on the trade-off between public safety in monitoring their progress vs the reduction in effectiveness of treatment that monitoring creates. That is, professionals may not be open and honest with their doctors/therapists, whether intentional or not, because in the back of their mind "Big Brother" is listening in. Or, professionals may not seek help in the first place knowing that the information could find its way to the regulatory body.

I know regulatory bodies are not the same as law enforcement, but they are both enabled by legislation and act to enforce their rules, but are limited by what they are allowed to do under law, and their enforcement acts as a legal punishment such as removing the right to work in your field at great financial cost.

Thank you.

Why do philosophy PhDs think it's appropriate to call themselves philosophers?

A kid ruminating on the taste of crayons is not a philosopher.

A teenager writing angsty life poetry isn't a philosopher.

Aristotle was a philosopher. Leibniz was a philosopher.

"Philosopher" is a title bestowed by history, isn't it?
What are ur thoughts on a different approach to choosing the jury.. should that bench be chosen and picked or just randomly chosen, and like it or not, well, that's them... Randomly being key word there.. if that's even possibly.. is the "jury" not the last fair practice that our u.s. judicial system implicates? Seriously asking here.. it just seems like a system being taken advantage of by the folks with the means to do so at this point. 
[removed]
As a math student, everything in this post is true, but it's also pretty common knowledge among mathematicians, who will often define their field as being "the set of all things you can discover through reason alone". 

However, as Godel proved (and as people suspected long before then), it is impossible to build a sophisticated mathematical system (which would be a philosophical analogue to a reasonably complete view of the world) using pure reason. Instead, you must make assumptions and see where those assumptions will take you, building a different mathematical system for each set of assumptions. There is no universal truth that can be discovered through reason alone, and the consequences of this fact have been dealt with extensively by thinkers like Peirce, and many others.

In fact, a lot of modern mathematics deals with these assumptions, of searching for the minimal set of assumptions in order for certain properties to hold. And it is not hard to do similar analysis in the social sciences - by looking for the key distinctions that lead to different views of the world.
The whole is the false
Whenever I encounter Nozick's Machine I am reminded of the wisdom of the French Existentialist principles. As a human, it is better to satisfy the existential craving for *being* than it is to indulge in immediate hedonism. People are often willing to sacrifice hedonism entirely-- and by that I mean suffer, in order to *be* something. It is telling that many of the most prominent folklores demonstrate exactly that-- think of Jesus Christ on the cross, or the stand at Thermopylae, or a lot of popular Hollywood films, and so on. Time and time again throughout human history people swiftly give up everything in order to defend an idea, and thus *be* a person who defends that idea.
At the end of the video the author makes an argument against Hedonism with his second point being: "2. But is is better for us to do these things than to merely have the illusion of doing these things." I am not sure that this is a valid point because the meaning of "better" in not clearly defined. Suppose a person and his twin are separated at birth. The first twin lives out a life with many experiences in the real world. The second twin is kept in an Experience Machine but has the same mental experiences as the first twin feed into them by the machine. On the last hour of their lives at the age of ninety-five, the two twins meet face to face in an empty room. Can either one say that their identical experience was better than that of the other? 
**Summary:**
What makes our life go best? Is being happy all that matters? Is a life of blissful ignorance a good life? Or is there more to a good life than this? In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Richard Rowland](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/richard-rowland) (University of Oxford) discusses whether we should take the blue pill in 'hedonism and the experience machine’.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi
Turn the microphone gain down. 

First example makes no sense because ~~people are aware of the negative reprocussions of breaking a promise.~~ it proves hedonism works as a legitimate way to keep from pain; which is therefore better for us. 

You said "having a family,  and having children"  way too many times; its distracting and hard to listen to. 

Final concluding point has very weak grounds and backing.

Assume your audience is intellegent, but dont assume they are making the same parallels as you. 

Argument should be 
Claim>grounds>warrent>backing>conclusion>REBUTTAL. Toulmin was a smart one. Dont let me tell you why you're wrong, dispell counter arguments before they even occur. Your argument will be much stronger, more cohesive, much easier to pick up and agree with.(how you structure your agument is ultimately up to you but you have a toulmin argument currently that is incomplete,  just look at the youtube comments, they all have something to say because of these holes you left.)
A little unrelated, but I absolutely love how this was named the Tocqueville Project.
Hey! Currently a junior and I have a few questions :) 

1 - Do I have to be from the United States? 

2 - If yes, around the time the sessions will be starting, it will be summer break in my country. Do I still qualify? 

I'm not all that familiar with the registration process but I do have a heavy interest in Philosophy. I've only been living off of youtube videos and a few books to get me by >_>  
[deleted]
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
[removed]
I'd like to ask a question here. Subjectively I feel as if I do have free will. In other words there is an incommunicable qualia of free will. If someone punches me and I say "That hurts!" I've made a true statement that can't be denied as true from someone outside myself. Likewise, I've seen a lot of scientific studies that say free will does not objectively exist, but even if this were true, how can it deny my qualia from being true? Another problem I have is that all communicable objectivity is dependent on the agreement between minds that contain a subjective qualia. It seems ironic and perhaps contradictory that all the scientists denying free will exists have this qualia of free will. So if we are going to say only one truth exists it seems we are presupposing free will exists in order to disprove it, or denying that qualia matters for truth as such. Can someone help me on this?
This borders on misleading title.
I personally find it thought provoking to attempt to codify my own thoughts on free will by "working backwards" in some way; given a premise which don't seem overly objectionable:

   *Conscious Thought - and by extension free will I think - is not possible without a "brain." (In quotes cause I   really mean some sort of networked data-processing unit/some way of communicating information over space, IE neurons)

From here all I have to ask myself is whether I see any evidence or hold any belief that a roundworm has free will. (I personally don't but I'm open to the idea that it does....) A roundworm's nervous system is composed of roughly 300 neurons in a small network.

Taking that, free will, if it exists in more complex organisms and taking into account our previous premise that free will requires some kind of "brain", I feel the only explanation in such a case is that "free will" must be an emergent property of simply making a neuronal network more complicated.

Personally, the notion that some sort of spontaneous property would arise from such a system seems relatively baseless, but again, am open to differing interpretations. Making something more complex doesn't change it's fundamental nature. If it's functioning becomes more complex and arcane that doesn't necessarily mean it "takes on a life of it's own," which to me is what free will suggests.

And of course if we want to disagree on the premise then this whole discussion is moot.
I find a problem with the first experiment mentioned, it relies on subjects self-reporting the time they felt they had made the decision.  This would require them to look at the timepiece and then for the time to register in their mind.  Those who have studied psychology know that there is a larger delay then one might think.

As such the figure of 350 milliseconds is certainly off, if not entirely wrong.

Edit: I say psychology, because I first came across this fact in a psychology textbook.
> It should be noted that the concepts involved—“conscious intentions”, “voluntary decisions”, “free decisions”—have no clear and shared definition

This is true precisely because the concept of free will is overthought. 

Agree or disagree, but as a subject of philosophical debate it is long past its burial date.
> According to a long-standing philosophical tradition, if someone was not “free” when they did something, they cannot be held responsible for their deed

This is in a moral sense, with certain theories of punishment. It might still be appropriate from several perspectives to confine a person without free will who has transgressed, or to assay fines against them, etc. For instance, a dedicated killbot without free will -- it's perfectly reasonable to dismantle it.

> The third condition is the “responsiveness to reasons”: a decision can’t be free if it is the effect of a random choice, but it must be rationally motivated. If I roll a dice to decide whom to marry, my choice cannot be said to be free, even though I will freely choose to say “I do”.

Your decision to roll dice to choose a partner was free.

We can distinguish degrees of free will according to the impact that sources of randomness have on it. If there's a remote chance that temperature fluctuations cause me to choose the less preferred of two nearly equivalent options, my will isn't as free as it would be without that temperature fluctuation, but the difference is relatively minor. On the other hand, if my actions are entirely random 10% of the time, that's a large problem for my free will.

> button-pressing experiments

These show that, for very simple decisions, we're not good at judging when, precisely, we chose to make the decision. Some of the decisions involved were random, and others involved reaction times.

I first exercise my will to determine that I will do something under certain circumstances. Later, those circumstances occur and I do the thing. I've automated part of my will for more efficient reactions. That's awesome! But it's not really an argument against the existence of free will.

> Children who waited longer for the their rewards tended to have better life outcomes and accomplishments.

This suggests that whatever property enables some children to wait longer is consistently present throughout life, or something like that. That might be some part of their will that they're born with.

So there's a lot of interesting stuff in the article, but I don't think it really touches on free will.
First we have to understand the claim: "I have free will". To understand the claim you must define "free will" and "I". Let's define "I" as having "free will" if actions taken by an "I" are not entirely dependent on its inputs. If "I" is defined as my physical body including something akin to a random number generator in my brain (and part of the "I") then nobody would be able to argue that "I" does not have free will. However we could also define "I" as the "experiencer" of the qualia that arise from that same body's physical experiences. In this case we also have to ask if the "experiencer" can influence current or future actions of the body in a non-deterministic way - i.e. it has to be able to act in a way that is not entirely dependent on its experiences. This would be so if each quantum collapse presents consciousness with a set of choices that are acted on in a non-fully-deterministic way and if consciousness is the experiencer. The bottom line may be that brain experiments will reveal nothing and that we need a better understanding of consciousness.

I think there is another definition of free will that deals with whether your body has the ability to take actions based on inputs that are different from the actions taken by someone else having the exact same inputs. The "next level" is to ask the same question of truly identical twins (same bodies). However most people would stop short of two people with identical minds. This means we are really interested in the actions of the mind whether this equates to our consciousness or not and whether it is separable from the body.

If we don't frame our questions properly we can end up in very long fruitless discussions...
[removed]
"All these experiments seem to indicate that free will is an illusion."

No it doesn't. None of these experiments deal with decisions that are consciously made, so of course the conscious recollection is going to be funky.

Let me know when the high school kid makes a decision about what to major in in college without conscious thought and free will. Let me know when the researchers can put a neural cap on your head and figure out if you're willing to participate in their next research study.

EDIT: To clarify, since there seems some confusion: The experiments are along the lines of "Someone steps in front of your car. You slam on the brakes, but you're unable to determine correctly whether you thought about hitting the brakes before you hit them." From that they conclude "nobody thinks about where they're going while they're driving, it's all reflex."

Even if conscious decision is an illusion when you're talking about decisions based on time scales of tenths of seconds, you can't leap from that to thinking conscious decisions are an illusion when based on time scales of tens of weeks.

Also, ITT, philosophers getting all hung up on their definition of "free will" without actually reading the paper and seeing what the scientists actually mean by it, which has zero to do with deterministic vs non-deterministic.
I just went dyslexic for a second and thought it said Will ferrel.

TL;DR was really happy then disappointed.
>"how freedom is possible in a world ruled by physical determinism"

Since when was physical determinism proven?
If we define free will as a feature of an individual, don't we have to doubt the integrity of the individual if we are going to doubt free will? After all, if we are not actually in control, who (or what) is? It is our communal nature that enables our minds to subconsciously absorb behaviors, values, and thoughts from those around us, and while some of us are unable to recognize this process, many of us do. Of them, many are helpless against it, but some of us are not. Of them, some are extremely intelligent, able to establish routines and habits of their choosing that turn them into a person they want to be. 
[removed]
I don't understand the experimental setup that reports that the decision to do an act occurs before we are aware of it.
And the article never (that I see) addresses the exact experimental setup.

Isn't the reporting of the intent itself a conscious act, with its own intention and delays?

So which happens first, the decision to do the act or the decision to report it?

And what is the delay between the decision to report and the actual report?
[removed]
Why does this sub still allow this regurgitated horseshit? 

We know apriori that the laws of physics are either deterministic (everything points in this direction) which de facto eliminates the concept of free will *or* it is intrinsically stochastic, equally eliminating choice. So we can dismiss free will on this basis 100% unequivocally, yet this topic is the single most discussed here. Why? pathetic. 
Sure is hard to define alright. But lets try again. 
Radical Behaviorism has an incredibly empirical, deterministic, parsimonious account of human behavior.  The notion of Will is rather incoherent, and circular, in that it relies on concepts that are drawn from its conclusion.  I encourage those interested in the topic to read behaviorist journals.  There are decades and decades of research on this.
It was an interesting article, but I was a little lost on how you used the term "phenomenology." Are you using it to denote what Block calls phenomenal consciousness, or are you using it to refer to a philosophical approach (either of the Hegelian or Husserlian kind)?
In your experience, does awareness need something phenomenal in order to exist?
>we should not assume that they are independent realities, even if they intuitively seem to be

Thanks for writing the article.   This line begs the question - what is the limit?   If we have a human hooked up to a state of the art EEG, the only way we could correctly predict his subjective state is if we had already mapped the correlative neural networks through self reports.    Even when we develop a complete, live brain readout, the criteria/terminology in which the individual conveys subjective claims is still incommensurable with objective, 3rd person quantitative claims about neuronal behavior. 

So while they are two sides of the same coin and can be ever more accurately correlated, they certainly use incommensurable criteria/symbology in each of their domains at this point in history.   When you say 'even if they intuitively seem to be', I'm curious if you meant this epistemological separation between criteria is easily bridgeable.    I personally don't see how property dualism is going to ever be transcended, but I'm curious what you think.  Thanks
This is an amazing resource, however, the biggest let down is that it only links to the old translations of primary texts. There's actually a lot of more modern translations available for free online.

For example, here's Euthyphro translated by [Woods & Pack, 2007](http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=1023143), another translation by [Harold North Fowler, 1914](http://www.perseus.tufts.edu/hopper/text?doc=urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0059.tlg001.perseus-eng1), and another one by [William Arthur Heidel, 1902](https://archive.org/details/PlatosEuthyphroWithIntroductionAndNotesByWilliamArthurHeidel).

A good tip is to check the "external links" section of the Wikipedia article for a primary text -- there you can usually find links to additional translations. 
Thanks for them! I really love Plato's work and especially some of his books. 
Anyone who thinks that current philosophy of mind is somehow at odds with science and out of touch with scientific research should be directed to some of these papers, starting with the first Keynote by Fridland, which discusses the interplay between intellect and executive function in the execution of skilled performance.  
FYI: commenting is open until Friday (Sept 30th).
**Summary:**
In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Richard Holton](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/richard-holton) (MIT) discusses the classic philosophical problem of free will --- that is, the question of whether we human beings decide things for ourselves, or are forced to go one way or another. He distinguishes between two different worries. One worry is that the laws of physics, plus facts about the past over which we have no control, determine what we will do, and that means we're not free. Another worry is that because the laws and the past determine what we'll do, someone smart enough could know what we would do ahead of time, so we can't be free. He says the second worry is much worse than the first, but argues that the second doesn't follow from the first.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi
This reminds me of one of my favorite stories:  

Death: There was a merchant in Bagdad who sent his servant to market to buy provisions and in a little while the servant came back, white and trembling, and said, Master, just now when I ws in the marketplace I was jostled by a woman in the crowd and when I turned I saw it was Death that jostled me. She looked at me and made a threatening gesure, now, lend me your horse, and I will ride away from this city and avoid my fate. I will go to Samarra and there Death will not find me. The merchant lent him his horse, and the servant mounted it, and he dug his spurs in its flanks and as fast as the horse could gallop he went. Then the merchant went down to the marketplace and he saw me standing in the crowd and he came to me and said, Why did you make a threatening gesture to my servant when you saw him this morning? That was not a threatening gesture, I said, it was only a start of surprise. I was astonished ot see him in Bagdad, for I had an appointment with him tonight in Samarra. - The Appointment in Samarra as retold by W. Somerset Maugham, 1933
But if, as Einstein insisted, time is merely an illusion, then there is no problem. Foreknowledge isn't anything other than knowledge, and there is no timeline to interfere with.
I was kind of thinking about this last night when lying in bed. If my consciousness traveled back in time and inhabited a younger me (retaining all of my current memories of events yet to happen), I would effectively know my own future. But it's pretty pointless, because if I use that knowledge to alter an event, I'll no longer know what happens next. So I either hold on to knowledge that I cannot use, or give it up by using it once, taking a major gamble.
Just ask yourself, "Why am I here, in this comment section, did it just happened of itself or was it I who did it" 

It's very interesting.
ugh, this video is frustrating to me.

i would make a false prediction, no reason i need to stay inside his stupid thought bubble to play the game. i personally would know what will happen, even if all i could communicate was the wrong answer. in fact, this situation allows me to know that the prediction will be false, so i will know what the truth is, even if the observer of my signal won't.
The truth is that saying the universe is deterministic is an assumption only made by naturalists. It is foolish to assume that we can explain the entire universe along with conciousness in a detrrministic manner. 
What makes you think before you think is as elusive as pre big bang.
Why I feel all of it is defeated, example:

Someone could look at my history, look at the weather, my schedule, etc, andvsay " There is a high probability Stack of Eyeballs will go mountain biking today.

Ok, even that's just a maybe, but maybe a safe bet.

But no one, not even mhself, could know how the rocks on the bike path will be laying, or how I may react to any number of obsticles, or even if I will not crash.

Again, you could say, I might not crash, but that's built on pre knowledge, not foreknowledge.

There is no way for someone to have all of the nessicary information of the trail condition I'm riding only moments before I ride it. Rocks move all the time for all sorts of reasons, even randomly rolling in front of you, or an animal runs out in the path, etc

In this simple example, we see how impossible it is to have true foreknowledge of a stream of event's.

You could go deep, look at all past choices in regaurds to mountain biking and perhaps come up with an accurate prediction as to how the ride will go, but even then that is in only on a macro scale, ie I'll probably survive and probably have fun.
All the preinformation can not predict with certain knowledge how each and every corner will be taken, or any unexpected anything.

Even then that is nog foreknowledge, that's is generating a prediction based on exisiting past events to statistically base a prediction, which is by definition nothing but an educated guess.

As someone else mentioned, true foreknowledge would require time travel. Everything else is data based predictions.
If i can repeat the prediction every day, i'd figure out pretty soon that the light bulb would always do the opposite.
So i would identify it as a frustrator, and then frustrate the frustator myself.
This doesn't make much sense to me. In the given example, you do, in fact, know at 11:55 whether the light will be on or off at 12:00. It's just that you can not signal this knowledge in the way you are expected to. Asking a question then taking away one's ability to communicate the answer does not mean they do not know the answer.

The question is not whether you can predict the state of their light at 12:00 - it will simply be the opposite of the state of your light at 11:55. And you do know the state of your light at 11:55 - either you have free will and you get to choose the state of your light, or you don't have free will but given the state of the universe and infinite computing power you are able to predict whether you will turn it on. Either way, we're just back to the original question of free will and determinism - I don't see how  the thought experiement is supposed to help with the answer.
The issue here is not that I cannot know what the light bulb is going to do. In fact, I can tell you right now what the light bulb is going to do. The issue with this problem is that you have gagged me. You have prevented me from speaking clearly and fully. The full answer to this problem, is that I will turn my light bulb off, and your light will be on. Done. The fact that the answer is longer than one word, doesn't diminish the fact that I know the answer.

Edit: alternatively, if I know the exact mechanics of your light sensor and light switch, I could create a strobe light such that it would always be on when your light was on, and off when your light was off. (the internal switch happens only so fast, if I know the rate at which the switch occurs, I could program the strobe light to switch with that same frequency). 
Just smash the damn light bulb 
Here is my answer:

https://www.reddit.com/r/DebateReligion/comments/2q25c5/omniscience_and_omnipotence/
  Consider there was no such thing as "the future". Would that not imply free will? Are we even the same person from one moment to the next? If someone becomes suicidal, are they the same person who was eager to continue living? I believe we have partial free will, but are presently retarded by our body and physics. 

This is just food for thought. I don't really know anything.
I turn on my lightbulb **knowing** full well the other lightbulb will be off. Just because I'm only able to communicate the wrong answer to you with my lightbulb doesn't mean I didn't have foreknowledge of what would happen.

So it's not a good example, but I like the idea of a frustrator. It kind of makes me think of the quantum property where you can't query a system without manipulating its state. It touches on an important part of free will that is often dismissed, which is that you can't totally separate yourself from the world as an observer: your brain and the decisions it makes are part of that system. Even if all the decisions you make can be derived from some past state of the universe, it doesn't change the fact that they were your decisions.
Metaphysics just means, 'not real physics'. "Frustrators" are simply nothing more than signal inverters. The light bulb question is no different from the old 'I am lying' sentence. It simply takes whatever the current condition is and witches it. You're simply rigging the game in that case.

In REALITY, you can simply say that the condition of your test bulb does not actually represent your actual prediction. I'll turn the light on and so the light on the box will be off. This does nothing to impact free will either way.

I'm sorry, but this seems a lot like philosophers creating artificial problems to ponder.
You can do whatever you want, but someone already knows what that will be.
They should have Rick and Morty narrate one of these. 
Always a childish notion, but often entertaining, nonetheless. A small part of free will is having the choice to believe it does or does not exist.

For those who recognize having exercised their will, it's as real as science. The irony: in the face of such an obvious fact, to deny free will at all shows a will of its own.

Will is in any being that makes a choice, no matter how educated or ignorant of the matter being decided. The choice is always a choice.
One thing that often confuses people is that they are under the impression that a deterministic system is fated to behave a certain way *even if you showed it it's future*.     

This is not the case and we can illustrate that very simply:

Suppose you have a deterministic game playing machine, (an ordinary computer) that is also a learning machine, that can learn by watching videos of played games.      
Further suppose that the machine just lost a game that you videoed.         
If we went back in time before the game, and showed that machine the video of the game that it otherwise would have lost, then that (deterministic) machine would then ~~play~~ evaluate the game differently in what we would otherwise count as "the same situation" and might not lose.
Read this as is free wifi compatqble with foreknowledge 
This video is evidence to the triviality of contemporary philosophy of free will. 

One would need years of hard work to learn modern physics or mathematics, and yet philosophy of free will never gets more complicated than common sense simple arguments. 

philosophers may decorate these common sense arguments with endless amount of words and books and intricate jargon, and even worse, they will protect their turf ferociously against any non-professional philosopher who might accidentally dare to publish his own opinion, but the fact remains.

The most exciting contribution in one hundred years of philosophy on this subject is Frankfurt type examples, which one can grasp in one reading.

I suppose I might be missing something... but based on the criteria... I would be able ot predict what was in the box, I would even have been able to predict I was going to be asked to do the test.. and know how it worked. 

Doesnt that make it all very easy? I can turn the light on @ 11:55 and then @ 11:56 turn it off... and the light will be on at noon.

Am I missing something?
Being probably nerds you probably all are aware of this, but the Dune series has some great explorations of prescience and freewill, plus lasers and aliens etc.
This is a great analysis of free-will
I've always thought that perhaps our "ending" and even large life events may be determined, but the path we take to get there can vary based on free will. 
Interesting.
but if frustrator is of the light bulbs is run by predictable energy differences of the sensors, it makes no difference to me because I can pinpoint exactly what the outcome of the energy transferences are to get the light bulb prediction correctly if it's possible

eg one light bulb may turn off before 12:00, impossible prediction then, invalid
That's why we can't find out the meaning of life. (Except of 42 ;) ) If we would know the meaning of life we would be our own frustrators.
These illustrations are dumb....

First problem assumes deterministic,  yet we have quantum stuff we can't explain. 


All other presuppositions are now invalid. 

Also the frustrator is invalid because it changed the mechanism to just copy your prediction ....a prediction that can't be based on anything because of the hidden mechanism.   States that it gives you all knowledge to predict but ignores the fact that you don't have the knowledge of the mechanism. It proves free will.


Also,  to prove that the universe isn't purely natural,  explain where abstract ideas take space..  it takes no space because it isn't part of space or time., yet they are information to us. 
The tachyon murder.
I think fate or destiny is just as real as your ability to shape it.
[removed]
[removed]
For someone who would know: is Dennett attacking something that exists or just some spooky spectre of 'postmodernism?' 
Plato holds geometry up to be the shining example of truth because it seemed like there was only one way for geometry to be defined, the euclidean way. Now we know that there are alternative accounts that in important senses are irreconcilable, each giving a different correct answer depending on the axioms  one starts with.

A similar thing holds true for science, multiple theories can make the same predictions, while you can generally take Occam's razor to one or the other and say we ought to accept theory A over theory B because it is more parsimonious that doesn't mean theory A is more likely to be true.

Dennett acts as if science is a project where we are constantly and consistently approaching the asymptote of truth, a notion thoroughly destroyed by Kuhn. Despite this he goes on as though the progressive paradigms are more true rather than more useful and less false. 
>Again and again in science, yesterday's heresies have become today's new orthodoxies. No religion exhibits that pattern in its history. 

This is a false generalization though. Both the Catholic Church, and Tibetan Mahayana Buddhism, as two examples, accept the theory of evolution. I do agree that they *largely* avoid adopting heresies.
This is a complete strawmanning of Rorty and a caricature of postmodernism. No surprise it's from Daniel Dennett 
"Opinion is divided, but you entirely misunderstand the point of these disagreements if you suppose that they undercut claims such as the following:

Life first emerged on this planet more than three thousand million years ago.

The Holocaust happened during World War II.

Jack Ruby shot and killed Lee Harvey Oswald at 11:21 am, Dallas time, November 24, 1963.

These are truths about events that really happened. Their denials are falsehoods. No sane philosopher has ever thought otherwise, though in the heat of battle, they have sometimes made claims that could be so interpreted."

Actually, a very sane philosopher Bruno de Finetti would deny that these are truths. For De Finetti they would only be subjective probabilities.
I admire how Dennett presses the issue of "reflective science" and "truth of truth," not "Truth of Truth." I am worried, however, that he does not leave room for the benefit of the doubt. Science is, without question, our *least weak* tool to arrive at metaphysical truths. No matter how finely you sharpen that tool, it is still limited by its usage. Unless, and this is a big unless, we start to admit science is something more than the scientific method (although I fear this will bring about boring semantic word-play). Reason, I believe, is something which can transcend science and tackle perspectives such as postmodernism, where science cannot do so well. 
Professor Ehrenberg will be doing an AMA here on /r/philosophy **Monday September 26 at 12PM ET** - please see [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/53nwj3/ama_announcement_monday_926_12pm_et_kenneth_m/) where you can submit questions ahead of time, or join us Monday at 12PM in welcoming Prof. Ehrenberg to our community.

**ABSTRACT**:

> I examine the impact of the presence of anarchists among key legal officials upon the legal positivist theories of H.L.A. Hart and Joseph Raz. For purposes of this paper, an anarchist is one who believes that the law cannot successfully obligate or create reasons for action beyond prudential reasons, such as avoiding sanction. I show that both versions of positivism require key legal officials to endorse the law in some way, and that if a legal system can continue to exist and function when its key officials reject the reason-giving character of law, then we have a reason to re-examine and amend legal positivism.
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
Well I am certainly made uncomfortable by this title. I don't want to read it at all...and that's exactly why I should.
I'm curious if anyone actually practices true Humane Omnivorism as the author describes it here.

I've met plenty of vegans and vegetarians (including myself, full disclosure), and I've met people who will often try to eat "humane" meat, but I've never met anyone who is exclusively a Humane Omnivore. It seems much more impractical in practice than simply abstaining from meat or all animal products.

If there is anyone here who does this, I have a few practical questions for you

 * Do you always refuse all meat unless you can be sure it was slaughtered humanely?
 * Do you refuse other animal products that require the death of an animal unless you know that animal was raised humanely? I'm talking about things like gelatin, isinglass, bone char-bleached sugar, meat broths, fish paste, Caesar salad dressing, bacon flavored chips, etc.
 * Is there a reliable way to tell if it was, such as a label? I'm not aware of a good industry-wide label that means that an animal was raised and slaughtered without suffering.
 * Do you tell people who invite you over to dinner that you only eat humane meat? How does that work?
 * When invited to a wedding, do you select the vegetarian meal unless you have assurances the steak was raised humanely?
 * Do you only choose vegetarian meals on international flights?
 * Are you basically vegetarian or vegan, with a few exceptions?
Interesting article. 

If morality isn't something that the general population cares about, then it still makes sense to consider suffering from a health point of view. Suffering and poorly treated/fed animals leads to poorer nutrition, unfavourable ratios of omega 6:3, more need for antibiotics, etc. 

It's also interesting that people consider the lives that these animals could have had if we didn't kill them. Just a thought: these animals are being reared and raised (to then be killed) for consumption only. If we didn't demand meat for consumption, these animals would not exist in the numbers we have right now, and so we already only value their lives for what they can provide us. 

Edit: "If morality is" to "If morality isn't" 
Articles like the one posted always give weight to the loss of pleasure intrinsic in having fewer food choices, but they never seem to give weight to the pleasure derived from knowing that I'm not participating in something my ethical reasoning tells me is evil. 

As Kafka said while gazing at an animal: "Now I can look at you in peace; I don't eat you any more."
would you rather a.) be born already with an execution date and life your life in misery, confinement, anxiety, trauma and ultimately be killed to become a few peoples dinner? or; b.) not have been born at all? 
it seems pretty obvious to me mate. 
I accidentally posted this in /r/vegan before realising I was in the wrong subreddit.

That was a really fascinating read, thanks for bringing it to my attention.

I really liked this bit:

>Many philosophers have argued that death is a misfortune for an individual in direct proportion to the amount of good life it prevents the individual from having. But this implies that the worst death that an individual can suffer is immediately after beginning to exist. [...] On any plausible view about when we begin to exist, it is intuitively implausible that death immediately after  that is a greater misfortune for the individual at the time than, say, the death of a person at age twenty.

Having demonstrated so clearly, in my view, that measuring the amount of (good) life prevented by a death doesn't actually work in determining the wrongness of death, I'm really confused why he then holds on to this metric at all and includes it as one of his two independent factors:

>I have argued elsewhere that the extent to which death is a misfortune for an individual is a function primarily of two independent factors: (1) the amount of good life of which the individual is deprived by death and (2) the extent to which the individual at the time of death would have been psychologically connected to himself at those times in the future when the good things in his life would have occurred.

Why bother keeping the time factor at all, when you then need to discount it according to the value placed on the future existence? I'd argue that the *only* thing relevant to killing a being is the value that being places on its continued existence. Plus, keeping the time factor means you then need to introduce the Asymmetry to explain why killing is worse than failing to bring into existence. It seems to me that [John Harris' view on the wrongness of death](http://jme.bmj.com/content/29/1/10.full) is far simpler and makes more sense:

>I suggest there is only one thing wrong with dying and that is doing it when you don’t want to. 

I suppose I'll have to read McMahan's book to find out his reasoning.
I believe his major error is: "... humane rearing involves depriving animals of most of the life they might otherwise have...".

Because humans rear them for food, domesticated animals constitute the vast majority of of land vertebrates. The "life they might otherwise have" would never have existed for the vast majority of them if they didn't exist for the purpose of feeding humans.

In addition, animals in nature rarely die 'humane' deaths. They usually fall prey at early ages to starvation, disease and decidedly non-humane predation. Their lives are 'nasty, brutish, and short', mostly lived in constant terror of predators. The 'struggle for existence' is no mere trope.

I submit that a short happy life is superior to no life at all.


Great article! As someone who humanely raises rabbits for meat because of the negative implications of eating factory farmed meat I appreciate your cross examination more or less of the subject!
This article only produced a memory of my Father and Mother's simple life of gardening, domesticated animal raising for food and trade.  I recall coming home on leave and shooting a fat buck to add to their Fall larder.  They were very happy.

I cut up a downed tree for fire wood, and stacked it near the house. 

Morality of animal lives?  I can't work that into what they experienced.  They were thankful for their lives, and for the lives of the animals that supported them.  Nothing taken in vain. 
As far as general musing go, this is fine.  But a few counter-points immediately come to mind.

-Is time alive a good metric, or are novel experiences a good metric?  

-If so, what novel experience will a cow have over 25 years it that it won't in the first 3?  Perhaps farming life would be inhumanely boring for that long of a period.

-25 year old beef, or 8 year old chickens, or anything of the sort being referred to as a 'natural' lifespan is a bit ridiculous considering that injury, disease, and predation will put average longevity *much* lower.  Living a full natural life is completely unnatural.
How about the fact that it is completely unnecessary for sustaining life? That no animal has to be slaughtered "humanely" or other wise. There is no just way to kill a living creature to enjoy a few meals. Go vegan! But seriously, why aren't you? It is certainly one of the most terrible aspects of human history, that living creatures could be considered part of agriculture. The fact that every aspect of animal agriculture expresses a failing unsustainable food source has become self-evident in the age of information. Don't let this become the age of misinformation by ignoring the facts about the reality we all share. Animal agriculture contributes, but is not limited to, negative health effects (heart disease-the leading cause of death in countries consuming primarily animals), the environment (one the the leading causes of green house gas emissions in the form of methane, carbon dioxide, and nitrous oxide), unsustainable food source for increased populations (we grow crops to feed animals to feed humans smaller amounts of food than would otherwise be produced and consumed if we just fed humans the right plants to begin with), not to mention those who claim connection to the infinite beauty of the universe via spirituality, religion, or otherwise, while simultaneously consuming conscious beings, is not only fallacious, but delusional and misguided. Get cha minds right. Anyone who wishes to discuss transitioning to plant based lifestyle, the reality behind it, or those who posses the tenacious pretensions in defiance of truth, justice, and wholesomeness get at me. 
[deleted]
[removed]
I have reasoned that killing animals is only permissible/ ethical for three reasons: sustenance, safety, security.  We eat animals because they are a vital source of high quality protein. I agree with Ms. Grandin that we owe them a humane existence and a peaceful death. Safety, if I am attacked by an animal, I have a right to protect myself and fight back. Security, I have a right to proactively protect my living area.  That being said, we must respect wildlife and protect their habitat. And while we're at it, it would be a great idea to cut human population (by attrition) by 2/3.  
I would probably classify myself as a humane omnivore, but not his one. He goes ahead and says that a humane  omnivore gives animal suffering some lesser proportion of human suffering.  I don't see where he makes that leap from.  Animal suffering is not just the kill but also it's life to that point and id be surprised if any HOs didn't want to see  a reasonably good life for the animal.  I agree that the denial of a full life has some moral cost. 
>On any plausible view about when we begin to exist, it is intuitively implausible that death immediately after that is a greater misfortune for the individual at the time than, say, the death of a person at age twenty

I do not find that implausible at all.  If you told me that I was going to die in 60 seconds, I'd VERY much prefer that to having never existed at all. 

>Yet most people believe that if a sperm and egg were about to fuse in conception but were destroyed just prior to fusing, there would be no significant loss at all. But if that is right, it is hard to believe that if the zygote were to die immediately after the sperm and egg have fused, without experiencing even a flicker of consciousness, it would be the victim of a terrible misfortune

This argument is fatally flawed because it equivocates between an objective or overall loss and an individual loss.  The sperm and egg failing to fuse is not a significant loss of future happiness because, if the would-be parents were trying to conceive and failed, they very likely will continue trying to conceive.  An individual will still be born, just a different one than would have been the case before.  Total happiness is basically unchanged -- it's not a loss in an objective or total happiness sense, and it cannot be a loss in an individual sense because there is no individual that experienced a loss.  The loss of the zygote is equivalent from a total happiness perspective, but FOR THAT INDIVIDUAL immediate destruction IS worse than dying at age 20, assuming life up to age 20 is pretty good.

The false equivocation sets up the intuition which the author then uses to justify the need for the much more complex "psychological connectedness" (or TRIA) standard, which seems to have obvious problems -- for example, it justifies killing somebody undergoing a momentary psychotic break which lasts 1 second, is very unpleasant while it occurs, but has no effect on the remaining years of someone's life.  Very objectionable implication.  It's also just an unnecessary complication if the one problematic intuition I dealt with above if disregarded.
Every single one of these articles debates horses, pigs, cattle... I wonder what philosophical vegans think about eating insects.
I'm not convinced. This paper seems to hinge on the assumption that animals can perceive time as humans do. So far as I can tell there is no basis for this whatsoever.

Not that I disagree, but unsound logic is still unsound.
I want to inject another element to this.  What if we take it that it's unlikely that the majority of people are swayed by this kind of argument, and will continue to eat meat, and many may continue to do so without reflecting on how it was reared or where it came from.  These are the consumers that companies who sell meat are targeting, and it's their preferences and demands that these companies need to meet to remain competitive and make their profits.  If they demand meat that is raised humanely, and withhold their money from companies who don't, then companies are forced to respond to that demand for more 'ethical' meat.

Which means not eating meat removes you from this pool and diminishes your capacity to have a positive impact.  You stop being on their radar in terms of their willingness to respond to your demands.  What will happen is the existing consumer base will be forced to pay more for meat, or companies may be forced to adopt even *less* ethical practices in order to retain profits with a smaller consumer base.

Remaining a meat eater, on the other hand, but one who demands more ethical treatment of the meat they eat, and gives their money to those companies who *do* provide more ethical meat, increases the ability of 'ethical' meat producers to make a profit, and encourages them to respond to the demands of a consumer base that demands higher standards in the industry.  This, opposed to removing yourself from having an influence, removing one more 'ethical' meat eater from the pool of meat eaters, which may force companies to adopt lower standards.

That means eating meat, but 'ethical' meat, may do the most good you can, and not eating meat altogether may actually be causing more harm.
Defense of meat-eating (presuming humane treatment of the animals as the article does). 

1) 1 Cow living 30 years generates the same utility as 30 cows each living 1 year. 
2) 30 cows living 1 year each generates more meat than 1 cow living 30 years. 
3) higher meat generation leads to higher utility among humans than lower meat generation. 
4) Therefore, slaughtering cows on their 1st birthday has higher utility than slaughtering cows on their 30th birthday. 

The (potentially) controversial argument here is #1; #2 #3 and #4 follow from #1. 

In defense of argument #1 - Consider 30 cows, is there a moral distinction between randomly picking 1 cow to live every year for 30 years vs. consistently picking the same 1 cow to live every year? I don't see a distinction. 
I honestly feel like a lot of the article is just idiotic nitpicking.

Of course most people focus more on the "suffering" part than on "preventing the animal from enjoying years of life". It's the absolute logical first step on the path to a hypothetical utopia, where every creature lives a long and happy life.

But in a world where not even all humans are living long fulfilling lives, we can't focus on animals just yet. Practically speaking, there is absolutely no way to convince/stop 7 billion people from eating meat. It's going to be tough to even convince them to switch to lab grown meat. The worst part is, it's absolutely economically unviable for anyone to even give half a shit, but we'll get there eventually.

Until then the best we can do is stop the suffering.
I'm not a philosopher but the flaw I found in this paper is the author continuously conflates "killing for pleasure" and "killing for sustenance." Livestock (of the kind described in the article) aren't raised to be slaughtered for pleasure; rather they are raised to be slaughtered to produce sustenance to keep people alive and healthy. His argument could be used to make the case that raising animals to then be used for hunts is immoral. But I don't think he makes a good case against livestock for food. 
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
Quite a famous piece.
I rather adore Freeman Dyson; he's one of the few living scientists who I feel like really grasps the creative spirit, as well as the reasoning one, insofar as the two need be differentiated. He seems of a dying breed, but I hope more scientists look to him as a model in the future. I certainly do.

I should note that Freeman is very old. He writes rather merrily at this point in his life, which I rather like, but that does mean he offers glib quotations. The New York Review of Books is not really the place for extended philosophizing. This book review is really more of entertaining revue for Freeman to wax nostalgic on a life well-lived. With that in mind, here are some comments from a philosophically-oriented scientist:

* Freeman's anecdotes on Wittgenstein are really quite delightful. This really exposes, I think, his relative talents as a writer of some literary mettle. I would recommend his [*The Scientist As Rebel*](https://books.google.com/books?id=Jhr8AwAAQBAJ&printsec=frontcove) to anyone who enjoys his style. (Edit: here is a version of Wittgenstein's [*Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus*](http://people.umass.edu/klement/tlp/tlp.pdf), which Freeman talks about. For people, especially those who enjoy theoretical science like Freeman, who haven't read it, I heartily recommend it.)

* I very much like Freeman's down-to-earth, matter-of-fact definition of science: "Science is about facts that can be tested and mysteries that can be explored." However, as someone who has read a fair share of philosophy and history of science, I know it's much more complicated than this; as Paul Feyerabend said, it can sometimes seem that "anything goes," and I tend more toward fungible sociologically-inspired definitions. I think Freeman's definition is related to some of his more questionable conclusions, like his persistent questioning of global warming. What do you all think of his definition?

* Freeman strays away from Continental philosophy - of course he does; he knows little about it. Don't begrudge him that.

* There's an incredible anachronism in comparing modern philosophy to Aristotle or Confucius. These were days when specialization was damaging, and, moreover, when a mystic or teacher (such as Pythagoras) could seriously affect state power, simply because that power was relatively weak. (See John Burnett's *Early Greek Philosophy*, pg. 98. Scientists might really enjoy this book; Bertrand Russell quotes from it copiously in the early sections of the *History of Philosophy*, but Burnett's work is much more scholarly, better written, and has aged rather well. A fun read, which can be found [here](https://archive.org/details/earlygreekphilo01burngoog) or [here](https://archive.org/details/burnetsgreekphil00burnuoft), whichever version looks better to you.) And I feel there's simply a category error in comparing much of modern philosophy, which has taken a 'linguistic turn' to political philosophers like Montesquieu. It is worth noting in this regard that John Rawls has exerted a large influence on the moral health of the American people, and I have a lot of non-scholarly friends who greatly look up to Martha Nussbaum.

*  "How did it [philosophy] become a toothless relic of past glories?" is a very low blow from Dyson. I think his answer, "Philosophers became insignificant when philosophy became a separate academic discipline" confuses the question; if philosophy were not a separate discipline, one could not be a philosopher.

I suspect what he's on about is that philosophy has given birth to so many fields that have now usurped the areas it used to preside over, which was more or less everything. He speaks in terms of 'profession', because he is so down to earth, but *ideologically*, I would certainly appreciate if more scientists, writers, and preachers interacted with these philosophical foundations of their field, as Freeman tries to; in regards to scientists, folks like Tim Maudlin have used the phrase "experimental philosophy", a label I think could be very helpful to the scientific community.

I hope you all enjoyed my comments!
I like how he acknowledges Heidegger as one of the two most influential twentieth century philosophers, but then the rest of his characterization of philosophy precedes as if the Continental tradition doesn't exist. I also like that one of his examples of great literary philosophical masterpieces of the past is the Book of Job.

Also:

>Heidegger was one of the founders of existentialism, a school of philosophy that was especially attractive to French intellectuals.

>Heidegger himself lost his credibility in 1933

>everything [Wittgenstein] wrote was simple and clear.

I guess none of those statements are unarguably false, but I'd expect someone setting out to make general pronouncements about the Current State of Philosophy might exercise a little more nuance in discussing its history.

read "the starship and the canoe" sometime
Holt's book on he big existence question is an awesome read. 
[removed]
Freeman Dyson's global warming denial discredits him in my view.  He has given comfort to a sector of the anti-science public that is worse than the anti-evolutionists. Because of this, I have no time for anything he might say.
I read that as "splinters and lumber"
**INTRO**:

> "Biosemantics" was the title of a paper on mental representation originally
printed in *The Journal of Philosophy* in 1989. It contained a much abbreviated
version of the work on mental representation in *Language Thought and Other
Biological Categories* (1984). There I had presented a naturalist theory of
intentional signs generally, including linguistic representations, graphs, charts
and diagrams, road sign symbols, animal communications, the "chemical signals"
that regulate the function of glands, and so forth. But the term "biosemantics"
has usually been applied only to the theory of mental representation. Let me first
characterize a more general class of theories called "teleological theories of
mental content" of which biosemantics is an example. Then I will discuss the
details that distinguish biosemantics from other naturalistic teleological theories.

**AUTHOR**:

[Ruth G. Millikan](http://philosophy.uconn.edu/faculty/millikan/), Emeritus Professor of Philosophy, University of Connecticut
The author *repeatedly* claims that biosemantics is situated within the tradition of "telological theories", but this paper makes no attempt to actually draw from or engage with that tradition or touch upon the topic.  It would be interesting to contrast biosemantics with pre-existing biocentric theories of intentionality such as that outlined by Plato in his *Cratylus* and by Aristotle in *De Anima* and *On Memory and Recollection*.  At the very least, doing so might help to historically situate biosemantics within the minds of the readers, and not just in the mind of the author.

edit: if I am being unfair and the author has done this elsewhere, please let me know.  
I'm not sure about this. I'm not trans, so here are genuine questions, but this framework doesn't mesh with what I understand about transsexuality.

* If a penis is not an inherently male body part, wouldn't that imply that all GRS is purely cosmetic?

That doesn't seem right. Gender dysphoria is a real and serious thing. However, if a doctor can genuinely say to a trans woman, "no, you already have a female body," that seems to remove all motivation for invasive, medically-necessary surgery. Is gender dysphoria *strictly* due to how others perceive and treat the trans person? It's my understanding that it's something much deeper than that.

* If the sex of your body always and by definition matches your gender identity, what does it even mean to be trans?

It's my understanding that a trans person is someone whose gender differs from their sex. If a trans woman's physical sex should always be considered female (along with their gender identity), then what attribute of that person defines them as trans? It could still be their *assigned* sex (i.e., the sex on their birth certificate, and/or the sex others perceive them as), but again, that shifts the responsibility for a person's transness out of their own hands, and doesn't explain the real mental and physical struggles that trans people experience... 
>On my view, there is nothing “male” about a trans woman - the term “male” is simply not appropriate as applied to trans women. They don’t have male body parts because only males have male body parts and on my view trans women are not males but females so any body part or physical characteristic they have is only appropriately described as female.

The gender/sex has nothing to do with body parts. Biological definition is purely for medical/health purposes, not the physical description of what you have or like sexually; that's what gender is for. The entire premise of the argument here is wrong - sex is biological, gender is a  cultural descriptive. Just because you no longer have a penis doesn't make you biologically female and that is an incredibly important distinction when it comes to medical and health services. 

The entire argument presented here hinges solely on the fact of changing the definition of the word, for no real purpose. It's necessary to differentiate between biological standards and mental differences, and is not a means 'to promote sexist/transphobic' agendas. 


Edit: [A long read](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3388783/) on the subject of, both, female/male differences in medicine/health and the inclusion of gender in such practices
How can chromosomes be arbitrary and not contribute to whether we are male or female? They directly influence our 'brain characteristics'.

Seems like a lot of logic handwaving. Anyone with a 6th grade level of scientific education and a foothold in real logic should find this laughable. 
It seems to me that it's a lot more practical to stop creating gender specific legislation and make current legislation gender neutral, than it is to stop differentiating gender all together. I feel like it's just semantics and nothing more. I don't even think gender is defined in the law, so "male" and "female" are up to interpretation anyway legally.
The author claims there are deep problems with "gendering body parts", but isn't clear what "gendering" means: The author considers elbows, saying there are no male or female elbows. While there are no elbows that are male or female, this is true in the same sense that there are no male or female trees or clouds. Trees, clouds and elbows are neither males nor females. But the author claims "there are no male or female elbows, there are just elbows". Here the argument goes awry. There are no dog or cat elbows, in the sense of these elbows being dogs or cats, but there are the elbows of dogs and cats. Similarly, there are no male or female elbows, but there are the elbows of a male or female. The thing is a part of something with a gender, and, although it is not thereby to be identified as that gender (i.e. you do not say "she" about the elbow of a female, you say "it") that does not mean it's not e.g. a female thing.

tldr: confusing two uses of "male/female x", one where x is said to be a male/female, one where x is part of a male/female.

The author also says that when e.g. describing a nose in full physiological detail, we would not need to also say whether it is male or female to give a complete physical description. But this is due to the example she gives, where we are given the strange job of "describing a nose in full physiological detail". And it works just as well for e.g. dogs and cats, in that we would not need to use any given category to describe anything in full physiological detail. Presumably this doesn't prove dogs and cats only differ in thought. But why would we need to describe things in full physiological detail, anyway? Are we considering someone trying to make completely realistic maps of body parts, or people living in a society? This completely a-human approach doesn't get us anywhere in philosophy.
Does anyone here genuinely think that all the differences in hormones, gene expressions, brain structure, etc between men and women, built up over millions of years of differentiated social roles,  will just go away if we stop calling it different?       I think *alot* of modern gender roles are constructed, but these kinds of articles would be laughed out of a biology lab before you even made your point.    If you want to have good gender theory, you have to do your biological homework.
[deleted]
It is a basic contradiction to claim Sex/Gender distinction should be removed, and that gender is determined by each individual. For an individual to define themselves as a certain gender there must be distinctions between the different genders.
Why stop there? What if I identified as a wolf? There are many people out there who identify as wolves and geese and bears (don't look for them). Does that mean my genome is no longer representative of a human if I decide so? Does that mean I can actually consider myself a wolf? I understand it's 2016 and that we live a in post-structuralist world but where does it end? What happens to the categorizations of science and medicine? Will math follow suit?

I've no doubt that there are many people born with extremely difficult issues that warrant a discussion of what it means to be male or female in society, but to do so at the expense of dismantling all that science has organized, only for the sake of not hurting someone's feeling, is absolutely disheartening. And no, this is not indicative of Kuhn's paradigmatic shifts. You're not advancing or revising science in anyway. All you're doing is trying to redefine a term so you feel better.
[deleted]
This is very interesting. I do wonder what society would look like if sexuality was abandoned as a necessary social construct altogether. When one realizes that there are so many varieties of people of all kinda of sexual distinctions one comes to realize that the Male/Female structure is really just an arbitrary view set in place by now "out-dated" forms of thought. Beyond for reasons of biological and perhaps psychological purposes, is their sexual configuration even necessary? Does knowing and referring to people as male or female or anywhere in between help society?
[removed]
Nozick's approach is explicitly externalist--that is, he doesn't have to satisfy the KK thesis--so your objections to Nozick fail: so long as those conditions are met, the farmer knows that there is a single cow in the field. 

There are other externalist objections to Nozick's approach, though, such that knowledge, while safe, is limited to a small subset of *prima facie* instances of knowledge: it's too restrictive a criteria.
Knowledge is the stored mental content of the individual. Even if it's false or inaccurate it's still knowledge.

 A person may for example be heavily knowledgeable about subject matter A, however all of what they know is inaccurate. They are still knowledgeable, but what they know is not worthy of respect. This designates it as undesired knowledge. Still knowledge though.
I always liked Hume's problem of induction as a skeptical argument against the possibility of knowledge. It doesn't say that we don't know anything, only that it's possible we might not know anything due to the practice of drawing general rules from specific instances that are consistent.

The example often cited is "Because all swans observed are white, it can be conclude all swans are white." We can see that this type of generalization suffers from limited scope of observation which goes in hand with knowledge needing to be justified (in which case this is). However its truth can never be verified, only its falsehood. I always viewed it as justified (but not necessarily true) until falsified.

The overall issue with forming knowledge this way is that the only time we are certain of a statement's truth value is when we find an example to the contrary, it will never be positively proven.

For example, the law of gravity. Every observation we have ever made suggests that our current understanding is correct and universally applicable, however a single non-compliant example would be the only thing necessary to prove it's falsehood. Unless we can be sure that we have exhaustively observed all of existence our generalizations can never be confirmed, merely known to be exceedingly probable.
You seem to be confusing knowledge with **certainty**, but this isn't a requirement for any of the definitions of knowledge you give.  Indeed, it's pretty widely accepted that knowledge can be fallible. In your farmer with the cow bunker, the farmer has a justified belief that there are no cows in his field.  If it happens that there is no secret cow bunker, then that belief is also true, and so I'd say the farmer does indeed know this fact.  If there **does** happen to be that secret cow, then the farmer is wrong, and lacks knowledge, even though they *believe* they know. But the difference there hinges on the "truth" criteria, not this extra "certainty" one you've added.

As such, I think you're ultimately arguing against the wrong thing - you're objecting to *certaintly*, not *knowledge*, and when you say:

>>I thus argue that knowledge, as the word is currently used

You're actually referencing a usage that is not often used at all.

>It can then be said that the farmer believes, with 95% probability, that there is a cow in the field

There's no real problem in viewing knowledge in probabalistic terms - that there's some threshold of confidence over which it counts as "knowing" something (indeed, I'd say this really appies to the "believing" part - "I believe X" != "I am certain of X").  But this misses out some things about knowledge which we're pretty interested in - specifically the *truth* and *justification* criteria.  Ie. I may accept the farmer is 99% confident, and even that they're justified in this belief, but refrain from calling it knowledge, not because I've any objection to probabalistic views, but because **I** know there **is** a secret cow bunker, and so the farmer is wrong.  Or perhaps the farmer is right, but believes this because he thinks he's psychic, and would know if there was a cow there - even if he *happens* to be right, I don't think that's a justified means of reaching the conclusion.

But if neither of these is the case, I don't think there'd be anything wrong with calling the farmer's belief knowledge, even though everyone, including him, admits he *could* be wrong.  We use it this way every day, in pretty much all our claims about what is and is not knowledge.  (ie. getting a question on a quiz wrong which we though we "knew" doesn't cause us to stubbornly persist in our certainty - rather we admit our error, thus showing that our notion of the concept is inherently fallibilistic).

You're overthinking the concept of knowledge and confusing it with the term for information. Knowledge is a tool to be use to prove that the information received is indeed FACT or FALSE. As you gather information, true or false, you become more knowledgeable in that subject. Lets say you have no knowledge on the subject of the flower called "rose" whatsoever so you decide to gather information. You read somewhere and you hear people say (popular opinion) that a rose is red. Although, this is considered to be true, the information received is false (some would argue but it's still false). The rose comes in a variety of colors but you acquired information that made you more knowledgeable about roses. Knowledge is what you know to be fact. I.e 1+1=2
This all rests on your definition of the word knowledge, you've told me what it isn't, now tell me what it is. Because if knowledge is something that is known by a given person, by their own frame of reference that knowledge is accurate regardless of the actual truth. If Farmer A sees 1 Cow in the field, yet you know that there is one beneath the field, from Farmer A's frame of reference the knowledge that one cow exists in the field is true and accurate.
The rules of probability theory need to be certain for your argument to work. Also, there is the fact that if you claim something is probable, you need to have evidence for that claim, and the evidence will eventually need to bottom out at something certain.
Some words are nothing more than their practical use, like (i think) knowledge.  Some words don't have a definition, like 'game' (You cannot find a definition which doesn't exclude anything or includes things which would not fit.).

Using your model of 'probabillity', wouldn't be practical. Just think of how tedious certain conversations or discussions would be. Don't even think about how teaching would be! If it would not have any practical use and maybe even the opposite of that, why would you implement it, when the model we use right now has never led to any problems?
I agree with the definition of knowledge as something that is absolutely certain to be correct. However, I disagree that there is no such thing as knowledge. This is because we can *define* certain things such that they must be correct. In mathematics, for example, we have defined the meanings of '1', '2', '3', '+', and '=', such that we can know for absolute certain that '1+2=3' is a true statement.
I think the gettier problem is overstated.

Using your example, the guy walks past a field, sees a cardboard cow, thinks it is a real cow. His belief that a cow is in the field is sorta true in a general sense, but it is NOT justified, because his belief is based on the mistake that the cardboard cow is a real cow; being mistaken about something is not a justification.

That there is a real cow in the field is accidental and incidental. Its presence in the field only makes the belief that there is a cow in the field true in a general sense. It is still specifically false that "There is a cow right there at that very spot in the field" where the cardboard cow is.

Or rather, "There is a cow in the field" is only true insofar as cow generally means any structure bearing the form of a cow, and not specifically a real living cow.

edit:

>I do not consider past observations certain because memories can be lost or mistaken.

This is very wrongthink. And you're trapped in the skepticism. Read some Hegel Phenomenology of Spirit to move on.

Being able to have lost or mistaken memories is *the necessary negative condition* required to have correct memories. You have to know how to and be able to do something wrong to know how to and be able to do something right.

We don't say, oh since people sometimes lie we should never believe anything anyone says.

I'm certain that your username is ardetor even though I've forgotten my grandmother's maiden name.
Senses rely on input, and the ability to comprehend reality relies on how ones brain synthesizes and bridges the senses to create an individuals consciousness.  It's all important to know that there are more than 10 senses that are described in different mods of human awareness.

Philosophy is especially useful in that through discussion metaphor one can construct and repair thoughts, structures and even create new knowledge through dialogue.

The difficult aspects of communication is that without sensory input beyond the word (text or audible input) the only 'subjective' truth is what people receive.  Objective truths are a little bit more complex to understand until adequate and thorough exposure allows for a more complete picture.

People are a dime a dozen, friends are diamonds in the rough.  If we remove labels and treat people as individuals on first encounter, connections and community are able to develop.

Castles were never meant for a handful of individuals but for villages and kingdoms.  If there are no appointed courts than the structure is reliant on the members and goals of a group.

Kafka's castle is the mind, he only left for people that could shape a better environment.  Ask Ivy and Sasha about philosophy, Mills is integral for liberty, justice, and free thought expression and freedom.  Gender balance and equity in political and cultural structures were one of his most important and relevant projects that reinforces individual democracy internationally
I'd argue that knowledge and believe are mere states of a concept. 

In my argument concept is defined to be a series of relations and relations are a neat way to describe information. 
So a concept is basically a set, containing information in relation to each other. 

In the world we live in, we obtain a constant stream of information over various inputs. Our brain does it's magic and starts to relate the inputs to each other. The end products are various concepts each representing a range of inputs. They are evaluate-able any given moment since the inputs have to be present in order for the concept to uphold.

Many of those concepts start to relate to each other and form abstractions of information. And abstractions in turn can relate to each another and form new ones.

Somewhere down the line we get a specific abstraction. It is able to describe the evaluability of various sets of inputs, concepts or simply information on a scale like this:

    Inherently true - Mostly true - Undefined - Mostly false - Inherently false.

And we use language to describe specific regions on this scale. 

*Knowledge covers everything from "Inherently true" to roughly the better half of "Mostly true"
*And Believe covers a blurred range from "Mostly true" to "Mostly false". 

The placement can also change any given moment since the underlying concepts are evaluate-able.

Which makes the word knowledge an indicator, marking that information is and was "Mostly true" within the given conditions (inputs) up until now on a more or less commonly used reference scale and thus making the word knowledge and the likes important for our inter-individual communication.
Isn't saying there is no thing like knowledge, knowledge in itself? 
 I feel like this is more of an issue with the **certainty** of a fact, rather than knowledge itself.

 For example, what if the farmer was put in an empty room with the cow close to him. He knows that there is a cow, but in this example, there cannot be another cow hiding somewhere, and the farmer can see that it is a cow opposed to a cut out. 

 He still knows there is a cow nearby, but the conditions have changed such that there is, without a doubt, an actual cow. Thus, it seems like you have challenged certainty rather than interpretations of knowledge, from what I see.
All of you make me feel stupid with how eloquent you are. But I have thought about this a lot. I feel as though I can never truly know anything. I have heard that people incorrectly believe Socrates to have said that the only thing he is certain of is that he can never be certain of anything. Maybe he never said that but I still believe it is true.

And to respond to your cow in the field scenario, can't he be certain of his own beliefs? Doesn't his knowledge exist truly in that he believes a cow to be in a field whether or not there is one? And even if one cannot be certain, there is a cow in the field or there isn't, correct? If the absolute truth is that there is a cow indeed in that field, then anyone who believes the cow is there would have that knowledge. Does humanity have to know for certain what the truth is for us to have the knowledge of something's existence? The relationship between what we believe and what is true exists, regardless of whether or not we can know something is for certain.

Furthermore, as I've come to see it, knowledge is merely having the understanding of something. Can our beliefs of something count as knowledge regardless of truth? If we believe something to be one way, do we have these power to say that's less valuable than the truth? If your only purpose is to determine whether or not you see a cow, then does it matter whether or not it is actually a cow?
Am I the only one that doesn't really like Gettier problem counter-examples. Here, the farmer would have to be pretty blind to not realize that the cow was a card-board cut-out. But other examples aren't really better, with other examples including barns which aren't really barns, and zebras which aren't really zebras. While I understand the philosophical point being made, and realize that the examples could always just keep ratcheting up, cannot we use better examples. 

Why cannot the farmer have DNA evidence that the cow is a cow? Why cannot the driver, stop, get out of the car, and examine the barn for half and hour before "being justified"? In general, my issue with almost all of these examples is that "justified" is being used far far far far far too loosely. Taking a quick glance at something is not sufficient justification for something to be considered knowledge. 

Justified True Belief, is a meaningful concept, if we take Justified to mean took all possible precautions to not be wrong. JTB may not be equivalent to knowledge, but at least it would refer to something useful (perhaps something more akin to statistically significant). 
Meant to save and clicked report, if you get a notification, my apologies 
Looks interesting! Bookmarked your site.
I like how Justice Holmes skewered the Natural Law position, personally. 
Thanks for the video! I'm a fan of this series.

How would Contrastivists reply to the following point I feel is unanswered by their approach (insofar as it was explained in the video)?

- This formulation of knowledge still doesn't address the lack of criteria for determining _which_ alternate possibilities are worth dismissing.

At the beginning of the video (~3:00), Sinnott-Armstrong writes off philosophers who say that they don't need to prove that a magician didn't trick us, or other such possibilities, because those possibilities are "too far-fetched". He claims:

> They owe us some account of which possibilities are too far-fetched

However, at the end of the video, he writes off skeptics who seem to pose that same issue with his formulation.

> ...such skepticism has some insight and some error. It is correct in that nobody can know anything in contrast with all possibilities because there's always some possibility that they can't rule out. But, it's still misleading because we can know a lot in contrast with normal possibilities -- namely, the ones that we can check and *the ones that are worth taking seriously*. [emphasis mine]

I would agree that the `S knows P in contrast with Q` formulation is powerful because it more accurately captures all our knowledge of a situation like this (rather than several statements of the form `S knows P` and `S knows not Q_i` for each Q_i in Q). But, it still feels like he's slipping in an assumption about which possibilities are worth taking seriously. I would say that what truly makes `S knows P in contrast with Q` powerful is what we choose to put in Q. Something that is not addressed by Contrastivism.
**Summary:**
In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Walter Sinnott-Armstrong](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/walter-sinnott-armstrong) (Duke University) introduces a new approach to knowledge: contrastivism.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi
I understand why one could, with the reasoning described in the video, reach the conclusion that P is likely to be true, or that it is reasonable and beneficial to treat P as true, or that we should consider it to be true (as opposed to Q), but I don't understand why they make the leap to claim it *is* true, or what "true in relation to" even means.

It sounds like they're just loosening up the word "true" to mean "justified belief".
I'm curious what a contrastivist would say about a case where it happens to be true that, e.g., that the boss's identical twin, and not the boss himself, was killed by the butler. The contrastivist, believing that the butler killed his boss, will say "I know that the butler killed his boss (in contrast with the cook killing his boss)"--but will it actually be *correct* that the contrastivist has this knowledge? Neither answer seems satisfying. For if the answer is yes, then our knowledge is no longer factive, and we can know things that aren't true (as long as they're known in constrast with other things that aren't true)--and it seems like a conceptual requirement on knowledge that only true claims can be known. And if the answer is no, it's not clear why contrastivism is supposed to offer a stronger reply to the skeptic than the traditional two-place account of knowledge.
[removed]
I personally don't understand how contrastivists are able to ascertain in any certain terms what is "unlikely" to be true? Why exactly is the twin scenario less likely than the butler scenario? I suppose an answer could be, because in our everyday experiences those aren't the sort of circumstances we see, people are more likely to be killed than to fake their death with their identical twin. But this argument is flawed in that people DO fake their deaths in this way and saying that it's, untrue just because it is "unlikely", eliminates any reasonable inquiry into such extenuating circumstances. 
Doesn't the technique of introducing The Magician mean there doesn't even exist a contrasting proposition Q that is "truly" known?
How about we, instead of stating that we _know_ this or that, assign probabilities to statements? Don't many or all of these problems go away then?
I love the end "...and get on with our lives." It really encapsulates the mood after some really intense philosophy lectures.
He did what in his mology?

In all seriousness, I also had a difficult time with the video and grokking everything. 
Why does no line of argument consider the probability of knowing something is true? Perhaps we can't know anything with 100% certainty but we can get pretty close, probability-wise. I feel this probabilistic line of reasoning would pretty easily solve this paradox.  Perhaps this is out of the scope of the argument, which only considers absolutes?
man. I hate skepticism. its an never ending debate. Or can there be an end to the debate. 

answer: you don't know.

Edit: see.
Is epistemology Cartesian in part?
[removed]
This approach at the beginning (consideration of different options) is similar to that used in Feynman diagrams. But, there is a big difference. You can assign different probabilities for each event. You get less and less probable events while considering more and more possible cases. 
You can't really know for sure. But you can know with great probability. For example, 99,999% is fine for practically all cases found in life.
Of course, it is quite problematic to assign specific values of probability, but certain events, arguments, experiments can assign lower or higher probability to a particular event.

Related: https://youtu.be/L45Q1_psDqk
I have no knowledge ! I wish , I had knowledge . I'm so dumb , existence laughs at me and simplicity derides my being . Why was I ever born ? 
I'm new to this sub and philosophy in general, but isn't Popperian fallibilism the leading theory in epistemology right now? What's discussed in this video (contrastivism) seems much less convincing and simply inconsistent with the way in which we go about acquiring knowledge, not to mention what knowledge actually is.

For example how would you contrast the question "Why did the butler do it?" against anything? You would never actually answer that question using this method of reasoning.  


I didnt understand the video can some1 ELI5????
Educational and fun. The animations are silly but actually intresting. 
[removed]
So I think what you may be talking about is a characteristically LessWrong-ian version of utilitarianism, given the presence of curiousities like "utility function" and of course the emphasis on Bayesianism. I'm not really sure if LW-utilitarianism is, or is meant to be, the same thing as it is in philosophy... but I'll proceed as though it were.

First, utilitarianism is not particularly a theory about how to *measure* utility. Attempts have been made -- Bentham's [felicific calculus](http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/bentham/#FelCal) for example -- but utilitarianism itself is a claim about the conditions under which an action *actually is* right rather than *how we can know it is*. So in the case of classical utilitarianism, the theory is that an action is morally right if it maximizes the pleasure and minimizes the pain in the world. (Not a particular society, mind you, but for everyone.) Philosophical debate around utilitarianism mainly focusses around whether this makes sense as a way to understand morality.

Second, the purpose of the utility monster objection is not to say that there *actually are* utility monsters, much less that poor people are these. It's a thought experiment designed to show a counterintuitive outcome of the utilitarian approach.

Here's an example. Suppose our standard of utility is the classic one: maximizing pleasure in the world. Suppose a mad scientist creates a sentient AI with only two purposes: to consume resources, and to be massively, insanely, unreasonably happy about doing so. So, like, if getting a $10 bill makes any person at least a little happy, this AI is transported to dimensions of unimaginable bliss if someone slips it a nickel. If this AI existed, and utilitarianism is true, then the morally right thing would be to feed *absolutely all possible resources* to it in order to maximize utility and let everyone go without. Yet intuitively, this doesn't seem like the right thing to do at all.
If what you want is to have somebody give you a primer on utilitarianism and how what you consider matches up to the best current development of it, you'd be well served by also posting this to /r/askphilosophy, where there are qualified people who answer philosophic questions and we moderate answers for accuracy and informativeness. You've already had responses here that are strictly speaking wrong about utilitarianism as an intellectual tradition and moral philosophy.
Utilitarianism should be approached as a heuristic, not a formulation. It's impossible to nail down any objective sense of value or utility, humans can only make best guesses. The utility of any object to any one person will change as that person gains experience and has a change in values. A horrible experience might initially have negative utility, but provide positive utility later in life. We cannot define a rigid quantification of utility for even a single person's life because of subjectivity. Similarly, we cannot measure the value of utility between people without some conversion rate of utility that has to be prescribed from some other moral theory. Is every life equal? Or are some lives entitled to more utility than others? Do the unborn enjoy utility? How about the unborn that might have been, or how about animals and objects? There's no satisfying solution because you can always draw contradictions from any theory that prescribes a measurable value to life. We might say that the only valid solution is the trivial one, where everything, everyone and every single particle, force or nameable object experiences zero utility for now and forever. For reasons such as these, and a few more, utilitarianism of course, can never fully be a social dictum, with society prescripted as part of a giant utility maximizing machine.

If you think of utilitarianism instead, as a tool, by humans who remain ever ignorant yet are ever seeking for ways to improve their lives and further their goals, then it's really fine as it is, with its flawed simplicity. Instead, we need to recognize that utility is relative, as is everything else, and so trying to construct an "ultimate" utility curve is impossible. This may seem fundamentally unsatisfying but then again, that's not a new sentiment, imagine how the logicists felt when they realized they could never ground their logic on fundamental truth.

So we must instead construct subjective measures of utility while being frank about the flaws of any measure we use. Typically we value the utility of the many over the poor, the living over the non-living, the near future over the far future and so on. We plug in arbitrary numbers, make educated guesses on ordinality. To improve, we have to build our systems of utility approximations by slowly adding more variables and tweaking differentials, aware of its flaws while being willing to totally swap the whole set of equations whenever we are presented with a good reason to do so.
stripped down to the basics utilitarianism seems like a great ethical framework. it's simplistic and can be used in any ethical or moral dilemma. however, things start to get murky when it comes to real world ethical dilemmas. I like Marx's critique on how Bentham fails to take in to account the changing character of people. Marx also mentions how human nature is dynamic and that the concept of a single utility is one dimensional.  
Utilitarianism is fallacious.
This is my favorite argument against utilitarianism. I didn't see it included in your original post, so I thought it might be of interest to you.

First, let's establish that utilitarianism is intended as a general ethical theory. It is meant to cover all cases under all scopes. You seem to be keen on this requirement in paragraph 3 of OP and your rejoinder. Furthermore, I think we can agree that utilitarianism plays double duty as a practical ethical theory and a meta-ethical theory. Utilitarianism tells us what goodness is and what people should do all at once. Given enough optimism, a concrete theory might also tell us exactly how goods are distributed and choices should be implemented.

Now, let's consider some seemingly plausible cases: ones in which a given belief decreases overall utility. For example, let's say someone is under the false belief that the world will end next Tuesday. This would surely cause unnecessary distress for the person holding such a belief. This seems like an easy case where changing the belief is the right thing do. We can also consider cases of true beliefs causing problems, though. For example, one could develop overwhelming angst about the death of the Sun in the distant future. This seems like a case where abandoning the belief won't do, but changing one's attitude is definitely a live option. 

Bringing all of this together, let's consider a third case: one in which believing, "Utilitarianism is true", decreases overall utility. While some might object to this as a gotcha case, let's remember that utilitarianism is a general ethical theory intended to cover all possible cases. This certainly seems like a conceivable scenario, regardless of what you think the odds of such a thing occurring. I will however address concerns about the possibility of such cases if anyone has objections.

In such a case, what does utilitarianism tell us? On one hand, the utilitarian must at least believe that utility is a determinable property and we should act in accordance to utility. On the other hand, believing both of these things decreases over all utility. Therefore, we must either change the first belief, change the second belief, or change our some non-cognitive component of the belief, (as in the second case considered above). All of these option yield bad consequences.

If you give up the belief that utility is determinable in this case, then utilitarianism has rendered an inconclusive result. The theory can't provide practical or theoretical guidance in this case in any form, since utility isn't knowable in such cases. If you give up the belief that we should act in accordance to utility, then utilitarianism looses its normative quality. The fact that a given utility is produced would be of no consequence to what one should do.

At any rate, losing either belief falsifies utilitarianism. If believing in utilitarianism implies one should not believe utilitarianism, then the theory is certain inconsistent somewhere. Either of these options would be cutting off your nose to spite your face. Therefore, It seems as if changing one's beliefs isn't an option here.

The third option is the safest bet, but isn't exactly rosy. It isn't clear to me what believing in utilitarianism without having any of the attitudes amounts to. It seems like this would require a saintly capacity for deferring to moral authority against one's inclinations. I will concede this is at least possible, and perhaps it indicates an extreme ideal we should strive to imitate rather than pursue in earnest. This is a fairly sensible result.

However, even boundary cases can yield solutions. It's not clear that this case is conceivable. It seems like at least some of the dispositions we hold are essential for belief. Losing all or just a few important dispositions and still believing x might be impossible. If this is the case, then this turns out to be an incoherent position. If a more coherent analysis of this case could be put forward, then utilitarianism is in big trouble. Therefore, all things being equal, alternative ethics theories are superior to utilitarianism, if they can respond to self reference cases or provide practice guidance to the utilitarian in this case.

This turned out to be a monster! I'm going to stop here, edit for readability, and maybe write a clarification. What a mess!!

Edit: Fixed some spelling mistakes.
On Liberty and the companion works evolve utilitarianism to the point of what I would consider humanism.  The most effective, efficient and personal form of freedom, utility and revolution are hidden in cultural archives.  Contributing to the archives in a personal, societal and interstellar manner develops the world far quicker and cheaper than any other path.

Icons save lives.  Ozymandias, Cicero and Aurelius.  Zeus, Prometheus / a , zorro, anansi, Loki, hercules, Persephone, Alexandria, Ganges, the 1st and greatest thinkers, creators and rulers left their imprint with words, art, buildings that outlast the civilizations that produced them
Professor Ehrenberg will be doing an AMA here on /r/philosophy **Monday September 26 at 12PM ET** - please see [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/53nwj3/ama_announcement_monday_926_12pm_et_kenneth_m/) where you can submit questions ahead of time, or join us Monday at 12PM in welcoming Prof. Ehrenberg to our community.

**ABSTRACT**:

> This paper guides the reader through the use of functions in contemporary legal philosophy: in developing those philosophies and through methodological debates over their proper role. This paper is broken into two sections. In the first I canvass the role of functions in the legal philosophies of several mid to late twentieth century Anglo-American general jurisprudents whose theories are still common topics of discussion: Ronald Dworkin, H.L.A. Hart, Lon L. Fuller, John Finnis, and Joseph Raz. In the second, I examine contemporary arguments over the role of functions in the methodology of legal philosophy.
[deleted]
According to this article, does this mean that whistleblowers living in democratic societies, revealing secrets that threaten their societies' governments and status quos—yet are essential for people to learn—in the end, should submit to the law, even if that law ends up severely punishing them? All for some abstract deference for judicial institutions?

...Edward Snowden being the first person that comes to mind. 
Tl;dr anyone?
Well written article.
"Athenians’ commitment to the principle of free speech, including that every citizen had an equal right to speak his mind, remained resolute. But Athenians also conceived of speech as a form of action, with the potential for profound consequences. Citizens had a responsibility for the public consequences of their public actions. An Athenian who spoke in public, in the Council, in the assembly, or even in the public square could expect to be held accountable for the consequences of his speech. If, for example, he advocated a policy and it brought good, he could expect praise and honours. If the results of his policy proved harmful to the community’s welfare, he might be blamed and punished accordingly."

People should be made to read this passage before they are allowed to post on social media.
I would add that the judgement of death to Socrates essentially secured two thousand years of freedom for philosophy because of how unjust the trial comes off.   That's a pretty incredible feat - and I would argue his true intention in allying with Plato. 
very interesting with present day relevance
  I actually just learned about this whole trial. From my understanding, Socrates death has been compared to the death of Jesus. I find this very interesting and can see a lot of the similarities between the two. They were each seen as corrupting society, they each said and beloved things that really made "elites" mad because it went against the grain and many other reasons . 
   I know I'm not hitting a lot of main points here but in the end they both died with no resistance. They knew it was important to die believing in what they believed in and had been advocating their whole lives in order for their ideas to survive well after their death. 
    Also, I learned that after Socrates had drank the poison he had all of the women and children leave so they wouldn't be crying or have to see his death. However, all of the men that remained including Plato and many other men. Started crying as you can see in the painting. When they started doing that Socrates was like "woah! What are you doing? I sent all the women and children away so this wouldn't happen". I found that part to be kind of funny and also, it shows how important Socrates was to all of these like minded people in the room with him during his death. 


   

Ah it seems you are right. Thanks! Either way it's a really interesting topic that has really taken me in. 
He was on friendly terms with the group of people that ended up being installed to rule Athens by the Spartans - the 30 tyrants - and had presumably agitated against democracy with them.  Basically, Socrates was the patron philosopher of a group of Nazi capos and was friendly with them while they committed their worst crimes against their own people.

His reputation would have been destroyed if he hadn't done exactly what he did.
It's amazing that we are still arguing about this 2400 years later. I remember as a child when people were arguing about this.  
Good article though I found the conclusion glib and pandering.
[deleted]
So, in short, people in our modern age that are complaining about the way they are treated under the law (for things that they may or may not have done) should take a page from so-crates and suck it up?

I can agree with that.

1) If you did something bad, then you deserve what you get.
2) If you didn't, then you should have nothing to fear.
A great overview, and I agree with almost all of the intuitions it describes. Looking over the rest of the site, however, I am astonished that there is no mention whatsoever of antinatalism. The inescapable conclusion of suffering-focused ethics, especially if they incorporate anti-frustrationism or negative preference utilitarianism, is that we ought not bring new people into existence. Indeed, this is the one behavior that, if followed by everyone, would completely fulfill the stated mission of their institute: "to best reduce the suffering of sentient beings in the near and far future. We publish essays and academic articles, and advise individuals and policymakers. Our focus is on exploring effective, robust and cooperative strategies to avoid risks of dystopian futures." If no new people were born, there would be no suffering whatsoever, and accepting the intuitions laid out in the page you linked, the fact that sentient beings were prevented from existing would not be a downside (since there would be nobody "worse off" as a result).
The root of suffering is unfulfilled needs.  The rest is much simpler to handle according to psychologists, philosophers and the creative teers
Looks good.

Two smart guys, to be sure
I think the most useful measure for Chinese room debates is to avoid completely abstracting away the room itself, its rules, and how it came into existence. There are versions of the room such that I'd agree that the room isn't "understanding" Chinese, but there are versions that I think do - and it very much depends on what the rules governing the room actually are. It sounds like, from reading this, Dennett and Searle disagree about the content of the room's rules much more than the actual philosophical implications.
I honestly believe that the two sides of this argument have been talking past each other since the 70s.  Most AI people find the system argument compelling, because they are arguing against a mis-understanding of Searle.  Searle is partly to blame for this misunderstanding.  He has had 40 years to clear up the confusion, but too often reverts to using the term semantics, which sadly has very clear meaning on the computer science side, and a less clear meaning on the philosophical side.

Searle's main argument is that understanding has a first person experience.  The room does not seem to have a first person experience.  The systems reply does not address this lacking first person experience.  Strong AI people (in particular John McCarthy and Ed Feigenbaum), when asked about how they intend to generate this first person experience, say that this is an open problem that will need to be solved.

The disagreement is a clash of intuitions.  Searle does not see how first person experience can be made out of arbitrary parts.  He knows that "meat" can make first person experience, but does not see why this should generalize to other substances.  Strong AI people do not see why "meat" should be special in any way, so presume that first person experience can be made out of arbitrary parts.  


It seems like Searle is just plain wrong about this.  He *is* denying that the supersystem can understand, in exactly the way that Dennett claims.  

Searle seems to be claiming that subsystems can have syntax, but the supersystem cannot have semantics.  He claims that the burden of proof to show otherwise is on Dennett, and that no one can or will be able to do this.  But if we think of our brains as supersystems, then we have at least one example where the supersystem has semantics while the subsystems merely have syntax.  Further, Searle does not provide any reason that this would be impossible for AI, other than to say that he cannot imagine it being possible.

It seems like Searle is just sticking his fingers in his ears and yelling that he is right, while ignoring all evidence that he is wrong.
And here in 2016, there is still no such actual thing as strong AI.
For anyone with an interest in [Socratic/Platonic moral intellectualism, and the view that knowledge is either sufficient or necessary for virtue](http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/ethics-ancient/#2) --and I know that's each and everyone of you--this essay includes some noteworthy counter-examples.  
Knowledge is fluid.  Learn from the past for the future.  Absorb ideas and knowledge until the grasp is good enough to evolve ones thinking and stance.  Freedom in the pursuit of knowledge allows for unbridled genius.  Restrictions put in place to ostracize or isolate individuals does not remove the fundamental despair associated with cages and paralysis.

If we live in cages of our own making, are we still free?  If our mind is the only cage we have control of, how do we extract ourselves from the impenetrable prisons we create for ourselves?

Pursue dreams of our own making and for our passions.  Suddenly one may feel alive and happy by dissolving the barrier between conscience thought and physical reality.  Metaphysical nature exists, enlighten, Renaissance, create and inspire if possible.  The one limit, is and always will be... Imagination
The thrust of the argument seems to be that economic liberalism is the best way to satisfy the Rawlsian principles of justice. Ok fine, for the sake of argument let's say that that policy decision turns out to be true. The author moves to set up a dichotomy between Hayek and Rawls where Hayek advocates this liberalism and Rawls...doesn't? The piece tries to paint Rawls into a corner where he can't label him as adhering to a particular set of *means* to form a just society. To turn Rawls into a policy wonk is to completely miss the point of the Rawlsian model. This piece comes off as just an attempt to advocate market liberalism under a veil of pseudo-intellectualism, and throws in some heavy handed sleights towards political correctness and the boogey man that is cultural marxism to let the reader know that the author isn't trying to actually engage Rawls or political philosophy at all.
"Cultural Marxism" is not a thing. 

This piece's thesis is pretty hard to discern. All the stuff about the Paralympics is basically a red herring, or pointless posturing before getting to the point, or half of an illustration of the point without the other half anywhere. The idea seems to be that letting people do more or less whatever they want turns out to the benefit of the least well off. That strikes me as clearly and unambiguously false, but even if it were true, that's not a problem for Rawls. Rawls simply says that the basic structure of society ought to be arranged such that it satisfies the two principles of justice. If giving people freedom to do whatever they want gives that result, then we give people freedom to do whatever they want. The end.
This AMA is being permanently archived by *The Winnower*, a publishing platform that offers traditional scholarly publishing tools to traditional *and* non-traditional scholarly outputs—because scholarly communication doesn’t just happen in journals.

To cite this AMA please use: [https://doi.org/10.15200/winn.147438.86640](https://www.thewinnower.com/papers/5420-ama-announcement-monday-9-26-12pm-et-kenneth-m-ehrenberg-alabama-on-philosophy-of-law)

You can learn more and start contributing at [*thewinnower.com*](https://thewinnower.com)

This is the first chapter of Kenneth Ehrenberg's *The Functions of Law* (OUP 2016). OUP is offering a 30% discount on the book: UK addressees can use the code ALAUTH16 and US addressees can use the code ALAUTHC4 for 30% off. Thanks to OUP for making the chapter freely available as well.

Professor Ehrenberg will also be doing an AMA here on /r/philosophy **Monday September 26 at 12PM ET**.

**BOOK DESCRIPTION**:

> This book seeks to contribute to a legal positivist picture of law by defending two metaphysical claims about law and investigating their methodological implications. One claim is that the law is a kind of artifact, a thoroughgoing human creation for performing certain tasks or accomplishing certain goals. That is, artifacts are generally understood in terms of their functions. When discussing artifacts, the notion of function need not be as mysterious or problematic as might be the case with biological functions. The other claim is that the law is an institution, a specific kind of artifact that creates artificial roles which allow for the establishment and manipulation of rights and duties among those subject to the institution. The methodological implication of this picture of law is that it is best understood in terms of the social functions that it performs and that the job of the legal philosopher is to investigate those functions. This position is advanced against non-positivist theories of law that nonetheless rely upon notions of law’s function, and is also advanced against positivist pictures that tend to de-emphasize or overlook the central role that function must play to understand the nature of law. One key implication of this picture is that it can help explain how law might give people reasons to act beyond its use of force to do so.
Here's the first paragraph as a summary of the paper:

> Disability rights activists often claim that being disabled isn’t something that’s bad for you.
Disability is, rather, a natural part of human diversity - something that should be valued and
celebrated, rather than pitied and ultimately ‘cured’. But though this view is common among
disability rights activists, many (perhaps most) philosophers find it implausible and radical. A major
objection to such views of disability - one which tries to reinforce the idea that the position is
deeply implausible - is this: were they correct, they would make it permissible to cause disability
and, for similar reasons, impermissible to cause non-disability (or impermissible to ‘cure’ disability,
to use the value-laden term). The aim of this paper is to show that these twin objections don’t
succeed. We can appeal to neither the permissibility of causing disability nor the impermissibility of
causing non-disability to undermine the disability-positive position.

If one doesn't like the typesetting on this document, there's a neater version on [JSTOR](http://www.jstor.org/stable/10.1086/677021), for those with access.

Edit: For an alternative, somewhat longer summary of the paper and the arguments therein, see [this short review](http://peasoup.typepad.com/peasoup/2014/11/ethics-discussion-at-pea-soup-elizabeth-barnes-valuing-disability-causing-disability-with-critical-p.html) of it by Tom Dougherty. That page also contains some discussion of the paper by some professional philosophers.
Just to let you know, the reason why you heard "for the cure" is so the corporations "giving money" to these causes can claim that they're going to accomplish something that's possibly not feasible at all to begin with = which means it's a waste of money to invest in, intentionally, so the business can make a profit - this was and still is very widespread with the breast cancer foundation "Komen".

Unfortunately this article won't lead to changes because this is a legal issue, this is an ethics issue.

There needs to be a bill that makes it illegal for companies to profit off of disease. It doesn't matter if it's ads, trademarks, medicine - when something is literally part of your HUMAN RIGHTS it is not up for sale. Maybe the governments we have should start recognizing that we're being abused and manipulated by both them and corporations, for corporate profit.
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
He also has two courses on Coursera: [Effective Altruism](https://www.coursera.org/learn/altruism) and Practical Ethics (to be released).


I took Professor Singer's Bioethics course @ Princeton - it was called Practical Ethics. One of the most illuminating, controversial courses offered.

The truth is, though, 99% of the controversy is stirred by a lack of understanding of his theses.

He a utilitarian, so he frames everything as net good vs net evil

He's also a pragmatist who draws the line around shellfish (for sentience), in terms of intrinsic value (things we are allowed to eat vs not)

Combine these two, it's not so far fetched that he speculate infanticide / euthanization of severely disabled people. A being who is severely retarded, in severe pain, not self aware, and future is highly probability of increase net suffering of the world (hard life on child, parents etc)

Along these lines arguments for infanticide for example are designed to end immense suffering (spina bifida, for example, as morally acceptable instances of infanticide) or someone who is severely retarded that the parents are not in condition to care for.

There are gray lines, right and wrong are not clear in ethics, and that's precisely why it's fascinating. He pushes the boundary of our own beliefs, makes us question our own understand of ethics. The most impressive part is his ability to do this a way everyone can understand and have an opinion

edit: right* - also please I don't think we should euthanize mildly medical cases - I believe conundrum exists only in severe cases
[removed]
Read one of his essays from Norton Reader in high school. His rhetoric is really down-to-earth but still points out the contradictions of human morality very well. A bizzare but effective philosopher
Met the professor once in Melbourne, the most humble and down-to-earth guy you could find. 
"Despite their brevity, the essays do not shirk the big moral questions including perhaps the biggest of all: can there be objectively true answers to the question of how one ought to act? In a piece about “On What Matters” by Derek Parfit, a philosopher, Mr Singer distils more than 1,400 pages of argument down to a scant three and concurs with him that moral judgments can, indeed, be true or false."

Oh boy. I'm awfully curious about this.
Seems like mods are just removing anything that's not positive in support of Singer. The top comments aren't in direct response to the content of the essays, nor could any real discussion be had on the content of a bunch of essays in the same thread that they're posted. This post is a general "here's a body of a philosopher's work, discuss".  

Stop censoring and controlling the narrative--let people discuss how they want.

Stop deleting comments.
Say what you want about Peter Singer, that dude can bite the fuck out of a bullet!

[removed]
Highly recommend reading Animal Liberation. 
alright good stuff!
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
I just read the intro to the book (after reading this comment thread and reading about the disabled women who so bravely met the author/hard questions about whether she should have been terminated as a baby and the like). The author  is right in his thinking on certain matters for sure (questioning status quo etc.) , but his atheistic pontifications are in need of a challenge as all his previous apologetic conversations he strikes down with ease(his account not mine). I'll sum up my thoughts here for now, but don't mind going in further if you pm me. 

In regards to the chapter in the authors book - God and suffering, again:  
I assume that as redditors you've probably all seen the Netflix show "Stranger Things." If you haven't, the analogous section to Adam and Eve and, thus the aftermath of sin could go like this. In stranger things a government entity learns of a little girl who has telepathic/ special powers that they can exacerbate through deprivation tank apparatuses. These allow her to access a kind of layer of reality that she can then find out information for the government entities top secret benefit. They push her too far and as a result she discovers a demonic looking creature in the middle space between our reality and its. She becomes afraid and her intuition is to stop doing the work for the government but they press her to keep gathering Intel in this middle space. On her next trip not only does she find the demon like creature but it finds a portal into our world world because of their meeting. 
Now, when God created the world it was Perfect, and He said don't eat the "apple." Which could be analogous to the girls intuition that she shouldn't be messing around in this exacerbated middle place with the scary demon). Once the demon opened that portal, it was forever opened. He it was now able to open portals anywhere. Which is analogous to life after the fall. "For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the authorities, against the powers of this dark world and against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly realms. Ephesians 6:12 That's why their is suffering. 
"
Why would God allow this if He is all powerful (and let's throw in all good and perfect for good measure)?" Its another question with another analogy (or shall I dare say, a parable). 

I learned on Reddit today, that some of the most basic early transistors were vacuum tubes.  Achieved their basic transistor like function through introducing a current of electricity through a vacuum apparatus to change the magnetism (+ or -) of ions (or electrons or something magical, not sure) that would then complete a closed path. This  then gave the sign to a observer, or computer that the transistor is on. 
The electrical current is analogous to pain. More overarching though would be the drama of Jesus Christ's redeeming power to make right (+) the earthlings who disobeyed Gods instructions (-). We, the earthlings and for that matter all that exists inside this apparatus (including the animals, plants, stars and so forth) are the ions. 

The big picture in its most basic form is that God has created (and in our time scale is in the process of creating) a circuit or transistor that is complete and is closed. Protected from death (or the upside down place from the Netflix show) and is as immaculate as the transistors capacity to handle current before breaking. (He knows what he is doing.)
So, that's a good God, who maintains perfection, while also struts his capacity to create awesome (literal meaning of the word) transistors. 
I don't know a ton about "ethics" or the author, but in the end as long as we work on figuring out what our subjective/objective moral judgments are (and actuating them). Then we are all climbing the same mountain, just different sides. "And so I tell you, every kind of sin and slander can be forgiven, but blasphemy against the Spirit will not be forgiven" Mathew 12:31-32. So keep climbing. 

Lastly, the transistor concept is interesting to me because it reflects some of the ideas that have been shooting around about how we are in a simulation. The best thing that comes from that idea is that our souls (program) could be re-instantiated into a sim that's designed in and for a higher dimension. Aka Heaven. 
[From Singer's *'Equality for Animals?'*](http://www.utilitarian.net/singer/by/1979----.htm)
> How can anyone waste their time on equality for animals when so many humans are denied real equality? This attitude reflects a popular prejudice against taking the interests of animals seriously - a prejudice no better founded than the prejudice of white slaveowners against taking the interests of blacks seriously. 

Singer's "ethics" include equating human life with animal life, seeing no greater significance in a human life than that of an animal's, besides the "suffering" a human's loved ones may feel if they were gone. This is offensive.

Also offensive is the notion that animals in bondage is an evil on par with that of holding blacks as slaves. No, a farm animal is not morally equivalent to a human, and trying to philosophize this idea should be taken about as seriously as pondering eugenics (which, not surprisingly, [is a similarity Germans have noticed and has made him not very popular on their soil](http://www.bioedge.org/bioethics/peter-singer-disinvited-from-german-philosophy-festival/11491)).

Singer disgusts me and I'm even more disgusted that his writings are taken seriously in foundation courses at many colleges.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
I love this series, and have enjoyed every part up until this one. 

I HATE this episode. 

1) They never really define harm. If you offend someone how have you harmed them? Is being offended the same thing as being harmed? 

2) The narrator repeatedly mentions the difference between speaker meaning and audience understanding, but fails to apply it to this situation. As long as the audience understands that you are not being intentionally insulting, it doesn't matter what words you use. If the audience is bound and determined to take offense at every single utterance you make, it doesn't matter what words you use. 

3) The idea that certain words have meaning "baked in" that cannot be "unbaked" is incredibly lazy. Given time and effort words can take entirely new meanings (as pointed out by previous episodes). Even terrible words such as "N______" or "C____" can be turned into words with new meanings given a concerted effort among speakers. 

4) I really really don't get the baby example. Isn't the reason baby is a term of endearment is because you are pampering them, caring for them, loving them as if they were literally your baby. I will make you feel safe even when you are weak (or sick) or vulnerable is part of what makes it a term of endearment. 

5) Continuing with the baby thing, except for the troublemaker and winner examples. People don't tend to change, at least not quickly. If someone did something that caused you to even think they were a troublemaker, odds are they will do so again. This has nothing to do with the words you end up uttering. Same with winner. Blaming the words seems to ignore that persons past history. 

In short, words can do harm. The words in a legal contract can cost great deals of money. The words in the law can prevent or inflict great physical harm. Words can even marry (as discussed previously on this series). However, I don't see what this episode is really attempting to communicate. Sorry Crash course. 27/28 is still good. Just do better next time. 
I don't quiet understand the part of the video about hate speech.  The lawyer argues that words like "Faggot" constitute hate speech and shouldn't be protected because they bundle essential self identity with negative connotations, but then wouldn't the statement "gay people are evil/wrong/disgusting" also be hate speech?  It too takes what is (in this video stated to be) an essential self identity and declares it negative, so why is there a difference between doing so with 1 word vs 4?
Has anyone ever investigated bigoted slurs as speech acts?  Speech acts are utterances that do more than what we expect from the descriptive/expressive uses of language.  An example of a speech act is saying "I do" in a wedding ceremony.
Nagel's essays and reviews are some of the best. I'm surprised by the relatively elementary mistakes the author reviewed supposedly made, as they're pretty common ones and so corrected quite often too. Nagel elucidates the mistakes and corrections rather well.
Can we please not use rape as a standard example?

>  If some poor dog has lost its leg you are not claiming that this animal is no longer a dog. You are claiming that some characteristic historical feature of dogs is missing. The same goes for the “no true Scotsman is a sex maniac” example.

With the Scotsman example, you are socially distancing yourself from a fellow Scot who has done a thing of which you disapprove. You wouldn't say of a tripod: "Well, it's not a *true* dog."

> But you can just imagine the reaction if European-Americans tried to have European-American celebrations, festivals, parades, or holidays.

Because it's code for historically white people. Things specific to white people in the US tend to be about oppressing people who are not white. If you speak about a specific ethnicity from Europe, on the other hand, there's a lot more that's specific to it. A common language, like Basque or Catalan or Welsh, which is something Europe as a whole never had. Attire. Holidays. Foods. That kind of thing.

The primary commonality within Europe is Christianity, not an ethnicity, and nobody complains about Christianity centers or festivals. There are some places with a Christianity center for every couple hundred people, and Christianity camp is pretty popular in a lot of areas. Christianity isn't constrained to people of European extract -- it spread in various forms throughout the Roman Empire back when that was a thing, and in the eighteen centuries since, it's spread to pretty much everywhere. And it started in the Middle East anyway.
I would say the citizenry of any free society must have generally informed citizens.  Not only in philosophy, but basic maths, religion, and science.  The more education the better is my philosophy when it comes to politics.  It's like buying a new product.  You must be an informed consumer in order to make the most optimal choices relative to your life situation.  
**ABSTRACT**:

> Is truth itself natural? This is an important question for both those working on truth and those working on naturalism. For theorists of truth, answering the question of whether truth is natural will tell us more about the nature of truth (or lack of it), and the relations between truth and other properties of interest. For those working on naturalism, answering this question is of paramount importance to those who wish to have truth as part of their natural order. In this paper, we focus primarily on the kinds of theories of truth that occupy the central positions in current debates about truth, namely correspondence theories, deflationary theories, epistemic theories, and pluralist theories, and aim to discern the extent to which truth is a natural property on each view.
Reddit hug of death. 
An 80mb 1,653 page PDF... what were they thinking?
The papers are listed individually here: http://open-mind.net/papers

Awesome, thanks a lot for the link!
Is there anything in there about how I can download this into my brain?
Ah you are awesome! Thank you!
Wow, awesome share. Thanks SO much.
Kathinca Evers has a really good piece in this. 
Thank you very much :)
Anybody read some pieces and has some feedback?
Looks interesting 
TL;DR - Brains and thinking and stuff
Great collection of papers from diverse schools, I look forward to reading these.  
  &nbsp;    
My first thought, reading , is should this sub apply Rapaport's Rules as described by Dennett and listed in "Qualia explained away" by David Blasser?:  
  &nbsp;    
1. “You should attempt to re-express your target’s position so
clearly, vividly, and fairly that your target says, ‘Thanks, I wish I’d
thought of putting it that way.’”  
2. “You should list any points of agreement (especially if they are
not matters of general or widespread agreement).”  
3. “You should mention anything you have learned from your target.”  
4. “Only then are you permitted to say so much as a word of rebuttal or criticism.”  
I CAN'T READ
[removed]
Solid argument for Jesus. Horrible argument for humans. 
First of all, if they people attacking him are under the control of hallucinations and are "being controlled" to murder you, then those people have lost their agency and therefore, killing them off wouldn't make a shred of difference to their "well-being." Much like aborting a fetus, it doesn't have any self agency, and therefore according to man's laws, it isn't a person. 
I'm still not seeing the problem...
Is the problem of self-defense that of being uncertain of the "transcendent existence of others," or something else?  Isn't it that the attacker's motivations are at least suspect?  Given the choice of killers for neighbors, I'd would rather have a defender than an attacker.
>by accepting to die, he can save the lives of **multiple fellow conscious beings,** and he does not shy away from this because of his special relationship with himself

considering that those  **multiple fellow conscious beings,** are doing their best to kill him instead of running away from the gun. I would say that killing in self defense is justified.
> *Nevertheless, from a moral point of view, no one will consider that the man who kills scores of people to save his own life is a good man, as the lives of several fellow conscious beings must be worth more than the life of one conscious being.*

Actually, I have never met anyone who would fault the man who killed.
I don't think many moral realists would want to associate with your idea here, as this appears to be a new low for moral realists.

You shouldn't kill in self defense because the lives of those attacking you are precious.  Oh, and your life, as the person defending yourself?  Give it up so the utilitarians can chalk up a little less overall suffering on their great meaningless scoreboard of suffering (which records only deaths apparently).

What kind of deluded worldview leads you to think a few lives in either direction matters in a universe that's billions of years old?

Yes, those poor hallucinating fellows are dead, but if your only options are kill or die (escape and incapacitation being hypothetically impossible), the natural selection is to kill for the sake of the gene pool, not to sacrifice oneself to utilitarian fantasies.
Near-impossible task. The universal prevalance of religion, and the study of morality being the proviso of a tiny elite, made this more achieveable in the past. 'God says this is how it is, so that is how it is'. Without something like that to get people into line, I don't know how you can do it. Not that you're wrong though.
Perhaps the "ethical" positions you mention are all essentially comic book formulas. The sense of *necessity* you bring up would appear to  suggest digging deeper.
To summarise the core of my argument:
We have a lot of different ethical theories in the world, and many of them conflict in certain scenarios, resulting in zero-sum games. I argue that converging on an ethical theory is one of the most important things we can do.
I read that as plagiarism. I didn't realize until he said the word aloud. Boy do I feel silly. 
Sounds like a bad rehash of Objectivism.
I think this is a pretty good summary.  One of the big major points to recognize is that Descartes was not operating in a vacuum, but in many ways responding to a culture that sought philosophic grounding in ancient works.  People like Descartes and Bacon are rebelling against the idea that we should defer to the writings of Aristotle as the foundation of knowledge-- and in fairness, there's no sign that Aristotle actually intended to become the object of unquestioned authority.

This movie does a pretty good idea of explaining Descartes first big move, which is the famous "cogito ergo sum" idea.  When he starts from doubting everything, the first thing that he feels comfortable assuming is that he must exist.  To paraphrase the argument briefly, he has direct experience of his thoughts and perceptions, which tells him that there must be something thinking and perceiving, even if the thoughts and perceptions are incorrect.

The other single biggest argument is about whether he can trust any of his other perceptions, and it's very difficult to understand, especially so since his arguments bring up the idea of God and/or Satan (a evil genius/deceiver/demon), which ends up being pretty controversial for a lot of people.  However, his argument is ultimately not a religious argument, and it breaks down like this:

If I take the content of my perceptions, there are really two basic possibilities.  Either my thoughts and perceptions are being made *by something* to conform to reality *to some extent*, or my thoughts and perceptions are complete fiction and thoroughly untrustworthy.  I have no way of knowing for sure, but if it's the latter, then the situation is completely hopeless and I can never know anything.  Therefore my only option is to assume the former, that my thoughts and perceptions at least bear some resemblance to reality, even if they're sometimes lead astray.
Thought does not imply a thinker. Doubt does not imply a doubter. These are just conventions of language. Our language necessitates an agent who "does" things. In reality there is no need for this.

Take the sentence "It is raining". Language demands there is an agent doing the raining, the "it". In reality there is no agent, there is only "raining". Same as in "I am thinking". There is merely "thinking" or thought, but no one doing the thinking, no thinker.

Surprises me people do not see this simple fact.
Woah, thank you for this! I've just started A Level Philosophy and we covered this yesterday, so I needed a bit of revision material. Perfect timing and excellent video :)
I doubt, therefore I am.
Long story short, he rambles on about all the possibilities of his existence then after exhausting all those, decides at the end there must be a god, and the fact he can think proves his existence on some level.
Is there any way to refute this? Has any other philosopher or person come up with an actual argument I think therefore I am?
"I think, therefore I am" begs the question. The argument does not establish an "I", it assumes it. A correct cogito argument is, "this is a thought, therefore throughts exist".

Establishing the existence of a true subject is not nearly so easy, or materialism would have long since been discredited.
Thought is meaningless and has no relation to being.
When we learned this in school my teacher explained to this girl how answers are not what strive philosophers to do what they do. He gave an example that Descartes also said that a part of our brain was a pinecone or something like that, I've tried looking it up but couldn't find anything. Does this say anything to any one? Can you explain it to me please?
I feel that the Cogito Argument works well on a practical level, but I don't understand how it can escape his radical doubt. He doubts his senses and his intuitions, but seems to take reason for granted. Couldn't reason be in error through the same logic he uses to doubt mathematical truths?
I had a drink thrown on me by a pretentious woman that couldn't name him based on his famous quote. She had previously claimed to have been a philosophy major. Descartes' quote is the only thing I remember from my freshman philosophy class. I was trying to "exist" with her, it didn't work out for me that night.
What happens when you (successfully) meditate?  If you are not thinking you are not a being? What about sleeping?
Poor Descartes. The father of modern Philosophy, ergo, the scapegoat of our era. Centuries of Philosophers building their theories on why Descartes was wrong.

Here's a nice experiment: try arguing *in favor* of Descartes. It is a much harder task than you would assume. I believe Emmanual Levinas did a decent job at this, but it's been a while; it could have been someone tangentially related :/
I think... Therefore, I am... not 100% sure.
**Summary:**
"I think, therefore I am" - almost everyone has heard of René Descartes' famous cogito argument. But what is this argument about? What does it show, and why are so many philosophers excited about it - even today, more than 350 years after Descartes first presented this argument?  In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Stephan Schmid](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/stephan-schmid) (Humboldt) explores these questions.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi
1. I think, therefore I am.
2. I sleep, therefore I stop thinking.
3. I stop thinking everyday, therefore (maybe) I cease everyday.
4. If I cease everyday, how do I know it is I who wakes?
There are hundreds of videos and articles out there who cover this topic, what motivates you to create another one?
Descartes famous sentence is "cogito ergo sum" 
I thought this argument was his proof that hard solipsism wasn't true?
I am, therefore I think
I think, therefore I am, therefore because of rule 34, there is a porn of me
Cogito! The name of my Epic department!
I always found this interesting. Monks meditate for days weeks and even months at a time. They shut off their minds and aren't thinking at all.
But they are indeed being with their surroundings.

Does meditation make his theory wrong?
Do I think? Does a submarine swim?
harvest the land
Are we truly in control of our own brains? Quantitatively I'd say no. Sure we do things like eat, sleep, go to work, and what ever else will it. But these things are so second hand its like there is no thought out process, we just do. Nothing at least that I will stop to think about on a daily basis. Life to me is so natural that it's almost bothersome in a way. I feel as if my existence is not completely in my control. Thoughts?
Holy cow, what did you do to my brain?
So if he is worried about being deceived how is he so sure his thoughts are pure and not being deceived?

When he says when we doubt we cannot doubt that we doubt but under what rational? If he is worried about deception at any point or place I'm reality then even the atoms or elements that comprise myself may be fallacious and hence even my own thoughts?
What exists without the thought?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LzHmunZxJeM
I feel like it means exactly what'll it sounds like. 
This wasn't much more of an explanation than the sentence itself 

???
The cogito fails insofar as it assumes the existence of truth and logic while remaining skeptical of these two things. It denies the existence of everything besides the doubt, then brings into existence again different concepts unjustly. Why am I to suppose, given that I am a fallible creature capable of error in the most basic perception, the existence of logic or truth?

I read- on a comment on reddit, actually- that he first wrote the words in his native French: Je pons, donc je suis (at least I think that's how you spell it).
Friedrich Nietzsche criticized the phrase in that it presupposes that there is an "I", that there is such an activity as "thinking", and that "I" know what "thinking" is.
It makes more sense to say: "I am, therefore I think." The "I" idea comes first. Not thought.
Aye I studied him in my HS Philosophy class a couple weeks back. Now we're studying Hume. 
Does he also say pass through the the iris? 
Rene Descartes was a drunken fart /
I drink therefore I am!
I am, therefore I think. A lot less controversial. 
"I am." then proceed to watch thoughts appear through no actual doer named "I". 
1) Thinking things exist

2) I am a thinking thing (here, he implicitly states his existence before actually concluding he exists)

3) Therefore, I exist.

this is logically trivial and almost completely uninteresting.

EDIT: furthermore, the notion of proving something using logic is absolutely absurd. Munchhausen's Trilemma dog.
i tink, derfore i am
I am, therefore i think.
But but but... I think therefore I am is a crappy translation! Missing the point if travelling this road...
A major weakness of this paper is that it suggests a way to give probabilities to sentences, but the method proposed does not yield the answers that are used in the motivating examples.  They say that the probability that  the nth digit of pi is a 7 should be 1/10.  But, as far as I can see, their method firstly does not wok for this example, as the nth digit of pi in computable in linear time, and secondly, even if a non polynomial time sequence is used the probability will not necessarily be 1/10.  Any probability is justifiable for a random sequence, so long as the other probabilities assigned add up in the usual way.
  
I could be wrong, but while the probability of the f(n)th digit of pi being 7 is 1/10 in aggregate over many n, this does not mean that it has to be 1/10 for a particular n.  Suppose for a particular f(n), call it n0, some large number, we let the probability be 1/50.  There is a dutch bookie that buys these shares, but there is also a dutch bookie that buys the share "the n0th digit is 6", and it is right (suppose), so it makes money.  Perhaps some property of the ordering of bookies makes certain bookies show up earlier than others, and causes things to average out?

I agree that the construction, as I understand it, creates an assignment that is not polynomial time exploitable.  What I do not see is why this non-exploitable assignment will necessarily give 1/10 to this problem.  Where in the paper is the connection between non-exploitability, and the intuitive probabilities that we would guess, made?
This is simply amazing work, unbelievable, i can't even began to imagine what it will lead too with modern tech and future tech. 

Ok so truthfully i did not read all of it because most of the math is just beyond me but i can follow some of it, and from what i understand so far its just amazing work. 

Simply genius! 
What happens when you become so proficient in your second language that you think quicker in it than in your native language? If the researchers hypothesize that the increased propensity for utilitarianism is caused by that extra moment of deliberation, they should test that with a group of people who've learned the second language while they were young and are fluent but who don't get to practice their first language often 
[deleted]
I'm the narrator for the Audible version of this article. It was a pretty interesting one to me because I almost pursued a linguistics degree in college but changed majors. The audio version should be posted sometime later this week or early next.

It appears to me that I don't even think in words most of the time. Mostly only when I'm specifically trying to formulate a message that I'll have to communicate. The rest of the time it seems to be some sort of images or gestalts that represent concepts in some kind of visual way that makes sense to me. Its hard to describe.

Funny thing - If you ever find something to be hard to describe, I could assume that you weren't thinking it in words to begin with. 

Not sure what this means to the article, but I guess not everyone works the same.
I brought this subject up once at a dinner party the Friday or Saturday (I don't remember the exact) after 9/11/01 and no one believed me.  Either I explained it horribly or everyone was still trying to figure out how people could do such a thing
I'm surprised that the article did not touch on the cultural aspect of language or subconscious nationalist attitudes.
I think the comments here miss the point. No one said they didn't think about the moral judgements. And whose to say that they weren't thought about in the native language? As opposed to read or heard in the foreign. Though I do believe the author to be correct in her supposition that native languages carry with them the weight of emotion and prior context, I also think that this may carry with it complications about how international organizations interact with eachother. For example, take the show Narcos. Agent Peña speaks primarily Spanish when interacting with the Colombian Police. What if his native language was English? Would he be more likely to make more logical decisions as a DEA agent in Columbia that he would in the US? I'm not sure how this could be tested for but the evidence presented in the article says yes.

Edit: Spelling because apparently I'm an uncultured fool (my assessment)
I'm skeptical of attempts to study moral reasoning by asking people about the trolley problem.  To what extent (if at all) does pondering an abstract, hypothetical question match our actual deliberation processes when dealing with actual, real-life moral dilemmas? It seems like so many morally relevant factors (such as our capacity to be moved emotionally by the perceived distress of another person) are left out in the process.
This now explains why to this day, when English is more native to me than the language i grew up speaking, i would never dare swear in my native language, and hearing someone else swear in it shocks me, while i can unleash the worst f-bomb attack without batting an eyelash.
This gets progressively harder the more varied the languages are regarding their grammar, syntax, cultural influence, etc.

I speak Japanese as well as I speak English, and verbs coming at the end of the sentence in Japanese can really screw you up in English if you put too much thought in it. I can't tell if I'm more interested in the apple I'm eating or the actual concept of eating.

English: Eat an apple
Japanese: Apple eat (crude but true)
News flash!  Difficult moral judgments can change if you ponder them.
Is it not because your native language carries emotional weight in the words that a learned language does not?
If you want it, this effect can be used in your own language. WhenI was little (around 8) my father teached me a trick: If you have trouble going through an argument because a word offends you, then change it to something neutral and redefine the new term. Example: In an argument I may have to use the term "fascist" in a descriptive, nor-judgemental way, to make a point. To avoid clouding my consciousness with the inner rage connected to that term (I "know" that fascists are eating babies, destroying culture, and may even (*shudder*) be MAGA suporters ) I begin by chosing a neutral term ('smith' or whatever) and mentally list the necessary attributes (taken from the dictionary definition of "fascism") and then continue to use the new wordin my mind, just up to the point of vocalisation, where I will exchange the ersatz word ('smith') with the correct word for the term "fascism", which is the word 'fascism'. That way I avoid inner turmoil, and can use calm and rational arguments. To us who are too emotion-controlled, that is an easy 5-10 extra IQ points. Throughout my life if have used this technique, and the only downside I have found, is that I have to think quick - it do not work if I'm drunk or tired. But I have also learned that some people HATE the thought that this is possible, so to avoid getting punched in the face I only mention this technique to those who have demonstrated capacity for nuanced thinking.
I don't think in any particular language, but all speak English more proficiently.
[removed]
As a French I often see English as a language of business. It caries less emotion for me to say I love than its French equivalent. On the other end my wife whose mother language isn't French prefers to say it in French.
that explains why I tend to use English even French words when I discuss some sensitive social issues with my friends like gay sex or prostitution instead of using Chinese...
Canadien government en Francois 
I believe the difference comes from the fact that it's simply more difficult to think at all in a second language. Or more darkly, it's possible that we simply value human life less when we're talking about foreigners. 
Numbers alone do not create a morally equivalent situation. In the first hypothetical situation, both the group of people and the individual are in danger, we are left only to choose which we can save. We naturally choose to save more. In the second scenario, we're asked to kill an innocent bystander who was NOT in danger. This is murder. Our motivation (to save a larger group) doesn't change that and won't be accepted as a defense in court either. We're being asked to kill someone, when we can obviously save the group by another means. If it's possible to save the people by throwing someone into the path of the train (a highly unlikely scenario anyway) then it would be morally right to sacrifice ourselves by leaping onto the tracks, but not to murder someone else. 

Interesting study, but it so frustrating when papers reference the run-away trolly thought experiment without attributing it to the philosopher who gave it to us.  
It is somehow true. Bengali s in 🇮🇳 speak in English when they are supercharged and 😡 angry
Check out the sapir-wharf theory about this article.
I could probably be counted. From birth, was taught both English and Spanish. Was educated in both languages (Spanish immersion elementary school) from Kindergarten to 5th grade, so I was a "Native" speaker of both until I was around 10 years old. I watched TV programs and movies in either language. Listened to music in either. I thought and dreamt in both languages. There wasn't a specific situation that triggered one or the other. My family (except my dad) spoke both at home. My brain would just switch back and forth to thinking in whatever language I was speaking in. 

In 6th grade, I switched to a German program, and have been taking German lessons ever since (I'm 24 now, so 14 years of German). I have forgotten almost all of my Spanish, but consider myself fluent in English and German. Most of my technical vocabulary is in English, so I tend to default to English online, and when speaking in a technical / academic setting (I live in an English speaking country, and English is the only language at work as well). But I have no problem switching back and forth between the two languages. In fact, because of how German is structured, I can pick up a technical manual and piece my way through it. German uses compound nouns, so long, complex words are just a bunch of smaller words thrown together. For example, Porsche's automatic transmission (a dual clutch automatic) is a Doppelkupplungsgetriebe. "Doppel" means double. "Klupplung" means clutch or coupling. "Getriebe" is gearing. Literally all three of those words are English cognates, so it's easy to put together. 

I always hated English class growing up, so I couldn't tell you much about English grammar. But German grammar has been drilled into me. I could honestly tell you more about tenses and cases and parts of speech in German than I could in English. 

I've heard of this theory before, though -- that people think more critically, are less biased, and can express honest opinions easier in a second language than in their native language. I can't really decide if I agree or not. When working on something in German, it does take me slightly more mental effort. However, culturally, German is a more direct language. When speaking German, you don't use as many pleasantries as you do in English. Germans are very straightforward about everything. If you ask a German "does this make me look fat?" (And it does), Germans will have no problem pointing this out, whereas English speakers (or, at least, Americans) will brush it off with pleasantries. 
I think this confirms the study of linguistics and sociology along with philosophy; which is, that our thoughts are largely determined by our language syntax and semiotic processes. Not to mention since we are all individuals, even within these same language categories we can come to different conclusions of morality as well. Interesting read!
That's some junk cultural relativism there. 
This article has nothing to do with philosophy. Philosophy isn't the study of how people think, that is left to the behavioral sciences.

Morality isn't relative.
Morality is the the result of gradually overcoming our natural instincts for competition and survival of the fittest with learnt rules and traditions. If you analyze morality through the lens of Hayek, you find it is merely that--overcoming instinct with tradition that makes society more productive and cohesive because generally accepted traditions and rules (like altruism, empathy) overcome our natural instinct for competition and allow humans to achieve group progress. 
[removed]
An interesting quotes that might intrigue you:

>To repeat, Cartesian dualism was a perfectly respectable scientific doctrine, disproven by Newton, who exorcised the machine, leaving the ghost intact, contrary to what is commonly believed.

It's probably best to post these at links - that way people don't have to go through two clicks, especially on mobile. 

Very glad you're posting them!
> I felt like MacKinnon had a very weak argument. To me it seems that she wants to redefine positions of power and powerlessness as male and female respectively. All the while claiming that this won't be toxic. 

I don't think that's really fair.  By the 2-minute mark, she is already explaining why she takes it to be the case that masculine and feminine stand in that power relation.  She certainly is not just asserting this.  

> I'm not sure to what end this serves. 

And by the 3-minute mark, she is explaining what end this serves--namely, that it aids our understanding of these phenomena, and aids our understanding of how to combat these phenomena.  

And when talking about prostitution, and then child soldiers, she seems to be giving some pretty clear examples of the relevance of gender, and how this helps to illuminate those institutions.  


In general it's better to post these as links so people don't have to go through multiple clicks.
Haven't listened to philosophy bite for a while, must catch up
Yeah. Thats pretty much her deal. Kind of a one-trick pony.
> Basically, all arguments I've heard against abuse of animals say the reasons it is wrong is because it uses a kind of "might makes right" or discriminatory morals, equating this sort of speciesism with racism and etc.

You should read some of Peter Singer's articles on the topic, which present a much better version of the argument than the ones you seem to have encountered.

While my summary is no substitute for reading in depth, the very short version of the utilitarian argument against factory farming is that it makes the world a worse place. It creates enormous animal suffering and kills billions of animals per year, it is enormously wasteful because factory farms convert edible grains into meat highly inefficiently, and the only benefit is that it produces meat which is relatively cheap. Seeing as we don't *need* to eat factory farmed meat in 2016, since vegetable alternatives that meet all our dietary needs exist and can be found in any supermarket, this seems to be strictly a matter of convenience or preference. Thus the net result is a huge increase in suffering and a huge waste of edible calories, in exchange for some convenience and eating pleasure.

That is the argument, at least. Make of it what you will.

Also most but not all moral philosophies hold that there is some kind of moral value in treating beings well even when they can't get you back for treating them badly. Some might even say that the only moral acts are the ones you do for moral reasons and not out of fear that someone might get you back. So few moral philosophies would say that it is morally okay to hurt or exploit animals *just because* we can get away with doing so, or *just because* we do not have to worry about someone doing it to us in turn.
>but to determine what action a person should take to try and achieve a better way of living for himself or others

Are you including non-human mammals under "others"? That completely changes the interpretation.

Anyway, the animal rights position claims that many or most animals, different as they are from humans, share enough neurological similarities to be considered sentient, and so are subject to most of the moral standards we apply to humans (e.g. harming or killing for personal gain is unethical).

Most debates of this nature come down to whether one agrees or disagrees with the idea that animals are sentient, or at least sentient enough to be considered worthy of attributing fundamental rights to them.
Firstly, you have great misconceptions about the nature of morality. Yes, things are not good or bad in-itself, but that doesn't mean morality is reduced to a cynical contractural scheme, where things are only labelled as "good" if they are directly practical to a person. You correctly say "killing is deemed wrong, because if everyone went around killing people, well, we'd all be killed.", but this isn't the root of why killing is deemed wrong-- or why anything is deemed wrong, for that matter. If someone murders in a forest, and no third party is there to perceive it, a correct construction of morality would still condemn the act. In the same light, an animal who suffers, lacking a human ally to have compassion for it, still endures a hardship that is real.  
"...the question is not, Can they reason? nor, Can they talk? but, Can they suffer?" -- Jeremy Bentham 

I'm not too deep into philosophy but I think I have a perspective that might be worth considering; I am a small family farmer and I butcher anywhere from 50 to 200 animals a year. I also balance economic gains versus animal welfare on a daily basis (also the welfare of the wildlife that may need my animals for survival as well, a good farm has a huge ecological impact) The quality of life of the animals is my primary concern because that is ultimately the service that I am supplying to my customers. Obviously the ambiguity there is - what sets the quality of life standard and why?

For me it boils down to defining what the needs of the animal are because by definition of the term raising, one assumes the responsibility of providing for the needs of the animal. That is done on a species by species basis because each species has its own needs that have to be estimated by our understanding of the animal. Much of the disgust that customers have with industrial farms comes from the fact that customers know that a certain animal has a specific need that, due to mass production, can not be meet by the industrialization of the animals livelihood.

The physical and emotional needs of the animal is more of a naturalist exercise. The needs of the animal are derived from understanding and characterizing the animals natural methods to the best of our ability. As our understanding of a species progress, so to does our ability to provide for that animal.

So in my opinion the ethical arguments associated with the trade are no different than the ethical arguments associated with most other trades. Did the farmer follow his responsibility associated with providing for the animal's needs and supply to his customers the services that were expected?


To many people, morality is about sorting actions into right and wrong. Kantians specifically sort into allowable vs. wrong. Other than this one line, your argument slants rather Kantian. 

Second, you seem to believe that morality only applies to humans. That is humans can revolt and harm you is the reason to be nice to other humans. A different approach is pleasure/pain. Beings that can experience pleasure or pain should be treated with moral significance. Animals can feel pain/pleasure. Some animals can even speak/think/emote. 

While personally I disagree with the animal rights movement (and thus agree with your overall tone). I do believe that animals deserve moral consideration, and therefore bring up the two previous points. 
Disclaimer: I'm not saying I believe or follow this and it's given as a “as far as i'm aware”
Nietzsche's position – who thought little to morality- a matter more of 'taste' than anything objective.  Why then is it wrong for the overman to be cruel? His reply was that it would be demeaning for the overman to so act. Inflicting needless cruelty is lowering...  Its a nice point IMO. As I say not one I follow, I'm a softie, but then N broke down at seeing a horse being needlessly whipped...
> ... morality and moral judgments are not to determine what is inherently "right" or "wrong," because nothing can be inherently like that...

That is what morality means. I have a moral system so I can almost always determine what is inherently "right" or "wrong. 

[**Simple Definition of morality**](http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/morality): 

    : beliefs about what is right behavior and what is wrong behavior

    : the degree to which something is right and good : the moral goodness or badness of something

For me, the abuse of animals is immoral.
[removed]
I dropped out of philosophy because of discussions like this.  You can go on for the rest of your life arguing points and always come to the conclusion that people think differently.  To not just totally bash your post and leave you with nothing, I believe an argument can be made that some people may see abusing animals as a violation of an unspoken interspecies social contract.  
This question is one that has always irked me, since I have no justifiable argument for my position. I've encountered people who are vegan in the worst way imaginable, that is to say, beating you over the head with their morals, and so whatever merit their stance had has been lost to me whenever they'd talk about animal cruelty and such.. 

I had heard of the statement that any creature capable of feeling pain and pleasure is therefore worthy of moral treatment. By that statement, I figured killing or harming any creature is bad, which seemed wrong to me. So I wondered how could treating one type of animal differently from another be justified. And I wonder if maybe it's inherently wrong to view animals on our terms. Surely, they don't bother with morality the way we do. And while a large part of their lives are instincts, they show they are sentient through their behaviors. But since they're parts of nature, they're part of a food chain of predators and prey. And from their perspective wouldn't we be predators to them? But I suppose what breaks the food chain is factory farming on our part. Since it's in a way reducing an animal to a lump of meat and resources. So maybe it'd be okay if animals were given more comfort before being killed? Because it shows more respect towards them? But the animals don't care for respect, so...

I know my argument isn't really an argument in any way and it's a mess, but my stance on it is that if given the choice to stop eating meat and dairy products to replace them with alternatives, I wouldn't give that up. I want meat as part of my diet. 
So this isn't about farmer Rick's late night visits to the sheep pen?  
Guess it's back to Penthouse Forum tonight 
You know animals are conscious how? Where is the science?
I really wanted to like this article, but ultimately I just found it disappointing. Forster does a good job at explaining how there are many possible interative conceptions, but I don't think he made a convincing case for why these other conceptions are iterative conceptions of *set*.

Consider Cantor's definition from 1895:

> By a "set" we are to understand any collection *M* of definite objects of our intuition or our thought into a whole.

In Forster's lasso imagery, this is exactly the first wand: the objects come from the lasso and the wand which makes them a set is this consideration of them as a unity. So it's quite natural to call the objects generated by iterating this process sets. 

One the other hand, if we do something to the things in the lasso which is more complicated than considering them as a unity, why should we expect what we get to be sets? For instance, a second wand could be to take a lasso with two elements and form their ordered pair. More generally, we could have wands which give lists, multisets, and the other collections from computing Forster mentions in section 4 as things which are not sets. So we shouldn't expect that any selection of wands will produce objects that we can faithfully call sets.

Of course, some wands may produce sets, but why do we think the resulting objects are sets? Is it because we trust that wand, or because we could produce the same objects by way of the Cantorian wand? If the objects can't come from the Cantorian wand, we need a reason to think that the wand they come from really does work as advertised. 

But Forster doesn't give a reason why his second wand, the complement wand, produces sets. At least to me, it doesn't seem to follow from the Cantorian view; this wand doesn't package a multiplicity into a unity but rather creates a unity from the ambient universe by taking everything that's not part of the multiplicity. It seems to rely upon the ambient universe already being there as an object we have access to. But this ambient universe is the absolute infinite, that which we cannot take as a unity.
**ABSTRACT**:

> The two expressions ‘The cumulative hierarchy’ and ‘The iterative conception of sets’
are usually taken to be synonymous. However, the second is more general than the first, in that there
are recursive procedures that generate some ill-founded sets in addition to well-founded sets. The
interesting question is whether or not the arguments in favour of the more restrictive version – the
cumulative hierarchy – were all along arguments for the more general version.

**AUTHOR**:

[Thomas Forster](https://www.dpmms.cam.ac.uk/~tf/), Life Associate of Clare Hall, Cambridge
> Philosophical confutation of the conceivability of humanlike zombies point out that has no sense to claim that a creature that can access and manipulate its interiority like we do can miss subjectivity.

This is the worst sentence ever. Maybe have a look at this [lecture](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OV5J6BfToSw) on writing style.
[deleted]
The Philosophical Zombie seems to me a rats nest of arguments that are difficult to discuss coherently without a reason for why one is invoking the concept. Arguing for / against dualism? Arguing for / against qualia? Debating the nature of consciousness or self-awareness? All closely related, but the particulars matter.
As an aside, you should have a native speaker of English go through your text and offer suggestions. There are a number of poorly formed sentences and incorrect words that make understanding difficult.
Paulo Coelho is a philosophical zombie. 
OP, I think you mean to have "indistinguishablity" in your abstract. Unless I'm reading it wrong, you've got the adverb form where you want the noun.

edit: like the other guy said, a round of editing by a native English speaker would be a good idea.
Bookmarking this to finish reading and give you feedback. I think that your English isn't bad at all for such a complex topic :)
The only consciousness a person can know exists is their own, because the only qualia a person has is their own. That's pretty obvious, yes, but I'm saying it because it is the major reason speculation of these things is a little silly. We'll never be able to move past speculation on this subject.

And thank goodness for that. Zombies are scary.
"the only difference between a humanlike zombie and a person seems to be that, while a person has a stream of consciousness, a zombie would have a stream of unconsciousness. However, since this difference does not make real difference, we had to conclude that humans and their zombie versions are the same thing."

You lost me right here. This difference does not make a difference to an outside observer but that does not mean it is not there it just means the outside observer has no way to distinguish it. "Stream of unconsciousness" is a meaningless phrase too. To make a zombie you would not need one anyway, extremely good AI software would suffice. On the phone even an answering machine could be a "zombie" for a few seconds if it just happens to say the things you would expect a living person to say
**ABSTRACT**:

> What are the limits of expression in a civilized society? T. M. Scanlon addresses this question in this bonus episode which was produced in association with The Open University and originally appeared on Ethics Bites. A transcript of this interview is available from www.open2.net/ethicsbites/.

**INTERVIEWEE**:

[T.M. Scanlon](http://philosophy.fas.harvard.edu/people/thomas-m-scanlon), Alford Professor of Natural Religion, Moral Philosophy, and Civil Polity, Emeritus, Harvard University

**PHILOSOPHY BITES**:

[Philosophy Bites](http://philosophybites.com/) is a philosophy podcast series, usually composed of interviews with top philosophers on various issues and topics in philosophy. 

**DONATE**:

Philosophy Bites is a great service, but is unfortunately run entirely on donations. You can donate via Paypal on the left sidebar of the [Philosophy Bites site](http://www.philosophybites.com/), or you can donate monthly via their [Patreon page](https://www.patreon.com/user?u=282403&ty=h&u=282403).
I'm in strong agreement with Scanlon that laws against racial hate speech are a bad idea, but I can't wholeheartedly endorse the defense he gives of that position. Like many people who attempt to defend permissive views on free speech, he falls into the trap of giving a utilitarian argument that never sounds quite convincing; Scanlon himself seems to recognize this, since he points out that other countries have laws against racial hate speech and they don't seem worse off for it. His point that toleration for government restrictions on speech may lead to toleration for government secrecy is an interesting one, but it would be very difficult to demonstrate empirically that a) this attitude is prevalent to a significant degree in the countries in question, and b) there's a link between this attitude and hate speech laws.

I think that the free speech advocates should direct the conversation away from utilitarian arguments regarding the public good; rather, it should be directed to focus on the rights and autonomy of the speaker, an angle that I think Scanlon was too dismissive of at the start of the podcast. People *just do* have the right to express themselves, because freedom is a good thing, and this right can only be abridged once a very high burden of proof has been met. For example, if a black person comes to hate white people because of what he perceives as systemic injustices in the American legal system, then it just seems obvious to me that a) he has the right to hate white people, b) he has the right to express this hatred, and c) these rights can only be restricted if their exercise would cause severe harm (this is a very rough condition that undoubtedly needs work, but hopefully it gets my point across). Allowing him to express his hatred may lead to more hatred and even violence, yes, but the mere possibility of these things is not enough to outweigh the rights of the speaker.

Another (perhaps more utilitarian) angle to consider is the social and psychological effects that hate speech laws have on speakers. A society that makes it illegal for you to express your most deeply-held political convictions is going to feel highly alienating, and our responsibility to prevent people from feeling that way should always be factored into our moral calculations (although this responsibility can of course be outweighed by other considerations). Due to social and legal isolation, certain people may be pushed away from opportunities to engage in productive dialogue that may alleviate the original tensions.

Similar arguments can be applied to the question of people participating in and publishing pornography.
Interesting video on this topic. I'm of the mind that, fundamentally, the conclusion that one draws for this thought problem is more reflective of labelling and identification, and the innate human desire to be able to do so. The answer that one draws is dependent upon how one defines these various entities and how the various parts contribute to the whole. 

You reassemble a "new" ship completely out of all of the parts of the "old" one, is it the same ship? In terms of actual physical composition, assuming consistency, it most certainly is. However, who's to say it's not a new ship? External factors other than the ship itself are in flux and can easily result in the "new" ship as being an entirely separate entity from the "old". This is similarly the case for the other renditions of this problem - one is essentially attempting to decide, within themselves, how they label and identify things. 

Additionally, the ship problem is an issue of emergent properties - the whole being greater than the sum of its individual parts. Whether the ship and what it signifies is its own entity or merely the sum of its individual parts is, ultimately, in the eye of the beholder. 

As there is no "view from nowhere", the ship problem remains more or less unsolvable due to a lack of objective truths required to answer it. 




Why is this called the Ship of Theseus?

I've heard it before but always wondered because I don't understand the reference to mythology--is this about his voyage to and from Crete, and if so, how does the rebuilding of the ship part fit in? I thought the only significance the ship has in that tale was the mistake about not changing the color of the sails?

Is it strictly hypothetical and just using Theseus/Achilles as popular characters, or is this actually a situation played out in the mythos?
I wish philosophers would stop calling things "thought experiments" that have no features of actual experiments. In this case, it's simply an investigation into what we mean when we say "identity," which is not something subject to experimental investigation - there's no right or wrong, no way to disprove what you claim. Similarly, Avicenna and the whole Mary's Room "thought experiments" are simply statements of unsupported opinion, without any experiment proposed.

That said, this video tries to treat "identity" as a property belonging to the ship, and that's where the questions arise, because it is not a property belonging to the ship. Indeed, you can see that right in the name of the question: "Ship of Theseus." Theseus takes apart his ship one board at a time, putting them in a pile, while he replaces the boards with new ones. Achilles then comes along and builds a ship out of the old boards. The first ship is the ship of Theseus, and the second is the ship of Achilles. Yes, ownership. But there is no "the ship" if you don't consider who is asking and why; there's just a bunch of boards that some people are considering distinct from a bunch of other boards, and the opinion of those people is the opinion that matters.
Here is my admittedly somewhat arbitrary half-baked take.

the identity "ship of Theseus" is tied to 2 conditions as a 4 dimensional object.

* relation to Theseaus *maybe he build it, is the captain, the ship is named after him ...*

* function as a ship, *it must float , hold passegers/cargo and it must be able to travel*

the identity begins when the relation is established , through completing the construction, consensus symbolic action of designating the captain, christening the ship ...

the identity ends when it no longer functions as a ship or the relation to Theseus is revoked (renaming, changing the captain...)

To all the part shuffling questions raised in the video: if it breaks ship-functionality it ends the identity.

If i take Theseus's ships apart and reassemble it, it get's a new identity: "Reassembled ship of Theseus" , it now has 2 relations, the one to Theseus and the one to me. The identity is new and distinct but it includes lineage.

If I just repair the ship without interrupting functionality, the identity remains original. if we look at the 4rth dimension(time): then the repair is part of what happens to the ship of Theseus.

If it's a raging torrent of parts that temporarily appears as assembled ship, well then it's a haunted ghost ship of Theseus. "haunted ghost" is placeholder-label for what ever causes the parts to rage around in a torrent.


Relating the ship of theseus to the human mind, it saddens me to think that it is an impossibility that we are able to "upload" our consciousness to another object be it another person or a computer in the future, or to "teleport" people from one place to another while maintaining the continuity for the "original" person.  Any process that makes a copy of the person would appear to work for the copy, but appear to not have worked for the original. Any process that does not involve a "copy" would likely result in the destruction of the original and the recreation at the other end breaking the continuity of the mind and potentially meaning the death of the original.

Things like the transporter in startrek would be more similar to the ending of the movie the illusionist.  I don't think there is a way we could devise that would maintain continuity from the original to the new entity.  And there wouldn't be a way to tell because the copy would have all the memories of the original.  It is something I think about a lot and I haven't yet been able to come up with any process by which the original would be preserved.
The ship of theseus thought experiment is not so much a challenge to the very concept of personal identity, but to the notion that personal identity is tied to  matter in itself.

The thought experiment shows the identity of things are of the form of matter I.e the structure that matter takes.
"Identity" depends on the purpose for which we are identifying the object. As with so much of philosophy, the problems are not about 'reality', but what we, somewhat arbitrarily, choose to call things.

An "Archimedes Screw" need not belong to, or have been made by, Archimedes, but may merely be similar to the one he originally designed.

The Price of a 'Dali Painting' depends critically on whether it was actually painted by Dali's hand, or whether it's an excellent copy, or a print.

If "The Ship of Theseus" is to be used as an object of veneration, then it will have a very different value if Theseus didn't actually touch it. If it's to be used merely to haul cargo, authenticity takes second place to utility.

For many objects of veneration, like bones of saints and nails of the cross, the "real" (eg DNA) Identity doesn't really matter, so long as the worshippers believe the claims of identity.
Love Williams. His essay "Internal and External Reasons" changed the way I view morality.
"Habermas says: '[I]t must be reasonable to expect [participants in the political process] to drop the role of the private subject.... The combination [of facticity and validity] requires a process of law-making in which the participatory citizens are NOT allowed to
take part simply in the role of actors oriented to success.' But what  is this 'are not allowed to'? It cannot be blankly normative. Suppose, one is bound to say, that they do? It may be replied: it will defeat the point. But what if it does? And how can we be sure, in the light of the possibility, what the point really is? It may be said, alternatively: it cannot work—in other words, the system will break down, and the political process will begin to lose significance in relation to other activities and the life world. I want to say at this point two things: if that is so, then it will show itself, and we shall have a manifest social or political problem for which we shall have  to mobilize ideas which already make sense (MS) to the public and  might move toward possible political action. Second, it will be only one of many conflicts about what the processes of political participation can be hoped to yield under conditions of modernity. There are needs that people have which seemingly can be met only by more directly participatory structures; but equally, there are objectives which are notoriously frustrated by these, and other aims which are at least in competition with them, and
considerations which raise doubts about the extent to which any procedures can be really participatory anyway. No transcendental or partly transcendental argument—one might say, more generally, theoretical argument—could serve to resolve these conflicts."

Brilliant. This piece and Bernard's work in general fundamentally reconfigures what it means for political theory/philosophy to provide political guidance.   
This guy is great, he really opened up my eyes in a small time frame. Do yourself a favor and watch the whole thing if you want a good laugh and some advice on how to deal with life a little better.
**FROM THE "APOLOGIA"**

>A skiing instructor does not just say: “You’ve seen people ski well; now do it yourself! Go on: SKI!” Rather, the instructor gives you skiing heuristics, breaking down skiing into manageable bits: “shift your weight to the downhill ski”, keep your hands forward”, and so on. Yet in philosophy we typically just show our students finished pieces of philosophy—the classics, the recent literature—and then effectively say: “You’ve seen people philosophize well; now do it yourselves! Go on: PHILOSOPHIZE!” I thought we could do better.

>So I began to think about identifying manageable techniques in these philosophical showpieces. To be sure, the teaching of such heuristics was a tiny part of my courses—they came more as quick asides as we read through the classics or the recent literature. (“Here Hume is using the ‘proves too much’ strategy”, or what have you.) But pointing out the heuristics as they showed up along the way was certainly valuable. And it was fun.

[Professor Alan Hájek ](http://philosophy.anu.edu.au/profile/alan-hajek/)

**FURTHER READING**

"[Philosophical Heuristics and Philosophical Methodology](http://philrsss.anu.edu.au/sites/default/files/Philosophical%20Heuristics%20and%20Philosophical%20Methodology.September%202.pdf)" -- Professor Alan Hájek
I think this is right, I like the "Swiss Army Knife" theory better, but actually, said Swiss Army Knife approach fits Chomsky's broader theme in his work of universal human traits (then supporting universal values and justice as fairness, etc), as opposed to the pre-Chomsky linguistic theory that everything is purely cultural and affected and relative. 
It sounds more like they are explaining the details of Chomsky's Language Acquisition Device, rather than refuting that it exists. If I show you a car and say "somewhere in there is the thing that makes it go, all cars have one" and then later you show me how the engine works, you didn't prove me wrong, you just explained how the "go device" works.
Rebuttal: https://medium.com/@dan.milway/dont-believe-the-rumours-universal-grammar-is-alive-and-well-58c1fbc5608b#.nijk8yebh
Assuming this is proven true, it must suck to have your entire legacy noped out of existence in the twilight of your career.
I don't get why so many people are so enthusiastic about defending Chomsky's theory. Chomsky's theory makes vast assumptions about the way the human brain functions that were totally ungrounded at the time of his work, and are still difficult to prove or disprove with the improved understanding of the brain. 

While the theory was ostensibly based on universal features of all languages, it soon became clear that there were languages Chomsky was not familiar with that did not abide by these features, leading to apparently haphazard revisions.

Even if Chomsky turns out to be right (which appears increasingly unlikely), I don't think it would be that unreasonable to say that it was just a lucky guess. The evidence and arguments that Chomsky used to build his theory have not stood up to further research, regardless of whether or not there coincidentally happens to be a grain of truth in his work. At this time, the weight of evidence supports the argument that the way children learn grammar is largely similar to the way they learn vocabulary - they start with mimicry, are corrected by adults, and gradually learn the rules underlying phrases based on when they are and are not corrected.
wait, reddit shows x-postedness now? is that RES? or shine?
The Arabic writing on the front of the mosque looks like المسجد= Almasjid or Mosque. 
I just wanted to say that I loved the example given in the 13th warrior where Antonio Banderas' character learns the Viking language over time and scares the shit out of them when he speaks back. 
[removed]
This thread is gold. Saving this for later reading. 
[removed]
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
Great article, thanks for posting. Here are two thoughts:

>First, you might say: “It doesn’t matter whether I’ll make a difference. I shouldn’t
participate in a morally corrupt enterprise, regardless of the cost-benefit analysis of my
participation. If I ate meat, I’d be benefiting from the cruelty of factory farming. I’d have dirty
hands. So, I shouldn’t do it.” If this line of thought sounds too high-minded, consider a different
example. Suppose that someone you know—a charming but sketchy character—has just mugged
an old woman for $200. Now he wants to treat you to dinner. Should you accept? Why not have
a good meal before calling the cops?88 Common sense says, “Don’t do it. Don’t become a part of
the mugging, even after the fact.” These two examples are essentially the same. In each, you take
a “principled stand”: you simply refuse to benefit from evil. To enjoy industrial meat or the
spoils of a mugging would compromise your moral integrity; it would stain your soul.
As a utilitarian, I reject this way of filling in the argument. I don’t believe that it’s
intrinsically good to opt out of immoral enterprises; I would assess my participation based on its
probable effects. However, I do admire the desire to disassociate one’s self from evil
unconditionally. People who take a principled stand against industrial farming set a good and
unambiguous example to their neighbors. Also, their uncompromising attitude makes them
especially unlikely to backslide.

This is the biggest reason I suggest that people should go vegan. It's so much less about the effect that you have as an individual. It's much more about the effect that you have on your immediate social circle. So many people are caught up thinking that veganism is hard, not tasty, or unhealthy. But living as a healthy, happy vegan who eats awesome food and leading by example is the best thing you can do to sway the minds of those around you. 

The article might be a bit misleading in how it uses the word vegetarianism constantly but only mentions veganism a few times. He is fairly clear in the article that eggs and dairy are similarly as bad as meat, but odds are that most (uncritical) readers will scan the article and think that eggs and dairy are okay. A good consequentialist should always be prepared for potential (and often intentional) misinterpretations. Hell, a good writer of any sort should be.

[removed]
I just hunt and eat free range but okay
the discomfort animals endure in ADMITTEDLY terrible industrial facilities is perhaps worse than the sense of predation they felt in the wild....but the latter is non-zero. i.e. the average cow may have a worse quality of life than it's great(x100) grandfather did, but cattle were never dominant in their ecosystems. the threat of predation was always there, and animals were likely agitated if they spotted a wolf in the wild. 
This argument doesn't give us carte blanche to do what we please, but it does remind us that there is a baseline quality of life we have to consider when talking about animal ethics.
[removed]
This article will get a lot of hostile attention. Not because its content or message per se, but because of how it's written: it doesn't make any real persuasive impact on the reader. Not being persuasive is *one of* the worst outcomes of a persuasive paper.

Now, let's take a look at what the introduction is like:
>"Industrial farming is abusive to animals."

Wow. Inspiring. Without 7 pages could it be a *little* bit more descriptive? Here, just thought of this as an alternative:
>"Industrial farming is the process by which animal products are produced on a massive scale. This process has a tendency to deprive animals of the basic rights to sanitation, freedom of movement, and dignity that humans enjoy. As such, Industrial farming is abusive to animals."

Now I haven't really had much (any) experience reading Philosophy papers, so perhaps the layout is not what I imagine it should be. But I'd definitely like to know what I'm reading. Granted that's just a minor point anyways.

Moving on, the entire first section of the paper "Animal Cruelty" only talks about that. It essentially only lists incidents of cruelty for each of a certain kind of livestock for the entire chapter except for one mention of a survey at the end. In fact, this hammering of ideas is present throughout the entire paper. Do you know what that sounds like to someone else? [It sounds like this](https://youtu.be/0FPsEwWT6K0)

Simply spamming points doesn't make your view more valid. What also doesn't help is how ridiculously one-sided Rachels' citations are. Of the 19 selected articles, books, websites, and documentaries; I found 3 that I thought were even remotely unbiased. 

Nobody likes to be insulted, and the author isn't persuading anyone by telling them that they're literally worse than Hitler. The only people that wholly agree with the author are the ones who already were on his side in the first place. As for the others, they likely read the first paragraph, realized that this was the rhetoric for the entire paper, and proceeded to save a half-hour of their life.

But, maybe he has some grand solution to all of this? After all, that's what the paper was building up to, right? Something about "Compassionate Eating"?
>" The philosophical arguments for vegetarianism are easy. The difficult thing is getting
people to stop eating meat."

Oh, who would of thought.


**TL;DR Any article can turn people away if it's written badly enough**

EDIT: I'd like to bring up that I think that industrialized farming of animals is cruel, though I'm not a vegetarian by any means. 
> P1. It is wrong to cause suffering unless there is a good reason to do so.

This is always taken as an axiomatic truth in these arguments.  Why is this the case?  Pain and suffering are defense mechanisms triggered to help animals survive.  Why is avoiding these specific triggers in animals more important than triggering defense mechanism of plants, insects or bacteria?  Could it be that we irrationally favor things that are similar to ourselves?
[removed]
[removed]
"The Argument from Caution" is a terrible argument.

>P1. Killing animals might be murder.

>C1. So, killing animals to obtain food is wrong.

>C2. So, we should be vegetarians.

The defense in the piece was that "most people think they know whether animals have a right to live". Highly doubtful, what's far more likely and far more to the point is that eating meat is good for you and without viable substitution. It is a practice that has been carried out forever and is intrinsic to both instinct and culture. That immediately knocks down C1. Very few, isolated cultures have ever successfully dropped meat consumption and almost all are for idealistic religious beliefs unrelated to the well-being of the animals; how many followers believed in the rule truly being a different matter worth pointing out.
[removed]
[removed]

P1. Killing animals might be murder. 
C1. So, killing animals to obtain food is wrong. 
C2. So, we should be vegetarians.


C3. From C1. Allowing carnivores to go about killing indiscriminately
 is wrong - just as allowing homicidal mass murders to roam free and do their thing.

C4. We should not kill all carnivores, but keep them all secure and feed them
on non meat substitutes. 

The argument for equal species rights makes the above valid IMO. The moral argument which is tricky is do we allow mass murders and Tigers to breed in captivity or not.  And releasing a Tiger into the wild is from the argument above no different to releasing a psychopath. 
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
**Summary:**
We humans are a chatty bunch--we talk A LOT. But each claim we make can be sorted neatly sorted into one of two categories: it either describes something or it evaluates something (philosophers call these descriptive and normative claims respectively). In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, Kelley Schiffman (Yale University) illustrates the descriptive/normative distinction, and it's importance, with the use of ample examples.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi
Did anyone else find the "I could use more money" example as a Descriptive Statement a little unclear as an introductory?

Especially if Normatives use "ought". 
"I could use" does seem pretty close to "ought" as a turn of phrase.
What about descriptive claims that disguise themselves as normative claims?
Mostly to respond to people saying Chomsky is a hack or that his theories are bunk I figured people ought to check this stuff out then decide. The subsequent parts should be of interest, especially to anyone who likes to think about philosophy of language, mind and philosophy of science. I think in part two or three he goes into more depth about his particular views about naturalism and what it means with regard to cognitive science. His view is that contrary tow what most contemporary philosophers of mind and language would say, their program is radically unnaturalistic, although they would construe what they are doing as naturalism. His argument rests on the claim that they employ a methodological dualism by treating the mind in a completely unscientific, mystical way. 

Anyways it's been a while since I've gone through them so my characterization might be off. Mostly I just want to spur discussion since there seems to be a lot of sentiment that treats Chomsky as if he is hopelessly backwards.

BTW the sound isn't great but bearable.
While the video gives a pretty good overview of Rawl's veil of ignorance, what it gets wrong - in my opinion - is that it presents the veil of ignorance as though Rawls developed it to be some sort of heuristic to help individuals make political decisions. Whereas in his actual works, the veil of ignorance simply functions as a necessary condition for the original position in order to provide a contractual foundation for political society without the shortcomings of past contract theories, such as Hobbes, Locke, and Rousseau.
I love the veil of ignorance but the fact that we need it has always been a little disheartening to me. It basically teaches you to have empathy, and it's amazing to me that so many people who are successful do not practice empathy enough that it warrants a thought experiment.
I've always liked this idea, but struggle to understand how Rawls accounts for varying preferences for risk taking.

Would you rather live in a world where everyone makes $50,000 a year or one where 98% make $50,000, 1% make $1 mil, and 1% are homeless? A crude example, I know, but the point is that some people behind the veil might be more willing to gamble than others.

Basically it's a pretty good starting off point and an excellent tool for considering certain political suggestions but ultimately it doesn't lead to a lot of definitive answers.
The problem with the veil of ignorance is Rawls asserts how everyone would naturally react under the veil of ignorance.
 
I don't think he ever does the heavy lifting to prove everyone would naturally redistribute wealth to make the most unfortunate more fortunate under the veil of ignorance.

It is impossible to disprove his assertion because none of us can experience the veil of ignorance, it is just a rhetorical device used as a smokescreen so people don't notice how bad his argument is. 
One of my favorite mental experiments. 
Often I use nature/nurture to explain these things to people. A shockingly high number of my friends, colleagues(in a programming field no doubt!) still believe if they were born in bad conditions they would simply tell themselves to work harder. They believe what makes them them, would still exist, they would still get a degree and a good job. They believe there is something inside them, that remains the same, no matter what body or environment that our consciousness spawned into. Is there a name for this idea or belief?
The veil of ignorance does not morally justify compulsory income redistribution.

No one has the right to take someone else's property by force. Shocking to me how arrogant people get when they put themselves in the shoes of a political overseer. I guess it shouldn't be shocking because long ago I held similar views but I simply can't understand how I could have.
The basic point appears to be that science can't have anything to say about what exists or not because it only ever has to do with "empirical adequacy," how well a theory describes the behavior of certain phenomena. That a theory can be useful without making claims to truths on what actually exists.

While it's true in a sense, I think this article unfairly singles out science as specifically deficient in this regard, when it's no worse than anything else in suggesting to us what exists or not. He claims that electrons are "unobservable", and we can only see "images" and "representations" of them. Except that's true about everything; everything we see is an image or a representation, filtered through fallible perceptions and senses. Much of it isn't even first hand -- for instances, I have only ever seen images of Albert Einstein. Might I not conclude that it is doubtful that such a person existed? But then how would I go about determining whether or not he existed? Simple -- I do research, I look up his written works, I search up records of his life, etc. In other words, I do much the same things that a scientist would do when going about looking for a predicted particle -- observe its effects and its behaviors with respect to the world around it. I don't see the methods of science as being less useful than any other method of determining whether or not something exists or not.
Then what will keep metaphysics on track?
[deleted]
[removed]
I disagree with this thesis.I believe that too much focus on empiricism can hold science back in terms of progression.For progression you need idead and speculations and as ideas and speculations are not something evident,then it automatically falls under the field of metaphysics.i like the idea of balance and i believe science and metaphysics fullfill each other just as cynisism and romanticism do.When Aristotle speculated that the earth was round(he wasn't the first one but it seems that he was the first one to provide some logical arguments) it was nothing more than metaphysical speculations.Same goes for gravity with Isaac Newton
I'm sorry, I just haven't seen anything more convincing than Hilary Putnam's succinct point. The positive argument for Scientific Realism is that it is the only philosophy where the success of science is not a miracle.

I don't buy into anti-realism for exactly the same reason why I don't actually believe in Descartes' demon or dream scenarios. Just because it is metaphysically possible that something is the case, does not give me reason to believe that it is actually case. For me to become an anti-realist, the anti-realists need to present a fleshed out theory that has even the tiniest fraction of predictive capability. I need a replacement theory. That is a reasonable demand for anyone to make. Metaphysics exists because people want a positive theory of the nature of the world; what theory is there that is actually better?
From SEP:

>With his doctrine of constructive empiricism, van Fraassen is widely credited with rehabilitating scientific anti-realism. There has been a contentious debate within the philosophy of science community over whether constructive empiricism is true or false. There is also some unclarity regarding what van Fraassen's arguments for the doctrine actually are. In addition, there are controversies about what the doctrine actually amounts to. While constructive empiricism has not gained a wide number of adherents, it continues to be a highly influential doctrine in philosophy of science.

"a highly influential doctrine in philosophy of science."  but little influence on science itself., imo.

> In the history of science, the enchanted forest has successively been populated with rain gods, musical spheres, phlogiston, ether, multiple universes, big bangs, cosmic inflation, dark matter, dark energy, and singularities. A scientist who believes in the existence of these unobserved entities has wandered into a thicket of metaphysical speculation, and left the realm of science, says van Fraassen.

So what, philosophical metaphysics is constantly arguing about unobservables like zombies, artificially intelligent conscious robots, Batman, Superman, X-men, The Matrix, GOD .......... 



Indeed, if science is the pursuit of truth, then many things scientists tout as "knowledge" and "fact" are not science. Models and theories are not facts. They don't even represent reality. They're just convenient ways to think about mathematical abstractions. Thoughts and mathematical abstractions are not equal to reality, and should not be confused with reality.

So if the idea of a force field or physical electron helps a scientist feel better about what is supposedly going on, ok. Don't pretend like these are facts. They don't even predict anything. To date, models haven't predicted anything. Math has predicted everything, and models are simply invented to try and apply some physical meaning to the math. "god makes the charge move" and "math makes the charge move", as well as "I don't know how the charge moves" are not good answers for a scientist, but a logical equivalent that sounds a lot better (the waves in a force field makes it move) is a really good answer.
I agree, if science were to treat metaphysics seriously then religious teaching will become widespread throughout all school systems and misinform everyone, turning them into useless tools completely monitored and predictable as part of a design made by our government.

On wait. It's already like that...

That means it'd be worse, like Trump worse.
>An ethic is a rule governing conduct. Liberty is the antithesis of having rules on conduct. It is the absence of restraints on conduct. Therefore, it cannot be thought of as an ethic. 

Liberty, understood as individual rights, restricts conduct that would violate those rights.  In this way liberty is an ethic by the author's own definition. 

The author might have a point if liberty is the same thing as complete wantonness in one's actions, but even he seems to say that isn't the case. 

Statists gonna state I guess.

Liberty, as an ethic, would obviously have to be part of a larger set of ethics.  No single ethic exists in a vacuum 
Liberty in my opinion is the extermination of rules that are not objectively ethical (all rules and regulations that are not solely their for the protection of natural rights).
As a sort of response to all of the comments, I think that the author did a poor job defining liberty, and I think that it could help to clear it up.

By liberty, the author is referring to anarchy - which may have some of you scratching at your head, but liberty *as an ends* is anarchy. Absolute freedom means both positive *and* negative freedoms, which means *freedom to and freedom from*. If there were no limitations on what you are free *to* do, and no consequences for those actions besides basic opportunity cost, then what you have is Hobbes' "State of Nature". Absolute freedom is anarchy. The dispute comes from what the "State of Nature" would actually look like. According to Hobbes, it means the freedom to act upon and be acted upon, think about and be thought about, speak and be spoken to, much like the animal world. Pure competition, no regulations. But this may not actually be the case.

It doesn't have anything to do with "statists", but rather the classical question of the human nature. In China, before they adopted a more Westernized economy and political system, the first line in the first book that children would read asserted that the nature of man was inherently good (source: Ku Hungming, "Spirit of the Chinese People"). This actually caused a state based on Confucianism where there was a "Religion of Good Citizenship" so to speak; rather than having a rigid distinction between church and state with both having a foundation of Philosophy, the Confucian state blended religion, philosophy and politics together into a system that could not divorce any of those three aspects and is one of the primary reasons Chinese society has lasted so long and has always been relevant, especially economically. 

This is basically a long-winded post to say that the article has a strong argument, but both the argument itself and the refutations thereof are based on assumptions about what humans do when no one is looking. Several psychological studies show that when people are being watched, they act more "morally" (according to the societal context) than when they are not. 

The top comment has to define liberty differently than the author to make his point work. We have to come to an agreement on what it actually means. 

EDIT: I have to learn how to format correctly
I disagree with the conerstone of the argumentation. Liberty is a set of values which constitutes indeed an ethic. Liberty means to respect certain rights of others e.g. their live or their property as well their dignity.
I have to completely disagree. In fact, I wrote an essay on exactly this thing. http://www.the-3-pillars-of-anarchy.com/essays-on-anarchy-related-topics/2016/3/1/philosophy-of-liberty-a-response

tl:dr
 Liberty is a powerful tool in the hands of the individual, and is designed to protect and sustain lives, property, and the happiness of the individuals who live it. Societies can, and should, be built around the principles of liberty. And the critique that such a society would allow for miscreants, law-breakers, and criminals to reign free simply doesn’t hold up. Law can be maintained. In America, where even the United States government can pass laws that limit the freedom of its citizens, this idea is more important than ever. In the words of another famous French philosopher Albert Camus, “The freedom of each finds its limits in that of others; no one has the right to absolute freedom. The limit where freedom begins and ends, where its rights and duties come together, is called law. And the State itself must bow to the Law.”

Still tl;dr - Liberty is an ethic, when properly understood. :D
**ABSTRACT**:

> The 100th Anniversary of the outbreak of World War I reminds us of the importance of ethics in war. Under what conditions may states wage war on each other? And what are the moral principles governing the conduct of war? Cecile Fabre and Jeff McMahan argued that traditional answers to these questions fail to convince: traditional just war theory stands in need of revision and the role of ethics in war needs to be reconsidered.
A reminder of our subreddit's commenting rules:

**READ THE POST BEFORE YOU REPLY**
> Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

**ARGUE YOUR POSITION**

> Opinions are not valuable here, arguments are! Comments that solely express musings, opinions, beliefs, or assertions without argument may be removed.

**BE RESPECTFUL**

> Comments which blatantly do not contribute to the discussion may be removed, particularly if they consist of personal attacks. Users with a history of such comments may be banned. Slurs, racism, and bigotry are absolutely not permitted.

You are more than free to disagree with the OP and with each other in this thread, but do so respectfully. We've had to remove dozens of low-effort posts and posts which contained slurs, neither of which are appropriate here. 
Here in turkey we have mandatory philosophy at grades 11 and 12, however it's awful... We do more memorizing than actual thinking :(
What would you propose we remove from the current curriculum to supplant it with philosophy? Or, are you proposing we add it on top of everything else? Please do not read my comment as having a nasty tone. I'm writing this in an inquisitive and polite tone. :-)
I place as much faith in the Canadian education system to teach me philosophy, as I did in their ability to teach me french.

That is to say, not very well. VHS tapes of talking pineapples can only do so much.
Why are people with philosophy degrees so convinced that no other fields use or teach logic?
While definitely a much needed and beneficial subject I think that if the school system does begin to enforce it the subject will be taught very poorly and not in the intended manner. It's a subject that requires caution to teach but if taught well can be greatly rewarding. 
School districts in the US are still battling over teaching something as fundamental as evolution and you think they can handle something as abstract as philosophy. Get real bro. 
I'm a teacher (grade 6) and while philosophy isn't a core subject. It doesn't mean you can't think philosophically.  It's all about how you phrase things and encourage kids to think. Self discovery and some big open ended questions can prompt them to question their world and wonder. 

Last year something came up where we discussed what it means to exist.  Let me tell you a large majority loved it, and it brought up some great questions. 

The trick is to encourage them to be curious, you can do this in any subject. It's hard but and sometimes fails miserably. But when it works it's genuine intrigue and I would consider it a sort of philosophical learning. 
except your example is seen in awkward adults on reddit. not in real life or in elementary school.
In my country it's mandatory in grade 11 to 13, and guess what? Nothing changes,  you can't  teach people how to think more that you can teach dolphins to talk.
> Philosophy should be just as important as math, science, english, etc, in school. The reason I believe this is because philosophy forces you to know WHY you think something, it forces you to think through opinions/issues LOGICALLY, something that's not done enough.

This doesn't seem like a good reason to value philosophy. The issue is that it's not the only discipline that requires one to understand why one thinks something nor is it the only discipline that forces one to think through things logically. All the disciplines you mention have those aspects. Of course, those aspects aren't always taught well---for example, teaching mathematics or science as a list of facts/rules to memorize, rather than teaching why those facts are true/why those rules are valid. But with that in mind, it seems likely that if philosophy were taught at the k-12 level, that it would fall prey to the same dangers and become yet another watered-down list of simplistic statements that are easy to put on a standardized test.

> If people were educated on the logical formula of thinking (yes, there is one) imagine how much more cooperative we would be.

Could you enlighten me on this? What exactly is the "logical formula" of thinking? How would people knowing it make them more cooperative?
Public schooling was never designed to get people to think for themselves.
Add that to an already filled day and you are staying later. We could remove health though... Thatd make it fit. 
[removed]
OP, **I have never seen anyone nonchalantly butcher the term "logic" so severely before.** From your haphazard usage of the terms "sound", "logic", "illogical", "valid" and so on, I daresay you've never actually taken a course on formal logic? Your entire post was extremely convoluted, and your vague understanding of "logic", beyond "stuff that makes sense" and "fallacies", makes an absolute mockery of what logic actually is.

Unfortunately, you haven't defined logic very well in your post. As a result, your post has little to no actionable content. It seems like when you are using the term "logic", you are referring to informal logic, which is the study of everyday arguments without using formal rules or any sort of organized system. Typically, these everyday arguments will be evaluated in a "Critical Thinking 101" or "Baby Logic" course. Unfortunately, said "everyday arguments" are often unrealistic and too linear, which would undoubtedly skew the uninformed student's judgement of what an "everyday argument" is and would consequently hinder their ability to evaluate arguments in real life, which are a far cry from the "Socrates is mortal" nonsense I see in most introductory logic courses.

On the other hand, formal logic, which is what most logicians are referring to when they say "logic", in a nutshell, is the study of reasoning and valid and invalid inferences. Typically, this will involve studying an object language, such as propositional logic. In other words, formal logic is the study of what you can and can't conclude (with absolute certainty) from a set of premises or known information, and the steps you must take to get to that conclusion, or in the case of invalidity, why and when you cannot infer a certain conclusion from a set of premises.

Anyone who has not been exposed to a course in formal logic and metalogic (the "logic" of logic, or the theory behind different object languages), both of which are highly mathematical subjects, is highly unlikely to be able to acknowledge the nuances of everyday arguments, as well as the scope of deductive logic. I feel like [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/logic/comments/4z9gw2/what_type_of_logic_are_you_using_while_doing_a/d6vtxz3) from /r/logic elaborates on my point quite clearly.

---

The moral of the story is, please educate yourself on your topic of interest before you start throwing around technical terms like "valid", "sound", and "logic". Your theses will not be taken seriously if you do not adequately define these crucial terms. Also, you risk misleading any prospective students of philosophy by lacking understanding of the field that you are talking about, which is logic. Logic is a subset of epistemology, and epistemology is a subset of philosophy. You really need to make up your mind when you refer to these terms, instead of conflating "philosophy" with "logic".

Edited to remove slurs. 


Teaching kids critical thinking skills is probably pretty low on the government's priority list.  It will not produce a docile population of obedient workers.

Having said that, I fully support teaching critical thinking skills in schools across the globe.  While I'm on my soapbox, teaching kids some basic life/basic personal finance skills would be a great improvement on the status quo.
No. Just no. I understand that you mean well. As well as see the value of what you propose. Especially in regards to logical thought and experimentation being a fundamental that would prove useful to a child in an academic setting. But you have missed a few important issues that would create a greater problem.

1. K-12 are generalized, standard educational systems. With a focus on core fundamentals and curriculum. Often driven by standardized testing requirements and grading systems. Attempting to introduce a nuanced subject such as Philosophy would create a whole list of problems. Considering those of us within the field, argue over mundane perspectives and outlooks. Introducing it into general education, would force the community to recognize a standardize a system of thinking in order to fit it to a mandated educational program. Something a philosophy professor would likely agree is already problematic in the institutions of higher education. Where there is more flexibility.

2. A person really needs to develop opinions, personality, ambition and perception. Before ever really delving into philosophy. As the core of it, is to challenge and experiment with perspective, ideas, and opinions. Attempting to teach that to young students before they have really developed any of those things. Is little more than an opportunity for abuse and mis-use. As any one of us who has attended a philosophy course will attest too. It's a struggle to cut away our own personal bias when speaking about philosophy with someone who may not have taken anything related. I'm certainly guilty of abusing what I learned. When speaking to fully grown adults. No doubt the opportunity for abuses against younger minds would be an issue. No less of an issue than those of religious organizations attempting to shape young minds before they have a chance to fully develop. the last thing we need is 3rd graders fighting in the school yard over Existentialism vs. Essential-ism. Because they will. They're 3rd graders. 
In the full IB program they teach theory of knowledge for grade 11 and 12.
Why do you need philosophy if we can just have classes in rational discourse and logic?
We should tackle sex education, personal finance, spelling, addition and subtraction, hand hygiene, and basic cooking and other life skills first. You're a decade too soon for this kind of post, if ever. 

Side note: We need to invest in paid apprenticeships (for developing a skilled and competent public) in America. Seriously. 

(Not indirecting anyone, just saying..... If you're whining on the internet about something you think anyone owes you for existing: you're spoiled, and I'm sick of your bitching.)

(Also, please don't hit on your nurse and ask for their phone number. Thanks. Can you tell I had a rough night? And I'm known as the "sweet" nurse in our ICU.) 
Step 1. Teach people to think rationally/empirically.
Get back to me when you get step one thoroughly worked out. 

Edit: Actual get basic numeracy and literacy worked out and then move on to step one and then worry about what to do next.
But then people might actually begin to think for themselves! 
Imagine how shitty the teachers would be though. 
Here in the US, some IB schools offer the course Theory of Knowledge (TOK) and it is quite amazing.  You sit in an open forum circle and just discuss life and what not
No, thinking (critical, creative, analytical, synthetic, etc.) should be. Philosophy as such should be enlisted but not taken as the central theme as it is too fucked up.
While I agree in principle, the bigger problems I see are not about the structure of argumentation, but the biases, fallacies, oversimplificatios, and statistical errors people make. For example, the ecological fallacy -- a statistical error -- is very common in both far left and right wing treatment of identity groups. Libertarians could use game theory lessons. And so on.

Among the things I'd like to see taught are (1) behavioural economics, (2) statistics (and common errors), (3) game theory, with a focus on unintuitive solutions (Prisoners Dilemma, Ultimatum Game),(3) the scientific method (particularly aggregating knowlege by repeatability, not one-of results), and (4) critical thinking, debate, and other philosophical foundations. 

I think OP is making the argument that rhetoric/debate, not philosophy, should be a core subject. The ability to use a combination of language, math, and logical skills to present and then support or destroy an argument would be great to have as a core subject, but that doesn't automatically mean a philosophy class.
The brain does not develop the higher order thinking skills required to explore "why", "how", and so on until around 6th grade.  Attempting to teach them before this age would not be useful for core education classes meant to build the educational foundation of a young person.

However, I agree with you that it should be a class in high school.  Kids with opinions are like trump supporters with guns.  
In France it's mandatory in high school, I just googled it to find some info about it but all I found were really [stupid](http://theweek.com/articles/562230/strange-ritual-frances-national-philosophy-test) [articles](http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-22729780) by people who don't understand the value of philosophy and still look at this as yet another French oddity. 

Despite their shortcomings I still remember philosophy classes in my French high school as a great introduction to the subject. I may not have become an expert, far from it, but at least they familiarised me with basic philosophical ideas (I'm still fond of Sartre's "existence precedes essence").

Another subject I believe every student should be familiar with is basic law. Concepts like the universalism of human rights and what it means or the principle of non-retroactivity of criminal law. 
Public education isn't meant for teaching people how to think.  It's basic training for entry level job placement.  A puppy mill.

There would have to be a major cultural shift for the k-12 educational end game before anyone spent time and resources on teaching little Johnny how to think critically instead of rote bashing the 3 R's. 




[deleted]
If pupils have a critical reasoning class, they'll be beyond bored. And anyone that has been to a public high school will know that no one will listen to the class.

If we want to develop critical reasoning in the newer generations, we need better teachers and a better curriculum. To do that, we either need to increase their salaries or to increase the perceived prestige of the profession, both of which are tough things to do.
I totally agree.  However, this will likely never happen because it is against the interest of the state to have thinking subjects.  The state would much rather teach its students what to think than how.
Philosophy is already core curriculum in every top ranked secondary school in the US. If you look up the course of study at Phillips Andover, for example, 1 philosophy course is required for graduation.
I don't think learning the "formula for making arguments", is going to make a discussion any better necessarily. I think there a wide variety of ways people discuss politics and the partisan differences dont have to do with content as much as what norms they value, their experience of the world, their social environment. In other words, a more "acceptable" way of yelling ad hominems wont make it any better.
Also comes down to what philosophy we choose to discuss, upholding western traditions or getting critical and historcizing all the abstract talk of contracts and freedoms within the  masculine white supremacists who said them.
>If everyone was trained to take in account a persons life expirence which forms their perspective, be taught the logic that could be used when discussing ideas, and be taught the true nature and meaning of thinking, we would all get along much better, and more would get done.


So why not just teach basic empathy?
I think philosophy helped me a lot in highschool.  It would not have helped me earlier though.
There should be a critical thinking class k-8 and maybe philosophy 9-12
On the one hand, I do believe that teaching philosophy to kids is a really good idea.  Focusing specifically on how to think, how to reason, how to argue, and how to respectfully disagree would be very beneficial.

I also don't subscribe to the objection that kids can't handle philosophy.  They can, and they do: every time a kid asks a question (and kids ask a *lot* of questions), they're working to synthesize their own personal philosophy of how the world works.  If they can perform philosophy haphazardly, then they can learn how to perform it with a bit more intention.

I've also personally had very good experiences with philosophy in the classroom.  I took a Philosophy 101 elective during my senior year of high school and it was mind-expanding.  I then went on to get a BA in Philosophy in college, in no small part to the affection towards the subject engendered by my high school class.

All that said, I have two major objections to your proposal:

1. Classroom time is a zero-sum game.  In order to add, something must be subtracted.  There are no subjects which can be safely cut in order to make room for philosophy.  As such, mixing philosophy into the mix would require a total reorganization of how school works.  That might be a good idea anyway, but that's a much, much bigger question that people better informed than us argue about fiercely.

2. The surest way to kill enthusiasm for a subject is to make it *mandatory*.  In most cases, that's a necessary evil; we don't need kids to love biology or math (though it would be great if they did) so long as they understand the basics.  "Philosophy," on the other hand, literally means, "the love of wisdom."  How much do you think some 6th grader is going to love memorizing when Kant wrote the Critique of Pure Reason, or exactly what Plato's cave metaphor meant?  How much do you think some 11th grader is going to love it when getting a D might threaten his place on the school's football team?  I would rather students be ignorant of philosophy than actively resentful of it.

All of which is to say, I don't foresee this being possible unless we change our educational system.  Until then, things like [CrashCourse Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8dPuuaLjXtNgK6MZucdYldNkMybYIHKR) are about as good as we can do.
This would be great, but I think a fundamental logic course would be even better.  Or have both, and have logic as a pre-req.
In Québec, we have mandatory philosophy classes and I love them. Although our grading system is different from the rest of the world.

grade 1 to 6 = elementary school
grade 7 to 11 = high school
grade 12 and 13 = pre-university school called "Cégep"

We have 3 philosophy classes during our two years in "Cégep" and a lot of people including me find it very helpful.
You're not angry that people aren't logical, you're angry because people have emotions that are verbalized irrationally. Verbal communication isn't solely intended for logical discourse. Even the most logical people say the most illogical things. 
Fully agree. Just learning about the allegory of the cave changed the way I argue with people dramatically. It's so much easier to communicate with a person who has a different opinion when you can logically explain how these different opinions are all about perspective. The entire idea of someone having a "stupid" opinion disappears and the question becomes "why does this person have such an opinion?". So many people could improve their communication skills with just a single simple concept like that.

The whole class was full of concepts like that and a lot of people were genuinely interested. We had extremely articulate professors though. It was a big part of why the class was so educational. Which makes me worry that in a school enviroment it might be a lot harder to get the main points across without having all the students sleeping in 5minutes and just writing the whole thing off.
In my final year of college in a seminar about Plato and only Plato, I hadn't read one of the dialogues for the coming class.  We were all required to bring five discussion questions to class.  Being a smartass, one of my questions was, "Given that Plato was so influential and that this dialogue in particular is Prof. Phil's favorite, why haven't I read this yet?"

The professor and class turned this into an 90 minute discussion of education and philosophy, and the philosophy of public education.  I was even commended for asking a really tough question.  

Anyway, I think the basics of philosophy (the five Socratic dialogues, some existentialism, and other topics) should be taught as part of a critical thinking course throughout high school (ages 14 t 18 for the non-American redditors).  Some English literature and history classes will get into critical analysis, but in my educational experience most of the in-depth critical thinking wasn't a feature of class until the final year of high school.  I went to a fantastic public school system for junior high and high school (ages 11 to 14) and then a private boarding school for the rest of high school.  Math class teaches us how to break down a word problem, and language classes talks about themes, but there was no class that walk a student through analyzing a speech or a newspaper article for bullshit.  So much of it is just facts, which are important, but without a critical mind, you're still a fool.
1. fuck that's expensive
2. Kids already spend so much time in school, they have to get up so early which isn't good at their age, and they are frequently loaded with homework. throw another log on the fire, why not?
3. Probably won't even have an impact. pedagogy already has a huge focus on teaching "critical thinking" and "logic", and they haven't got much to show for it. the Psychologist Ilyenkov wrote very interesting article titled ["Our Schools Must Teach How To Think!"](http://spinoza.tk/evischool.pdf) which makes many brilliant points and I recommend you read which deals with the problems of "logic" and "philosophy" classes, but briefly, he states

> Indeed, is it possible to inculcate “mind” into a person in the form of a system of precisely and rigorously formulated “rules” or operational
schemas—in short, in the form of a “logic?” We have to conclude that it is not possible. [...] It is well known that the best rules and formulas, when drummed into a stupid head, do not make that head cleverer but are themselves transformed into amusing absurdities. This, alas, is only too well known. Hardly anyone will dispute the fact that the teaching of formal logic, introduced into our schools some time ago “on the personal instructions of Comrade Stalin,” did not increase the number of “clever” people or reduce the number of “stupid” people among secondary school graduates.

I think most people who have had instruction in logic, philosophy, critical thinking, etc in primary and secondary education will agree, the classes as they are most places where they are taught, and I do mean from China, to Turkey to Kentucky, don't make people smarter, and smart people will be largely frustrated by the classes.

What is Ilyenkov's solution? Well it involves huge amounts of love and attention, and less cramming and structured curricula, which, wewlad, we don't have room for in the budget.


in Finland you have to take ethics for a while
I think the case might be made that a considerable (if unsurprising) number of the responses here simply further your point - all of the people who either didn't bother to familiarize themselves with your actual reasoning before they responded or who chose to focus on aspects of the post other than the actual point or the reasoning behind it arguably serve as illustrations of exactly the sort of failures of critical thinking and logic you address.

But I'd say the case could also be made that that's some evidence that the results of providing students with an early grounding in logic and critical thinking might not accomplish a whole lot anyway, since it's safe to assume that at least some considerable number of the people who have responded merely to hurl some rhetoric instead of to actually engage an idea that they actually considered have already had that grounding.  For some considerable number of people, it's not really a matter of education at all - they have in fact already been taught how to reason effectively.  It's just that they aren't psychologically equipped to honestly face anything that might potentially undermine any of their cherished preconceptions.  Or more simply, it's not that they can't think critically, but that they won't.

Or to analogize, if someone is sufficiently emotionally invested in the belief that 2+2=5, no amount of education in math is going to have an effect on them, not because they can't grasp the concept, but because they're simply not psychologically equipped to consider anything that runs contrary to their preconceptions.

That's not to say that the attempt to provide people with an early grounding in logic and critical thinking shouldn't be made - I'd wholeheartedly agree that it should be.  I just think that much of the problem lies elsewhere.
I think something a little more broad such as a more holistic view on Philosophy, Politics and Economics would be more appropriate.  In addition to some of the ideas you suggest it could include discussions around basic economic ideas: Austrian, Marx, Classical, NeoClassical, Keynes etc before looking at how the assumptions made fail in many scenarios. Look at Loche/Mills and have a discussion on on modern democratic system verses personal liberty and so on.  Flesh out the ideas and limitations of NAP verses the role states can play in providing common goods. The ideas of externalities etc.

Hopefully this would lead to a more informed and critical electorate which I  think would only benefit democracy - provided the school system doesn't just become a political propaganda tool as many in the US seem to want.      
While I agree with the sentiment of this post and understand the importance of critical thinking that philosophy does give, if that is the main objective why not give them discreet mathematics courses or programming courses? This would accomplish the same goal but also give them practical skills at the same time. So while I appreciate the sentiment of the philosophy, I think there are better means of accomplishing this in school than philosophy can offer. 
I'm taking philosophy right now and it's one of the most engaging classes I've ever taken 
Primary school exists to ensure the literacy and numeracy of a nation remains high. A nation with high literacy and numeracy nearly universally has a higher GDP than nations with lower literacy and numeracy.  It's not there to teach you how to be an adult.  It's not there to teach you how to logically analyze things.  It's not there to promote logical debate on issues.  It's here to (hopefully) ensure some large portion of the upcoming workforce-aged citizens can contribute to the GDP in a meaningful way.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Primary_education

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_Development_Index
I think philosophy AND cultural studies should be taught k to 12. Cultural studies take a deep look at power and privilege through analyses of the popular culture, social media, society, etc. Important to have an understanding of both to be a sensitive, critical, and deep thinker.
I'd say you wanted to focus on logic and rhetoric -- so that way people would question and analyze everything.
Reading through the comments, it seems like some people who haven't had formal training in Philosophy don't realise that there are actually two main branches of logic; formal and informal.

Informal logic is what we use to make subjective or normative arguments and learning how to break them down, usually based on inductive reasoning. Formal logic is a deductive type of reasoning that is basically mathematics with words to boil it down to the simplest terms possible.
The comments here are highlighting how right you are. 99% of these people don't even know what philosophy *is* and they still feel confident enough to voice a strong opinion. 


Nice idea, but I disagree.

1. Kids cant think for themselves.
They are like little robots just spewing out whatever they hear or learn at any given time. Critical thinking is not developed until they are teenagers. what kids really need are healthy role models and social interaction. Another course making them sit at a desk with more books doesnt help that.
2. Philosophical ideas already permeate a lot of the school environment. Planting the seeds as you would say. Like song or rhymes that teach values and morals. More importantly they learn from socializing. Kids learn a lot they dont even realize. Cause and effect, theory of mind, positive reinforcement, cognitive dissonance....etc. They do become aware of these ideas even if they dont know what theyre called. 
Lol at the San Harris comment
Holy shit, no.  While I love philosophy and while it was fun in college, I don't want my kids wasting time on it in k-12 education.  This is like saying gaming should be taught in school because you enjoy it.
If a teacher in any subject is not asking you to understand the "why" behind any situation then they're doing a disservice to their students. Also philosophy is not the only place a person is taught to be logical, the scientific method is a great tool for logically deducing the root cause or why of any scenario. I've enjoyed the philosophy classes I've taken however I hope it's not the only place someone learns logic or is asked to deduce why something occurs
So do we extend the school day or what class do we drop?  You have convinced me that it is a good topic to teach, but not that it is more important than anything else. 
Attempting to teach philosophy to people who have no desire to engage in philosophy will not work, and will not be progressive. Philosophy, like some subjects, is a field that you have to want to study in order to be fully engaged in it. To some people, it isn't a field that they want to get into, and we have to accept that.

I believe that schools should have a wider range of teaching instead of relying on rote memorisation and a certain kind of academic intelligence. Some people do not perform well that way. We need to be teaching critical thinking, practical skills, as well as your obvious maths, science, history etc. etc.

The fact is that we try to shove children into boxes, and some do well in those boxes, and some do not. Trying to shove children into another box of philosophy - especially all children - will be damaging to some children.

For those interested in philosophy, there should be an option to learn it. Forcing those uninterested in it to learn it will be a disaster.
You had me until "Sam Harris"
[removed]
I think they did something similar in Finland, where they teach theory classes instead of things like math and science, but only for the higher classes, I think it was the equivalent of grades 10-12. I'm not sure what the results are as it is still new. I think it would work if all the core classes needed for university are taught earlier, but it would require an overhaul of the curriculum to accommodate for it. 
I don't know about philosophy, but I strongly believe that formal logic should be taught in schools as early as possible. 
Two problems. 1) Great class if you have a great teacher.  Not so much with a teacher who is doing it strictly for a paycheck.  2) Some kids will not be ready to learn about such things at that age and will resent the attempt to force them.  I know I would have.
BTW

https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/3tvngb/teaching_philosophy_to_children_cultivates_doubt/
I could see making it an elective after 5th or 6th grade, but not before that. I've always thought more classes should be elective around middle and high school. Sure, keep the core Grammar, Math and a few others but I think having a mixed grab-bag outside of that core would help kids figure out where their passions are. 

I do think we need to be careful though. Philosophers seem to be under a bit of a cloud these days and their reflexive pushback of self-importance may overstep itself sometimes. Yes, philosophy matters, but it is also intertwined within other subjects and teaching methods. It's like the old 8 glasses of water per day nonsense. You're getting water in your morning cereal, your pizza, your baked potato and milkshake. You don't have to literally fill a glass with water 8 times to hydrate properly. Likewise, with philosophy. For most people, the 'ambient levels of philosophy' should be sufficient to be a health balanced person.
Middle school teacher here. I couldn't agree more..... This goes along with what I have always thought about other subjects (like math, which I teach now). We tell them a certain rules and we give them acronyms to remember these rules, but we don't tell them why these rules makes sense in the end up not getting it. There should be a "theory of math class."  Philosophy does the same thing but with other subjects and social issues. I couldn't agree more.
Not necessarily. There is something called "Common Core Math."
I don't agree with k-12, 7-12 would be fine.
The unfortunate thing about this is that children don't develop abstract thinking until their teenage years. It would make sense to teach in high school though.
I agree, but I believe that the class should be optional. I know too many people who just don't like philosophy and thinking in a philosophical way just bores them and makes them tired. 
I think schools ruin the subjects they teach. They are more exercises. If one wanted to REALLY get into a field, they would have to look more into it themselves. School is like basic training for the field you're pursuing; experience is the real teaching.
Most people complain about maths in high school, including those that don't even study calculus till college, and _most_ people who aren't in a mathematical field never keep high school maths knowledge in their heads anyway. I'm afraid a philosophy paper would be treated in exactly the same way: will only matter to those who remain in related fields, like the subscribers to this sub.
That would be great and all, but you know all those polynomials are so goddamned important, and thank Christ I was able to memorize every preposition otherwise i don't know where I'd be today.
Schools actually avoid teaching philosophy to kids below high school level around the country for good reason: since our critical and independent thinking is so shoddy at that time, not only would we be prepared for proper learning of a lot of subjects, like comparative literature, religion, etc, philosophy actually has a toxic dogmatizing effect when taught without a background of full schooling and some maturity 
Great idea...The Toulim Method should be taught.
I agree that philosophy should be taught to high schoolers, as well as other practical subjects (personal finance, handling stress, etc.). But the reality is it won't be for near term. So I've been thinking about teaching this myself to my daughter who just started high school, something like a home school course on life things, taught for an hour every other Saturday or so (I ran the idea by her and she seemed positive about what I might say). She puts herself under stress and I know that teaching her how to meditate, e.g., would help her manage it better. I know that the best way to teach is by example, and I try my best everyday, but sometimes you need to say something and give them some guidance (and I do, but she kinda shuts off when I start "wise talking"). I really could use some help to put the curriculum together, something I could learn to teach in meaningful ways. So, if anyone has any suggestions on the topics, how to's and such, I'm all ears.
At my High School in the USA, History did a lot of philosophical assignments. Many were around the Greek Philosophers, but there were subtle ones, where we had to think if a person was good or bad and why. Pope Urban the 2nd was one of these figures, Napoleon another. At we had large class debates over it. However, that could of just been my high school experience. 
There are many difficulties in this as the government (in my case the provincial government) regulates and mandates a curriculum. It's difficult to take the time to foster this type of critical thinking and encourage questioning when imposed with time constraints. 

The two problems I face are:

1. Time. I need to cover material and have very limited time to teach everything the ministry of education expects 

2. Parents. Some parents have difficulty with this approach and want a very strict level of education where I tell and their child memorizes the new learning. 

Methods of education can be debated, but in my experience from either side of the education system (student and now teacher) is that genuine interest and self discovery is what will be remembered when the dust settles. Not the date or fact I spoon fed and told them to copy down and memorize for a mark. 

Thank you!! I've been saying this to everyone I meet for years
It should but it won't happen. Schools are so screwed up. They punish smart kids for they're natural talent. They don't teach important things like philosophy or how to do taxes. And they let 3rd graders use calculators in class. The moral of what I said is what should happen probably won't because schools are screwed up.
It sounds to me that what you're really after is teaching discourse and logic and a lot less about the ideologies of guys like Plato. Philosophy is certainly a good place to learn and exercise discourse and logic, but I don't think it needs to be taught there. It's an extremely broad subject, it's open to abuse (intentional or otherwise) by the instructor, some of the material really wouldn't be great for k-12, and most people do not find the topics engaging. 

Discourse and logic could be taught in math and literature and possibly a speech/debate class. When I was in school, that's where they were taught. You had to write a paper about a book and argue for something.  They just didn't do a great job of it, in my opinion, but it was at least there. I'd much rather see *that* beefed up so that "the average person" is better at understanding, making, and dismantling arguments. That said, it's been a long time since I was in a k-12 program, so maybe it already has been. 
If we stick to the ideas of teaching philosophy as in logic, reasoning, and critical thinking, then yes, I'm 100% on board. I would be surprised if many teachers didn't already feel that they are attempting to teach those things. Teaching the history/field of philosophy as you might in an undergrad college course, though, I'm not so sure.
I think it's important to not start to early. The frontal cortex (and in particular the prefrontal cortex) are used in critical thinking and the younger a person is the less develeped it is. If times right and implimented in a meaningful way philosophy classes would greatly benefit individuals and the community. Done wrong and it's just boring theories no one really thinks about and applies to life. 
However even if people had small flickers of philosophy in their mind that's better than none.
Private school MS/HS teacher here, I've taught a 7-week introductory philosophy course at the 9-12th grade level twice.  The practice the students got as pertaining to critical thinking was invaluable in my opinion, and there are many positive attributes to the school of thought that can benifit students at a younger age.

On the other hand, by far the biggest hindrance was/is that generally, direct sources require pretty strong reading skills.  It seemed that your average 11th or 12th grader hasn't typically advanced their reading skills to the point where they have the vocbulary or stamina for a large body of important classical texts.

 In pursuit of this idea though (which I think is attainable) I think  we need a more intentional movement current writers to expand the resources of philosophy writings that are aimed at, and written for that age group.  It's just very hard to find readable texts that high-schoolers are able to handle.  I have noticed a huge influx in the last few years of Youtube channels dedicated to explaining concepts at a level for younger age groups, which is a great start. 
No, because schools need home ed classes more than philosophy. 

I took Intro to Philosophy and all it was, was memorizing. Is God real? Does Evil exists? What dilemmas did Socrates have?

Maybe I just had a sucky professor, but the course was more about memorizing than forcing myself to critically and logically think. 
Ok so just saying "Philosophy" seems to have (somewhat) convoluted my point. I dont want 6th grader to have to take a year long class about the history of philosophy. I want a class that encourages largely philosophical type thinking, but it shouldn't be teaching everyone about certain Philosophy niches and the full understanding of certain things within Philosophy if that makes sense. Philosophical/logical type thinking with understanding towards different mortalities.. That's what I want the class to be basically. Would most likely have a different name than "Philosophy". It would just borrow somethings from Philosophy as we think of the course now.
But teach it right than. In germany at grade 3 or 5 you have to choose between religion and philosophy. The teachers sucked and even gave bad marks for opinions which differed from theirs. I had to retake my class and got a different teacher and a year after someone again. With them I had mostly superior marks and it was very fun sometimes. But even those were kinda  meh: got a bad mark because i wanted to support free will euthanasia for yourself. The whole class agreed with me but she did not: bad grade.
In the past 10 years there has been a incredible shift in focus away from teaching memorization to critical thinking. Too much emphasis on this at lower levels (K-5) has hamstrung upper level learning (9-12) because students are unable to quickly recall information that should already be there. 

High school doesn't necessarily need a class designated for philosophy. High school needs to be able to focus less on remediation. Besides, the most successful high schools already emphasize problem solving and reasoning. 

In an average class, students will toss out garbage opinions at an incredible rate. Ex: "Trump sucks," "Obama sucks," The dress code sucks," "Macklemore is the best rapper alive," etc. The educator's job is to challenge those opinions rather than argue back. It is tempting, but doesn't teach the desired skill. Rather, the educator should be challenging the student with the very questions you mention above, namely "Why?" It goes without saying that the same should be required in their writing assignments. 
I had a mandatory philosophy course for my first year of IB. We wrote 1,000 word essays about every week (I did at least) and did presentations about certain TOK concepts and their relation to a real life situation. While the class wasn't necessarily as rigorous as my other IB classes, it was definitely my most favorite class and I wish I could continue on with TOK. 
So yeah I do know a lot of people who talk the way you just described. But I don't know if a philosophy class will help that. I'm taking a philosophy class now, and its basically an english class. At least like the english and history classes I had in high school. Which focused on discussion and coming up woth ideas to read deeper texts. I don't think a class is going to change the way someone thinks.
Philosophical ideas would be difficult (at best) for pre-pubescent children to grasp, but including logic in any subject would always be preferable to rote memorization. At the high school level, having basic philosophy and religious history (from a purely objective view) would indeed be helpful in bridging the gap between different cultural backgrounds. Granted, you'd have to shake up the entire educational system to make it happen. 
[removed]
I've been studying Philosophy for 2 years in high school in Italy (this one will be the last one). It's a useless subject here. The only thing you learn is "he said this and this". Nothing else. Teachers don't teach you how some people thought,but what, and it is just completely useless in this way. 

You would say "it depends on the teacher", but every single one from my school teaches in the same way. Why am I supposed to memorize what someone 200 said? It's not learning to listen to the others, but consider some ideas better and superior than other.
Here in Spain we always had Philosophy as one of the most important subjects. Well, now the ultra-Conservative government has put it as optional. Also they made more important religion (catolic, of course). Shame on them. 
Credit and how to and not to use it should be mandatory in all high schools. 
Sounds like a class that more promotes critical thinking is what is needed, agreed though after printing, modeling, and socialization critical thinking is relative. You could offer a little girl 50$ to mow your yard, to go give to a homeless man that she wants to help. One party might add that it's a splendid idea, other might just wonder why you don't offer the homeless man the job. In anything relating to psychology, people aren't going to be objective even while "critically thinking". The idea of a class that teaches basic critical thinking and reasoning skills is a good idea though. With curriculums like common core coming into play, I don't see the children getting any smarter.
If community college was free for all Americans and PHIL 1 was mandatory for graduation that would solve the problem without having to deliver a watered down experience for elementary ages. High School has the issue of not having any Philosophy teachers, where as at the community college levels they already do. 
As an Early Childhood Pre-service teacher, I can assure you that our job as a teacher is to "teach" the whole child. What this means is that the description of a teacher is to provide resources and support for children to explore and make meanings to what they observe. Therefore, the main purpose is to equip the student with everything they need in order to reach their goal by understanding the meaning of aspects they are curious about. Now, there are some teachers with lack of motivation or education that doesn't reach out to the whole child. These are the teachers that give meaningless facts to students, leaving the child confused for future problems and higher education.
While not philosophy, the logical reasoning intrinsic to the study of talmud was a valuable skill I picked up when studying the talmud from 5th-12th grade.
This is just dumb.  Visit any classroom in any school and see how much is actually done.

I think OP got into an argument with someone, lost, and came to vent about how others must not have learned philosophy or others would see his view every time.
Dr. Christopher diCarlo is currently doing something along these lines in Canadian High Schools. Essentially it boils down to a week of instruction in critical thinking every year of school. This involves discussions of Epistemology, argument, bias and fallacies. Hopefully it will take off and every kid in high schools will be better off because of it.
My favorite definition of philosophy is the art of critical thinking, also, this will never happen as a real expose on any measure of actual philosophy would undoubtedly unravel the inconsistencies and glaring inequalities of consensus reality.
I was in the ib program in high school. There was a year-long course called theory of knowledge that was basically an introductory survey of epistemology. I found it more valuable than any other hs class. 
[removed]
People always want to add things to the curriculum but never take things off. Philosophy is great, but at the expense of what course? Also IMO physical education should be a daily core k-12 class. 
I'd be happy just to make competency in critical thinking a requirement for graduation.
At my school in Germany we can choose whether we take "religion" as a course or "values and norms", which is mostly philosophy. 

The sad thing about it really is the Dependency of what teacher you have. For a year or two it was just memorising things, without actually thinking and discussing much. 

Right now I have a teacher who encourages thinking and even studied philosophy, and the lessons are really interesting and entertaining. 

Sadly there are seldom teachers who can teach right thinking properly, because most teachers are just humans that never learned that type of thinking themselves. 
I taught an intro to Philosophy course to 12th graders (as an elective) for two years. 

I could not agree with you more. 

So many people feel as if they automatically can "think for themselves" but opinion does not equal rational thought. Once you show the liberating power of rational thought to most high school students they're convinced and become involved in the class. 

If anyone is curious about my class (I wrote it) feel free to AMA
Took grade 11 philosophy, didn't learn much. It was more like the history of philosophy, rather than actual philosophical studies.
We could also just have medicine as a core subject. That way, when the imaginary dinner conversation turns violent, everyone will be able to prove the needed medical attention.
Yes, it would be great to include more philosophy courses at the high school level.  However I also think a less G-rated history should be taught as well; point being more critical thinking about the history that bore us & exposure to challenging realities.

It's unrealistic to expect k-gr6 to get heavily into philosophy specifically, so as people are suggesting initially logic can be introduced along with other subjects so it is grounded and not so abstract.

Philosophy can be like English literature, you have to want to be in the mindset, to have a teacher who is skilled at lecturing, and have arguments within the class. 

I notice people are mainly concerned with logic and critical thinking, but what about ethics and justice?  Society would be much better off (mudslinging media & reactionaries) if we could think about what ethical behaviour, and justice constitutes.  
I only disagree for two pragmatic points. In implementation how could an acceptable level of teaching be acheived? and by what standard would this be judged?

I fear that any philosophy course in a country with a standardized curriculum risks becoming a religious course pushing only one main stream philosophy as an absolute truth.
assuming that the system is interested in creating critical thinkers...which it most certainly is not

Ok I never browse this subreddit, but I saw this on the front page and was curious about it.

I have to say I sort of agree with the basic idea. I personally have always wanted to know "why" whenever something was taught to me, and I think it has helped me greatly. But I don't think it would change the world that dramatically, even if it did have some impact.
Brilliant.  Let's burden students with yet another course that will leave them unable to find employment when they earn their (even now almost entirely useless) high school diploma.
My older roommates always claimed to be so much smarter in everything I brought up, yet they said "I don't even know what philosophy is, it's a waste of credit"
i'm doing it in grade 11 though. switched a tech out for it cause i knew i'd like it
There's a lot of talk here in the comments about logic but really I think the most important part of philosophy that should be taught in schools is epistemology. The study of knowledge itself. The International Baccalaureate program tried to do this by making a mandatory subject of ToK (Theory of Knowledge) which explored the basics of epistemology and forced students to consider how we know what we know and to what extent can that knowledge be trusted. I think it's a wonderful idea and something each of us should at the very least think about as part of formal education.
I do not have enough faith that it would be taught the way it would need to be taught. So i think not.
If I could only add one thing to the curriculum, it would be logic.  If I could add two, it would be logic and philosophy. 
critical thinking and logic are necessary. However, it needs to be taught, not memorized like a lot of high school education is.
I always thought about this growing up in school. Theres nowhere near enough being taught about "real life" in schools in the US at least. We have to change the curriculum somehow 
The issue is that philosophy is such a broad topic that without a specified (effective) curriculum to focus the scope and identify the "essentials" to teach, K-12 philosophy teaching has every potential to become a useless fluff class.

I do think philosophy should be taught, perhaps 3 times per week, each time taking the place of Math/English/Science, with a strong focus on rhetoric and responding to hypothetical scenarios (thought experiments) in younger grades, moving into the qualities of good rhetoric, deductive reasoning/logic, and reading of philosophical texts in the upper grades.

Of course, finding the people to teach it well is a whole other problem. 
I doubt it'll live up to the standards you want it to be. 
In IB I'm taking Philosophy although they have a mandatory epistemology course which I think helps a good bit. 
Certain parts of philosophy or psychology absolutely should be part of it.  At least if you talking about making a properly educated population.

A government would never support it though.  It makes life harder for them to have a smart or enlightened population. 
Interestingly at my elementary school we had a logic class. Not really philosophy but very valuable!
Philosophy is an overwhelming subject. I graduated top 20 in my high school and when I took it in college l still struggled to understand it. You have to improve education completely in the United States before you could ever think about adding more complex courses. 
Philosophy is something that requires active, engaged thinking to be useful. Not memorizing factoids or just doing what your teacher tells you. So it's definitely not something that young (<11th grade?) should be evaluated on.

The other problem is then getting young adults who are taking philosophy courses because their school makes them to actually think. The class would have to be structured in a way that doesn't *let* people get by just with regurgitating what a teacher says to actually be effective. This means a strong but unconventional curriculum, an intelligent and open-minded teacher, and kids that don't look for ways to break the system rather than actually learning something in a good class. Unfortunately, probably not going to happen.
What a load of bullshit. Adding another subject to the curriculum won't magically make people more likely to have reasonable, respectful discourse. The school system already gives people the tools to grow into the adults you envision (to the best of its ability), yet they don't. That's not an issue of not teaching the right subjects, it's an issue with people. 

If you did teach philosophy in grade school, it would become a chore, like many history and literature courses. Rote memorization for no reason, teachers telling students what to read and students thinking up ways not to read it, classes that feel irrelevant to the future of many students. The end result would be that fewer people are interested in philosophy because they remember it as that horrible bore from their early school years. 

And once again, to reiterate: The reason people don't have rational, logical discussion about these big issues is not that they didn't take the right classes in school. It's that people are idiots by nature and so are you for thinking you can change that fact by adding philosophy courses to grade school curricula. 
Though I agree Philosophy is important, I think kids already have too much schooling and 90% of it is just busy work that makes them fall out of love with learning. I think a system of rotating subjects throughout the year might fit philosophy in very well, however.
Here in Canada we have debate class which is basically having a civil discussion. We do it as a mandatory subject in grades 7 and 8 and in grade 9 and onward it is optional.
I was lucky to get a decent math class in the CA public school system...
I honestly don't think people should be allowed to learn about philosophy in any regard until their brains have fully matured. Indoctrinating a child into a belief system should be a criminal act. As much as certain philosophers encourage free thinking, I can't see the difference between this and making a kid go to church when they're 11. They are too young to fully grasp the information and you are taking advantage of this to force them into your PoV. 
edits: punctuation 
I taught a high school Logic course for several years. The kids loved it, and they didn't have too much trouble picking it up despite the initial concerns admin had. I think that's what you need to ask for, though: a logic course instead of a philosophy course. Philosophy focuses on specific issues, while logic is what gives you the actual tools for thinking. K-12 kids obviously need the latter first!

Also, I'm noticing a lot of "the Bible Belt is keeping philosophy away from us" comments, and while I think there's probably some truth them, one of the (justified) fears is that educators will mistake teaching philosophy for teaching exclusively atheistic philosophy. There's a real problem with this in higher ed, and the weird part is that it's often done by the same people who are quick to decry any proselytizing. With that in mind, I understand some of the concern.
Strange post. Philosophy in itself is a quite a difficult and specialized field of study that will be definitely hard to examine in smaller grades and also, what would they do? It's like saying nuclear-physics should be taught K-12, it just doesn't make sense. 
I was in a pilot program that taught philosophy in elementary school.

It was awful.

Looking back now, 8-year-olds just aren't ready to engage in formalized philosophy education in a classroom or group setting.  The patience, emotional maturity, and intellectual tools just aren't there.

I'm not saying young children can't engage in philosophy.  I'm saying a conventional classroom setting is the worst possible place to do it.

Teach language skills, math, science, and all the other building blocks onto which you can teach philosophy later.
I don't agree. Personally I support education going in a less static direction where Science and Math are the only required learning (past Grade 6). Everything else should be optional.

Im not sure what knowledge people here actually have of the education system but in general the system goes too broad already and studies are showing the failure rate caused by it (aka the feeling that alot of classes are pointless or the feeling that you lack direction and choice).
Power relies on the ignorance of its agents. Without ignorance, power can't be enforced as easily. 

Philosophy isn't a core curriculum in k-12 because our oppressors don't want critically thinking, intelligent people who can rationally come to conclusions for themselves.
The kind of philosophy I've seen is not appealing to me at all. I'm all for a class that teaches real critical thinking and rationality, but philosophy seems to be about something else altogether.
As an elementary teacher... No. You find the time for that without taking away more of their free time, then great. But you won't without lengthening the school day. And no, children don't need to know philosophy at an age where they don't know most of the words they would have to read. Also, they can't read. 

We have philosophy classes in France, pretty much useless. Gives you a philosophical background, at best. They teach you the core, but don't have time to discuss it, wich doesn't make a lot of sense.

It's not about teaching philosophy, but more about how you teach everything else.
Maybe later in high school, but the brain really doesn't develop very quickly, and it's why children struggle with simple math. Trying to shoehorn more subjects in at an early age may do more harm than good. I would agree that philosophy should be an aspect of history, and logic as an aspect of math and computer lessons. 
i feel the same way except with inferential statistics.

My freshman english teacher in high school gave us a unit on philosophy (completely against the curriculum, just because he thought it was important). Afterwards, I saw the importance of it.

The way he described philosophy was as "pushups for the brain." Just like you'd do pushups to condition your body to excell in any sport, you'd study philosophy to condition your mind to think critically.

Thank you, Mr. L.
It's not just about logical discussion. Philosophy forms a foundation for both science and maths. Understanding philosophy helps with understanding the later two (along with a host of other subjects)
Your example of the before/after of philosophy isn't even correct, in that there are legitimate studies that directly show both results of illegal immigration.  The one place where there is agreement is that illegal immigration does negatively affect the employment of lower-educated Americans (ie: for landscaping, construction, etc.).  Above that, then that is where there isn't consensus.  

I think a 'logic' type of philosophy class might could work in high school, but I don't think there should be one every year, no.  
People learn how to think over the course of a decent high school education. The problem is that people still overvalue their intuition. And if people learned to reject their intuition and rely on reason, most would never go any farther than contrarianism. See: philosophy undergrads, libertarians.
We already get those lessons through other subjects. Math/Science teaches logic, English/public speaking teaches fallacies and argumentative logic, and social studies teaches effects of the group on the individual. The lesson is there, just not as obvious as you'd like.
The nonexistence of a core Philosophy class is not what makes our country (the US) stupid and bigoted. It is the lack of adequate education, understanding, and a generational gap that creates such people.

At my high school, almost everybody in my AP classes (every single one of my AP classes) are reasonable when arguing about illegal immigrants, jobs, and such. They don't say "WE NEED TO BUILD A FUCKING WALL RIGHT NOW" out of nowhere. They're reasonable and question the impact of illegal immigrants instead before talking more about it.

On the other hand, when I go to a class with lower expectations (such as Digital Media) and go off-topic (because somebody said something about Trump or whatever), nobody really seems to ask questions. They just throw a bunch of statements at each other until the class ends.

Similarly, I notice a trend of bigotry with middle-old aged people. I work as a cashier and meet hundreds of people a day, occasionally getting conversations on politics and whatever's on the TV. I often hear younger people (in their 20s) say that police beatings and shootings of black people are just simply wrong on the officers' part, while older people (perhaps in their 50s) say that the officer had the right to beat or shoot the guy up. I'm not saying that the police are wrong or right to do this, I'm just noticing an interesting trend.

My AP US History teacher also told us about one of his friends (that served in WWII) and how his friend absolutely could not stand Japanese people, simply because they were Japanese. He said that he believed the propaganda that portrayed Japanese as enemies back in the day had a large impact in his view of the Japanese. We don't have any sort of propaganda like that today, and it also seems that no young people have a negative opinion on Japanese people today either.

There's just no need for a K-12 Philosophy class in my opinion. If people can just take more difficult classes, they would naturally learn to analyze and think critically. The problem is, most older people are not coming back to school just to unlearn their bigotry.

We just have to wait until they die out and millennials take over.
If you taught philosophy too early you would produce oppositional rather than impressionable students. The last thing teachers want is a classroom full of little philosophers, because if literally every student behaved like Ludwig Wittgenstein class would move at a snails pace; and capitalism might no longer be possible, as questioning reduced the system to ruins. That is what's so annoying about education: Balancing out the submissive act of understanding with the aggressive act of questioning and hence confusing. 

When we watch the first episode of Rick and Morty, we laugh at the first episode, where Rick says that school isn't a place for smart people, because it isn't. Intelligence will make you indolent; for it uses intelligence to save the body (calories). But a world where everyone's a sophist is a world where nothing gets done. You can think of Christianity as the answer to or even exploitation of that collective social habit of relishing our fear and idleness, where fear was turned around, as a mechanism (hell) for terrorizing people into subservience, under the threat of torture. The schools we have today are lighter copies of the schools of rhetoric that produced them in the dark ages. It is a sad fact of the world, that progress was possible through cruelty, and that wisdom serves the wealthy.
From a person that studies a math related field: Yes, it does teaches you how to think logically, but at the same time alienates you from the... concrete world.

I studied Philosophy, Sociology and History of Art in high school and enjoyed it (I am not in the US), even though we simply had to memorize who said what in order to pass the test. I am really grateful for that, and can affirm that it helped with critical thinking - we have a society based in mindless consumerism and empty values, and it is pretty easy to fall in that trap depending on your family/education background.
I agree, but your going to have to convince a screaming mob of christians, muslims, and politcal extremists who have no desire for a logical and rational generation.
This sounds like critical thinking but a tad beyond, to examine all of your own thoughts to find their marrow. As for morality, the women of the world teach the same three things everywhere, tell the truth, do not take other people's things and help those smaller or weaker than yourself. No philosophy, religion or creed has yet to improve on these simple, universal teachings.
When I was a sophomore in HS, we studied philosophy for a whole semester in English (plus summer if you include the summer reading project). It completely changed my life.
Right now I'm a high school senior taking the first physics and philosophy class to run in any high school in the United states, it's been a very interesting class with a good tie in between them. The class is only an elective though 
Philosophy should be a core k-12 class so that everybody with a half-thought-out opinion thinks it's worth putting into writing.
I've been saying this over and over again ever since I started reading philosophy on my own time. We learn or memorize information in the states, but philosophy can train your mind to reason properly and discover new things.
the thing about school is that it doesnt create thinkers, it trains future employees so they dont want people actually thinking for themselves 

From my perspective one of the most valuable benefits that would come out of a more widespread understanding of philosophy is changing the way more people respond to disagreements and conflicting ideology.
No matter how strange another person's behavior or belief may seem at first, it's important to realize that there may be an underlying philosophy/world-view which supports it. While it is easy to judge another person by our own world-views, we will have better judgement (and less senseless conflict) when we attempt to fully understand theirs as well.

As it is I don't think enough people even recognize the role that ideology plays in their own decisions, or seek to be internally consistent.
While I don't have a strong idea of what grades it would be appropriate to have a philosophy class in, I certainly agree that there is valuable understanding which isn't being imparted under most mandatory curriculums.
I have a philosophy class and I am in grade 10!!
Fantastic post. I've been thinking the same thing for years and have introduced philosophical concepts to my teen children since grade school. I usually started with some pre-conceived notion of what they considered reality and introduced alternatives, in addition to critical thinking skills of course. They loved discussing easy concepts like the trolley problem and how it represented different conceptions of justice. My ultimate objective was to dispel any ideas of fundamental objectivity.


I can't believe some of the responses to your post, but I realize most of your detractors are probably just starting out in adulthood and haven't yet acquired the life experiences to temper their positions. A few good responses though.


Someone needs to de-default this sub. An individual who might actually be in a position to make this sort of change in an American curriculum would quickly turn away from this thread after being bombarded with some of these posts. I miss the pre-default days.
This would never happen, as we would discard capitalism and the associated capitalistic sociopathy, narcissism,  and greed so fast... and we just can't have that, now can we? Public education isn't about education. It's about feeding unquestioning drones into the system.
I disagree. I think no matter what the subject, class will always be about learning the vocabulary, passing tests, and showing you agree with the teacher/profs opinion.
History should be an elective. 

We've all got our own opinions. 
We need more empathy. That's the problem.

>School should teach students the nature of thinking

Maths could help, but now it is known only as theorems and notions.
Having 1 hour per week of Philosophy could indeed create more interesting conversations and debates, but it should really be focusing on the thinking part and mabye some philosophy history to support the thinking excersises. (Why did [thinker] think this in this time period?)

If its just philosophy history, it doesnt add much to the education level, in my opinion
A most fascinating topic. Yet it is fraught with danger. So much so that I don't think it can happen in public school. Private school may be a better venue, yet even there one would run into major problems.

The danger becomes manifest in many ways. For instance:

>"a class that encourages largely philosophical type thinking, but it shouldn't be teaching everyone about certain Philosophy niches and the full understanding of certain things within Philosophy if that makes sense."

This angle is dominated by a conceit, namely that there is some tradition free, pure philosophical thing we can get at (or is just reified as "out there") without any historical referent.  Also it conceals an historical thing as if it isn't one, i.e. the positing of a *choriston*.... something *epikeina tes ousias* as though this is simply natural and nonproblematic.  At the same time, the reverse - that is to insist there are only historically rooted narratives and nothing really transcendent - likewise fouls the engine.

The problem is how to get started.

And so when it comes to the idea of teaching philosophy in high school, I think one would have to make this problem itself a part of the teaching. "How do we start with philosophy?" "How does philosophy get started?"

Of course the shift to "How did philosophy get started?" suggests itself naturally enough. And so we're forced rather early to get into figures like Plato and Aristotle.

The dangers only multiply and go deeper and deeper then. The public will go on about the white/euro/male tangent. If they notice the peculiar take on Eros in the *Symposium*, hell is just waiting to break loose (faster in public school but inevitable insofar as parental involvement is enshrined). The fractal noise of outrage culture will already blow up the project before we get to disturbing talk about human rights...

>some ideas are predominantly based in logic...Logic doesn't dictate all ideas. If I said that all humans have certain rights just because they're human dammit, there is no logic to that. But it's not illogical either.

The comment above is pregnant with a myriad of abysmal vectors. Human rights are a sacrosanct thing in our culture. But you can't see them with either a microscope or the Hubble telescope. Without going into the horrifying details, it's damn certain the parents will phreak some serious shit if it starts going on in high school.

Still, there just has to be a way. 

Earlier and earlier kids are zoned into a wash of factoids, narratives, images - a tsunami of information. And people are less like citizens than consumers (the term more and more appears to point to a really real thing). People could not *see*, as in perceive, that George W Bush was manifesting an inferior intellect. People can't *see* that Trump is a sophistical welter of nonsense. People think Sam Harris is some kind of philosopher. 

And yet we live in a world with such powers and attendant duties that we cannot afford this frightful mental degradation - a confection of sorts that's even more gross when sprinkled with "sciencey" glitter.

Fortunately, the scene in ancient Greece was boiling with some antecedents. And in a reaction to those we see something strange begin to transpire:

>"It is only when all these things, names and definitions, visual and other sensations, are rubbed together and subjected to tests in which questions and answers are exchanged in good faith and without malice that finally, when human capacity is stretched to its limit, a spark of understanding and intelligence flashes out and illuminates the matter at hand" - 7th Letter 344








And to think that in Chile, my country, the Ministry of Education wants to remove philosophy as a subject. (we only have this subject the last 2 years of high school).
[Source](http://www.emol.com/noticias/Nacional/2016/08/25/818888/Fin-del-ramo-de-Filosofia-en-los-colegios-Academicos-rechazan-eliminar-la-asignatura.html)
logic should be.
I agree. Move religion to be a little part of history and add philosophy as major
Economics, too.
Attempts to teach philosophy in primary and secondary education have been understandably miserable thus far.
Perhaps it could be an elective to take, but as it stands the required classes are just too set in stone and important (to me anyway) to warrant such a drastic change.
I totally agree however before that kids need to learn to read, write and have just the basic of mathematics before being given lessons in philosophy.


Obs: before anyone says anything, i am always in favor of kids learning new stuff but they need basics sorted out first.
I took philosophy freshmen year of college, pretty excited about it too. It was terrible. Most of the time was spent learning about old philosophers and their catch phrases. Which sure, I can understand you have to talk about but there was no actual discussion, no critical thinking. Exams consisted of "explain this common sense concept using this fancy worded common sense concept coined by this guy a 1000 years ago. Bonus points if you fluff up your language like a teen trying desperately to sound intelligent as fuck." Just unbelievably pretentious and a waste of time. Kind of reminds you of a certain sub eh? I've learned more about life during one night sharing a couple beers with friends than I ever did over a semester of philosophy. Philosophy, much like psychology, wishes to compartmentalize basic human emotions into theorems in order to explain how we act. Which doesn't sound half bad on paper. Problem is humans are so complex and do things for so many different reasons that referencing a simple principle/theorem and calling it a day is a woefully inadequate way to discuss the human experience. You don't need to reference Plato or Freud in order to have a good discussion. Just converse! Back up your ideas with sound reasoning, explain yourself clearly and succinctly, be open to ideas and have at it! The goal is to exchange ideas, not boost your ego by name dropping theories that most people haven't heard of. 
Philosophy can educate you on different ways of thinking, but almost certainly does nothing for eliminating ad hominem from someone who is inclined to insult in an argument to begin with.

Also, anecdotally, I was introduced to philosophy through my high school English department. Instead of requiring philosophy courses, it may be more beneficial to take a class that has philosophical components, or an instructor that is comfortable bringing philosophy into other readings that are to be completed. But yeah I agree with you OP, insofar as philosophy should be pushed to a greater degree than it currently is before graduating high school.
I was lucky enough to take three high school philosophy classes -- one was called Theory of Knowledge, which I think was an International Baccalaureate subject (edit: yep: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Theory_of_knowledge_(IB_course)) . The teacher had no idea what he was doing, we basically read the textbook. The second intro to philosophy high school class I took was an actual IB-level teacher, but I don't know if the curriculum was IB level. We read the novel Sophie's World and supplemented that basic Western philosophy instruction with Eastern philosophy curriculum that I remember less well. The third class was a generic North American high school class, and we did do a unit of basic Logic, fallacies and formulas. However, what I remember best about that class were the study parties, for the pot and the spin the bottle. 
reading some of these comments, this thread is like the perfect window to the soul of reddit

this should be it's warning sign for newcomers


I personally think their are a lot of other classes that need to show up in core education before philosophy. Specifically on finances and technology. Most people will get more practical value from those types of classes. I'd put philosophy pretty low on the list, and I definitely don't see it's as important as math/science/etc.
This would be amazing granted it's actual discussion and not a "memorize xyz by Monday" class
Philosophy may not be applicable to students in K-12 because of their inexperience in life. The topics of philosophy such as critical thinking and logic, however, are taught in reading comprehension for K-12 and are a significant portion of the new Common Core. 
I completely agree. I actually wrote an article about this when I was on my high school newspaper. Several teachers and students came up to me and said how they agreed. Of course, nothing happened because that's how the public school system works
Republicans would never tolerate that.

First of all, it would require teachers who have to be paid which means them paying taxes and Republicans don't believe in paying taxes.

Second of all it would lead to people < thinking > and Republicans don't like " Elitists " who think.

In Czech Republic we do have mandatory philosophy. It's really awful. The teacher tells you the name and basic philosophy of a lot of people and you learn it for the test. As far as I heard, it's the same case in almost every other school. High school teachers just really aren't qualified to teach it. Also, you have pretty short time to teach a pretty long list of philosophers, so you can't really discuss it or go into depth.

I honestly didn't care about philosophy until college. I often had conversations with people about how useful it was (even though it was more often about mathematics, since I'm mathematician and I most often speak with other mathematicians) and we always more or less agreed that it didn't really help (both phil. and math).

It seemed to us that the reason philosophy and mathematics aren't really helping students to think is that the teachers are just shitty. And there really just aren't gonna be enough good teachers for this system to even remotly work. It kinda seems like "All the wars would end if only people decided to be nice to each other" - it seems cool in theory, but it just isn't gonna work. So, by adding mandatory philosophy class the only think that's gonna change, is that "regular people" will start hate it in a similar fashion they [hate mathematics](http://www.smbc-comics.com/comic/what-its-like).

Anyway, that's my opinion.
I don't think that philosophy should a be core course from k-12 but I do believe that it should be for grade 12 because when I took it in grade 12 it really reshaped my mind and for the better before i wen into university. Mostly because it was all opinions because I got the chance to express my own beliefs I was able to understand the flaws of my own mind and understand how to think better even though most of my journals were last minute I actually thought about it and really put my opinions on the paper and looking back at the journals my opinions have changed a lot and for the better.
What a heap. You want every human to take philosophy so that we can all discuss in an organised way? Who cares? We can argue if we all want to, we don't all have to agree or do it like robots or even have a point. What a meaningless thing to strive for.
Meanwhile I agree, I have to say that some people are unteachable, because some people have been trained to not to think. This is a real problem. We had a strongly religious indiviual in our (chosen) class of philosophy. He had to choose between Philosophy and Physics(12th grade germany) and chose Philosophy. Normally, strong religious beliefs were no problem ,as our teacher was good at explaining that learning about philosophical problems and theories is just entertaining an idea, but he was unteachable and held strong onto his sincerest beliefs, even when he was asked to just do it for the theories sake.
Promotion of critical thinking in general should be emphasized, not just philosophy.
I have a good story that relates to this, OP, I hope you read it.  I'll start by saying that for the majority of my youth I was a shitty student.  I had bad grades, but I did well on tests.  I just liked being outside, doing my own thing; fuck homework.  After switching schools a couple of times, because I couldn't find a place I fit into where I wouldn't fight with teachers constantly, I finally enrolled myself at the alternative school when I turned 16.  This was unusual for me, going from the kid who actively avoided school at all costs to admitting that I needed to make something of myself and electing to get my collective shit together.  Anywho, my first year there was also the first year for the new English teacher.  During our first 'class' we all sat around and discussed what we did and didn't like about typical English classes.  For most kids it was the tedious repetitive crap we're re-taught each year.  A lot of kids just wanted to do the bare minimum work and get through the day.  A few of us really liked books.  I was the only one who had mentioned I was curious about philosophy.  I would have been hard pressed to find another teacher willing to go so far out of his way, but this guy split the class up into sections based on who was willing to do what.  The kids who wanted to just do the bare minimum got what they wanted, but they were still pushed and ultimately took more than the minimum away from the class.  The kids who wanted to read more and do less workbook stuff were given the option to write comprehensive essays about the books they read and they were left alone most days to just sit and read.  Finally, since I was the only kid who had asked for the whole goddamn enchilada, I was given one-on-one time a couple of hours a day to study philosophy in what was essentially a tutor/apprentice role.  My teacher started by handing me an early edition of A Concise Introduction To Logic.  Before he let it go though, he changed the register of his voice and clearly enunciated that this was a wrecking ball he was giving me.  He made sure to point out that for a less developed brain, a strong understanding of logic absolutely acts like a wrecking ball.  If you aren't really skilled at aiming your wrecking ball, you will annihilate all the other shit close to what you wanted to knock down.  this is metaphorical, or course, but for quite some time in my life my understanding of what was logical vastly outstripped my understanding of emotions like empathy and compassion.  It took a toll on my personal relationships.  Teaching a kid to think logically is one thing, but actually teaching them logic is setting them up to be combative in future relationships before they understand that it isn't always important to get people to come around to your way of seeing things by using logic and reason and rhetoric to persuade them.  As a kid, I didn't understand that sometimes what is right is letting people continue to be wrong.  
No please.

The world does not need more 18-and-under children who think they understand the meaning of the world and post about it on Facebook every 15 minutes.
There would be significant challenges, coz biologically the human frontal lobe isn't fully developed till around university years, implicating potential inability to reason at a high philosophical level. Much like 4 year olds fail to recognize the volume of liquid did not change (much) when poured into a different sized container, because they simply can't yet. So then they would use more emotional reasoning (coz the amygdala sure is developed alright) and the whole class will be aroused and there won't be any academic discussion left. It may be worth to teach them philosophy concepts and logic (btw, my cognitive psychology classmates in uni still had difficulties with these, so I'm not even sure about this point), but the usual university-like philosophy courses prob won't be very productive.
I understand OPS point and i agree with it.  However I feel that it is less a question of incorporating Philosophy and more about learning to measure knowledge better.
 Teach a man to fish vs give a man a fish. In our current test taking environment it is easy for a person to cheat, or understand the answer for a short period of time.  We need to learn how to measure how well a person can problem solve and think through problems logically. 
I'd argue that paragraphs are the most important thing we can teach kids. Your second edit makes my eyes burn.
I've seen a lot of people complain that school doesn't teach you the skills you need in life, which for the most part they are correct. I honestly believe that school is a place to prepare you for your future job so you can be a good employee or employer, a mindless drone that does what it is told to do. After all the only way to get a A+ is to study every thing that they told you to study.


 if you look at everything about a school it's made you to follow instructions with out question, and see how long you last I.E the uniforms, Timing etc..., This is not the exact quote but it goes along the line of "School is a stickability test if you can survive that you're fit for your adult job" CGP Grey

 Just here to offer a whole new perspective I would love to hear what you think about this.
Imagine a nation armed with critical thought instead of willful ignorance. 
I disagree. Having educated youth is a huge threat to society. Just imagine if people were raised to think for themselves and in complex ways. This world would fall apart .
I disagree while philosophy is a novel science it is no where important as science math and English while it does teach you to question why you are thinking what you are thinking it has very little real world applications, where as math and science teach you how to thing and are full of real world application 
I agree, but there are politics keeping a philosophy course out of the schools.

The Gov, and many parents, want K-12 to be about moulding students with a cookie cutter, not freedom of thought and individuality.
I'm actually the only girl on my campus going for a phD in philosophy. It's quite another thing when other undergrads in the courses think all it is is a chance to argue about the election. 
Imagine, if philosophy was taught at a younger age, we would have students who actually realized how terrible of a candidate Trump really is. Additionally, we wouldn't have to hear things like, "I genuinely, with all my heart, believe my 3rd party candidate has  a chance of winning." 

I think courses like Theory of Knowledge (in the IB program) should be incorporated into the regular curriculum of public high schools. It serves as a pavement into logic and reasoning as students get closer to becoming registered voters. 

This just can't happen (sadly). There are already too many classes in an average middle or high school and I can't think of one that should be replaced for philosophy. Maybe english if the key elements are tied into the class?
Politics would be greatly helped by this. 
With internet being such a major part of our lives, I wouldn't mind younglings learning how to have a proper discussion without reaching for my mom.
They do but are taught I other classes
In a better way logic in both math and science and ethics in literature and law, IMO  their is nothing In philosophy that is not taught in a better way in other subjects, I do think philosophy should be mandatory in college but k-12 I believe should be reserved for required skills and or subjects like maths science and English 
I think teaching discrete mathematics would be more useful. It was the class that taught me how to write proofs and explain my reasoning.

Philosophy is too broad and the teaching of philosophy never seems to have made any progress. In math courses, we read compilations of great theories, not a book 400 years old.
I feel like the American school system is rather outdated and is purposely designed to keep us thinking like sheep. They don't want us to think outside the box. 
I think the main issue is that philosophy is antithetical to standardization.
I feel like logic is too difficult for student of that level. Philosophy requires difficult thinking of logical events. I think that's why it is a core class in college because students don't get an understanding in philosophy at younger ages. The issue with American high school students is that a lot already have difficulty thinking about literature and science. It has to be slow.
It's funny, you kind of disproved yourself with your own argument.  Your first argument was that teaching philosophy would lead to better discussions and less (or at least "better") disagreement and we would all come to the "right" decisions.  

Then you go on to show that the root disagreements we have *are already moral and philosophical disagreements*.  We're already at that *higher* level of disagreement.
I don't think a philosophy course at a kindergarten, elementary, jr high, or high school level will end uncivil debates and uncivil discussions.  Even those trained in philosophy and philosophical discourse can be agents against debate and discussion.  Ludwig Wittgenstein thought himself so above everyone in debate that he would jab people with a fire poker to force people to 'get to the point.'

I was trained in philosophy and what that lead me to do was use precise language... but it also meant that every point needed elaboration and it turned me into a wind bag.  At some point when dealing with someone like me people are going to be bound to look for a break in discourse so they can challenge at least some point that I'm making... rudeness is a necessity there.

Should philosophy be in school?  Yes.  It should be draped in all of our liberal arts programs and used as a guide to correct opinion articles people are writing.  Most of our K-12 education is currently focused around linguistic mechanisms.... but not much of actually making any sense of things.
> Philosophy should be just as important as math, science, english, etc, in school. The reason I believe this is because philosophy forces you to know WHY you think something

This is wrong. Human communication isn't just the words you are writing or saying. Even when someone knows what he is saying, it doesn't work out as a necessary nice debate.  Communication is about cultural context and interests too.


I've always thought critical thinking should be taught at school. There weren't classes for it at any of the schools I went to.
This will never happen.  Critical thinkers pose a threat to the status quo.  The purpose of government schooling is to raise tax cattle.
Just wanted to let you know that this happens in some places. In Portugal there are 2 mandatory years of Philosophy in high school, no matter what branch you choose to study (economics, humanities, sciences, art). The best subject and teacher I have ever had (although a lot of people complain about this subject, I guess you need to be lucky with the teacher). I think about those classes almost daily. Immensely life-changing.
You're a sophomore in highschool so you just need to submit yourself to the fact that you don't know shit about shit and all of your ideas are terrible.

I just got over that whole "thinking I knew everything" and look I'm still doing it because I'm thinking my opinion is better than yours.

Truth is no one knows shit about shit so just keep your mind open. Every class is a philosophy class.
I feel like I would have got more out of philosophy classes than most classes K-12.
Maybe  they should teach to write first. That was painful to read.
I have been saying this for years and couldn't agree more.
The do but I think logic is better learnt in science and maths and ethics in law and literature I do think that philosophy should be taught in college but I believe that K12 should be reserved for required core subjects like math English and science 
Happy to say that my (Catholic) school's theology requirement has been covering moral philosophy and such very well. I'm surprised by how neutrally it's been taught. Guess I'm lucky. 
I would avoid implementing "Philosophy" classes, as they could easily devolve into rote memorization of names of philosophers and their ideas. Perhaps a "Logic" class would be more suitable.
Math is not purely logical, much of modern math is emprical and a lot of uses for math are more art than science.  In addition you could argue that a lot of mathematics is practical UI. The human mind and computers are good at solving some problems a certain way and not so much other ways. For example non-positional number systems are hard to work with compared to positional ones.
Theory of knowledge is taught to IB students. It's probably the closest thing to a philosophy class for high school, although it's limited to advanced students. It would most definitely be a challenge to teach philosophy to a good fraction of the student body. Even math is taught as rote memorization for the vast majority of students. 
It wouldn't be worth it until the education system is fixed. 
I've been to america and it's required there.
I totally agree with you on this 
I agree. In high school they really just make you memorize. It is never critical thinking based. This is great, if we can push this, we'd all be comfortable with our own minds. To be able to think outside the box and make infallible justifications, we expand our powers in ways we thought was not possible
Your examples of philosophical questions sounds exactly like my English classes in high school. Even though it's not explicitly a class I certainly was taught it. 
At those low levels of learning, philosophy class is called "reading".
I think life skills would be a better fit.
We should have a market in education so there can be thoughtful experimentation across the spectrum.
I would disagree, a great book to read is the Republic,  the purpose of the book describes the best city state with the best king however for this city to work each citizen must be the best he can be also. When it comes to philosophy you need to have a base foundation of all the other curriculum to actually make sophisticated and unique philosophic observations. Also it goes over how when a students is trained he will be trained for X years of geometry  followed by astronomy because geometry has to be known before astronomy. This is also applied to every other curriculum however start with numbers, reading and writing. 
I went to a private school in the US and philosophy was part of our core curriculum in grades 6-9 (ages 11-15 roughly)
Formal logic, rationality, critical thinking and skepticism should be taught. If all of that is included in philosophy, then yes, teach philosophy.

Also, English (or any native language) should have more focus on how to clearly communicate with another person.
In the 1980's I took Philosophy as an elective.  The teacher focused strong on logic and ethics.  It was worthwhile.  Many were freaked-out by the rigor of actually studying logic in a mathematical way.
>Here is a example of what happens when Philosophy isn't emphasized:
"I think all of those damn illegals need to get out of this country!"
"You're just a intolerant bigot!"
After Philosophy is emphasized:
"I think all of the illegal immigrants need to get out of this country"
"Why? What negative impact do they have?"
"Well they take our jobs"
"But all the evidence and research says they don't"
"But what makes them entitled to US citizenship?"


Is called political education and maturity. Philosophy can lead towards that goal, but it cannot accomplish it by forcing someone to do something they are not prepared to do: thinking.

Only if we incentivize thinking on your own and stop punishing people for having different opinions of superficial topics we can have meaningful progress. 

Only if your voice can be heard and you feel respected and respect others while not running risk "hurting someones feelings" throught simple speech.

We dont need philosophy per se, we need an educational system whith interacts with different opinions and is not based on the sole idea on learning dates and formulas to compute the correct answer, because after all, the lesson to learn for all of us in life is, that in many cases and situations there is no correct answer, only the answer we like or prefer. And if we are not prepared defending this idea while acknowledging the validity of other opinions we cannot achieve what you want.

So; instead of forcing people to take courses they will hate, make them think in courses they already have. And make it fun. 
The AVID program may be worth looking into.

K-12 philosophy has no place in an education system struggling to produce students with basic language/math competencies. No matter which way you split it, you'd be taking class time away from other valuable subjects.

Philosophy as a high school elective is available at most schools, but again making it a requirement for everyone would be taking class time away from students who need to build basic skills.

As a final note while you pick on Trump, as much as the media and the Clintons like to portray his average supporter as an uneducated redneck hillbilly or as part of a "basket of deplorables", Trump also wins the college educated white vote (most of whom have studied philosophy during their undergraduate) by a healthy margin.

You're right that partisan discourse dies in this country because of ad hominem and name calling, but you're also guilty of falling into that trap by deciding that Trump supporters must be uneducated, racist, or both.

Even for the 'uneducated' supporters, you may not care for the logic of a rust-belter out of work since the Clintons signed the NAFTA which shipped his manufacturing job overseas so that the company could be 4% more profitable, but it exists. Try expanding your mind to consider his set of priorities, and some of his logic should start coming together.
Recently, there was a push in my country (Chile) to remove Philosophy as a K12 subject (I'm on mobile so I'm gonna add the link later). We're living in times where we need the skill to look events from several angles and to discuss them in meaningful ways so we can get solutions.

Why we would get rid of it then? Because K12 philosophy isn't philosophy.

To condense such a heavy subject onto an already crowded system, you need laser sharp focus on what you need and what you want to get from the course. It's been proven (at least here, I'm proof of it) that teachers don't give two shits about it. 

The problem isn't getting philosophy in, is getting people capable of teaching it and engage students into actually learning from it. The subject is pretty dense and dull, you need a lot of effort put into it to make it work. And that's not gonna happen. Society nowadays overvalues maths and sciences because they're easier to teach and those skills are needed on the work market. 

People undervalue philosophy because it doesn't have a market value, rather it has a human value. It makes us better people. In a school system that's completely far from teaching kids to be better people instead of choking them with information, philosophy isn't gonna work.

Unless you overhaul the system and change the focus on teaching skills for life instead of skills for work, something similar than what happened here will happen.

My philosophy classes were separated in two: psychology and actual philosophy. The first section was basically psychology terminology thrown out without any purpose behind it. The other section was an overall look at some philosophy things like Socrates or the Cavern Myth. My teacher tried to engage us, but to no avail. There was no discussion of what it meant or what implication has nowadays. Nothing. 

It was 2 classroom hours a week wasted in nothing. Most of what I learned of philosophy I learned it outside school (mostly through videos from The School Of Life in YouTube). 

Overall, the question isn't "why it isn't a subject yet?"  It's rather "how we make it work, if the whole system is a mess". 
Had I taken philosophy courses in high school, I probably would have never gone into the major I chose at the outset in university. I minored in philosophy after being randomly assigned a course as a gen ed at my school, and after 3 years of courses getting a taste of a variety of disciplines in the field I developed not only significant doubts about my primary field of study, but also a significant reevaluation of the values that made me want to go into my field in the first place. I'm grateful that these studies kept me from developing regret down the road, when it might have been too late to change. more than four years of my life could've been wasted.
If I had read Marcus Aurelius' Meditations when I was 15 and not 25, the outcome of that entire decade would've been different. Philosophy should be taught from when children are knee-high to a grasshopper.
I'm a recent undergrad graduate who double majored in IR and Philosophy. I completely agree.

Even if we weren't teaching kids philosophical doctrines, teaching them logic and the Socratic method would help every subject IMO. Math? Logic. History? More willing to challenge the norm and question things instead of just acknowledging that XYZ are the way things are and always have been.


In IB there's this necessary class called Theory of Knowledge that's supposedly a combination of philosophy and psychology. Haven't gotten to that part of the program yet, don't know if I'll last till then.
So, I think what you're talking about would be more a class on  ontology and etymology, so kids would learn how we know what we know and what is

Edit: wrong ology
I was fortunate enough to be homeschooled and my mother included 4 semesters of logic in my curriculum. We also analyzed a few philosophy text, but only really Plato and Aristotle, from what I recall. 
TBH I don't remember anything from school besides arithmetic and some history.
No it shouldn't.  
Interestingly enough, my school does this. Sort of. I go to an IB school, and in 11 & 12th grades, we have to take Theory of Knowledge, which is pretty much a philosophy based class. So far, it's turned out pretty well.
I think symbolic logic should be mandatory along with some western philosophy. Those classes in my early college years were extremely helpful in helping me find a career path (programming) and taught me how to write with no fillers. 
In my school we could not choose classes, philosophy and ethics was a mandatory class. 
Yea? Well you're a nerd.
I don't know about k-12, but I've always been fond of the idea of teaching philosophy in public schools, particularly at a young age. Philosophy did so much for me when I was in elementary school. I was reading Norse philosophy, Eastern philosophy, as well as some Nietzsche and Bruce Lee. Much of it was lost on me, but it gave me ideas and mentors that stuck with me for a decade if not longer - to today even. It helped me be a weird youth who stood up against bullies on other's behalf as well as rather depressed, haha. I believe one quote I remember from Norse mythology was "To be wise is synonymous to being depressed, for wisdom is a burden". Not proclaiming I am wise or ever have been, but it still made sense to me and was important. Even so, I appreciate having learned some philosophy at a young age and wouldn't change it.

Of course, I didn't learn logic until I majored in philosophy when I hit the University. That would've been helpful too, haha. 
Logic should be taught in high school. Philosophy should be taught in college. All students should have a good Propædia.
I agree. Not sure about curriculum in your country. I think that such topics should be included from public school level if they aren't already. It is always good to be able to formulate statements clearly, and to consider the reasons behind opinions and arguments.    
Doesn't English class (or equivalent) contain some sort of analysis or discussion of argumentation in speeches and texts? 
This may be useful:  http://connect.ala.org/files/2139/3_ds_pdf_10283.pdf
Too much time is spent on quiz answers, so teachers can grade.

Philosophy, taught right, focuses on the thinking process and formulating better questions and beliefs.  Because can we ever really "know"?

Without philosophy, one can't truly be educated, can they?  With philosophy, we won't be as smug.
Philosophy was one of my easiest courses in college, I wouldnt mind that extra A growing up.
no,i can't beleive you wan't me to suffer like that
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes! Why we haven't been doing this from the beginning is mind boggling. 
It sort of is for ib students, it's called tok
Just teach basic law. The practical benefits are much higher. Every person should be able to defend themselves in small civil matters(mortgage, traffic court, etc).
"Philosophy should be as important as math"
Boi nothing should be as important as math
This post is a joke right?
While I don't *disagree* with your idea, I don't think it's advisable to be teaching children about abstract and intangible concepts as early as kindergarden. There is a reason we don't teach the concept of zero until later in elementary school, and why early math is always exemplified with physical representations of numbers: children tend to think very literally, and their logic is concrete. This is the reason why I don't approve of children being taught sex ed before the average age of puberty, or about a lot of the social justice issues that I see teachers trying to push on younger students (First day information forms asking 5th graders what their sexual orientation is, is an example I've seen several times.) Children are impressionable, and a lot of the time, they don't really learn so much as parrot information given to them, the ability to question things you are being taught you when someone is only around 10 is rather precocious, and should not be expected of most children of that age no matter how much we'd want it to be, and trying to force the ideas of critical thinking to early can often lead to rebellious behavior due to concrete and literal thinking.

I'm not saying that these things shouldn't be taught, I'm just saying that it should wait for around Junior High level (Around Grade 6-9), when the majority of children's critical thinking skills will be grown enough to start being able to grasp these concepts. Even then, I still have my doubts: how much of human nature can really be taught anyways? The way I see it, it's like talking about sex to someone who has not yet or cannot experience it. They probably understand the general idea of what you are saying, but they can never at this time really *feel* and personalize what you are saying. I think philosophy is something that you have to experience through your own life and your connection to the human condition to learn, and that you will never truly appreciate it if your first real experience with it is in a sterile classroom.
i totally agree, philosophy is a part of every slice of life, yet people avoid it or mock it
It sounds like you're talking about two different subjects. While somewhat similar, logic and philosophy are still different subjects. I have taken a logic class and I have taken a philosophy class. In my career, I use logic far more. I think it would be better to teach a logic course and integrate philosophy into the STEM classes. Had professors that just wanted me to regurgitate information. I also had professors that genuinely wanted me to learn and think for myself. There is more to it than adding a philosophy class to K-12.
You've had plenty of comments, but I wanted to add just one - I dated a high school teacher for several years.

>"You're just a intolerant bigot!"
After Philosophy is emphasized:
"I think all of the illegal immigrants need to get out of this country"
"Why? What negative impact do they have?"
"Well they take our jobs"
"But all the evidence and research says they don't"
"But what makes them entitled to US citizenship?"
And back and forth. Instead of name calling, actual logical discussion.

This is the quickest way to have parents complain and get that shit shut down. The problem with these classes, or any political theory type course, for kids that age is that parents will see it as their lessons being undermined.

Even from my own experience, I once tried to write an objective piece about the confederate flag. I attended school in Mississippi, and I was the editor of the newspaper. I meant no harm about it, but I wanted an unbiased look at the history of the flag that was such a hot topic.

When people caught wind of it, without asking any questions, the principal received calls. I was brought in and told I would not be writing it, or I'd be off the newspaper permanently. 

These courses are a good idea in theory, but parents are the worst.
At my high school we did a unit on philosphy senior year in English class. Being an already logically thinking person, I excelled past all my classmates who found it terribly boring. 
It really would help link together writing in Science, history, math with the kind you do in English.  So often growing up you would hear a teacher complain about the other subjects teaching writing improperly when they're really all missing fundamentals that would link them together.
Does anyone have suggestions for introducing philosophy into an English classroom? I'll be a teacher for 6-12th grade classes next year and this is something I've thought about often but don't know really where to start! 
This is a very thoughtful post and is the reason I love reddit.

Coming from a math background, honestly speaking, many things are taught without giving the reason, for example 2 + 2 = 4. Many kids are forced to memorize that, although it can be justified by counting.
Philosophy does not mean you know exactly why because of logical thinking. Subjectivity vs objectivity is much more relevant in perception than logic. Logic is displayed much more in discrete mathematics than philosophy. Philosophy - the study of the THEORETICAL basis of a particular branch of knowledge or experience. 
Ok well I guess we can agree to
Disagree I think your placing far to much value in Philosophy 
To begin with, awesome op. I love the concept of introducing philosophy to students at a much younger age. I do not think you are arguing for this though. I believe you are arguing that people learn how to critically think and make a sound argument. I am a 3rd year Philo major and I don't see any relation to philosophy in your proposal aside from logic and arguments. Logic is the foundation for making a sound argument but it is not by any means all of  philosophy. I don't see how introducing history of philosophy,  contemporary ethics or even metaphysics would really benefit someone in high school. On the contrary, critical thinking and logic classes would do an amazing amount to open people's minds.  It is sickening to think that sound arguments really only work on philosophers.
It looks like I'm late to the party, but still: do check the SEP.

[Philosophy for Children](http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/children/)
I hope you know the way that example conversation ends is with the person arguing against immigration saying that all the information presented to counter his argument is leftist information created by the liberal media to take over the country, or something. Logic only goes so far, but when people refuse to accept it, there's nothing you can do. 

Also, I do agree with others that other fields can teach logical thinking as well. I have my bachelors in computer science and I think that field taught me more about how to question things and think logically than any philosophy or religion class I ever took in my undergrad or high school career. 

Still, I see the value and the long-term benefits and I agree more logical thinking should be taught to kids at a young age. 
I completely agree with the statement in the Original Post. The fact is that the justification for having Maths as a compulsion till further education is that the study of mathematics develops logical thought processes. Mathematics teaches students to think laterally, and to solve problems using the tools they have available. My issue is that mathematics is clearly focused on the STEM fields, and isn't as important for the humanities based subjects. Is philosophy develops the same thought processes as maths, why cant it be a substitute for students who wish to pursue fields that don't require maths? 

I am supporting the teaching of philosophy throughout school, not just in secondary and higher education. 
I had a course called "logic and critical thinking" in H.S.

it was by far the best class i've had up to that point and maybe ever.

got exposed to classical philosophy in Junior College, but it was more memorization of dead ppl than anything else.
Serious question:

Since its unlikely that the American education system will implement this for my kids, how can I teach my kids Philosophy at home while they're in K-12? Any recommended reading or videos?
We had compulsory Rhetoric classes in grades 10, 11, 12 in a Russian public school :O It was great as it introduced me to many philosophers and some ways of thinking.
I don't think the US is capable of making a philosophy curriculum without it being extremely, extremely biased.  Perhaps more importantly, kids only realize that people can think different when they're 5 at the earliest, and don't really develop any sort of meaningful introspection till much later.  

As a high school class I definitely think kids should be introduced to some form of philosophy, but I don't think most are mature enough to apply it reasonably in their lives (possibly it would become a detriment to them if they really don't understand), and I think choosing where to start would be really, really hard (can't just throw some highschool freshmen into Mills and expect them to get it).
I believe to make this author's post more concise would be to say that the author wants more LOGIC and CRITICAL THINKING taught in grades k-12. Philosophy is a broad concept, and it is true that philosophy can be an umbrella term for "history of philosophy" (which requires no critical thinking), but at the core of the actual DISCIPLINE of philosophy, is logic.

I attribute the logic of philosophy of how mathematics is to physics. Math is the logical construct of symbols that define the forces in nature to predict and explain real world phenomena. And so too is rhetoric for philosophy. Meaning, words and language are/is used instead of arbitrary symbols. 

Essentially, I agree, because if we were all trained in philosophy, clearly we wouldn't have this misunderstood argument of conflating philosophy with history of philosophy because a trained philosopher would first ask to 
1) Define Philosophy.

Also, a minor criticism of philosophical idols... Sam Harris is not really a philosophy genius. He is a modern regurgitator that has packaged old, simplistic ideas into sexy, well understood sentences decipherable enough for the average non-thinking brain to understand. A point I commonly hear about Sam Harris is that he is so great and smart for being a neuroscientist, challenging Islam, and the existence of God, but there are really much, much, better and more sophisticated devoted scholars who have fleshed out Harris' arguments in full, (and refuted them). Kant, David Hume, Simone Weil, have taken several of his arguments beyond his scope.
I'm pretty sure that's not philosophy you're talking about. Sounds like logic and basic speech classes I had to take in high school. I raise you this however. I believe if more people grew some spine and learned that everybody judges you for everything you do and suck it up, we'd have more intelligent conversations happening and logic would be pursued in the means of defending oneself. Just my thoughts. 
I don't necessarily believe that the solution to this problem of individuals beginning to lack critical thinking skills and the ability to argue effectively is because students aren't taking philosophy. I'm personally of the belief that it's purely the fault of the current educational system and its heavy focus on memorization.

I remember strongly when going through math that kids just only really memorized a formula for how to solve something and just used it for every problem on a homework assignment and then memorized it for the test. Then when all of a sudden a question that required kids to think a little bit out side the box appeared on the test, kids lost their s***! When getting back the quiz kids compared scores on the "trick" question and whisper to each other furiously that the teacher never covered the material in class. But I digress.  

I'm a very strong believer that the main problem isn't just kids lacking the knowledge of how to think critically, it's just that aren't asked to, and so they won't do it. 


Way to bring your wrong views on politics into it.
As someone who studied philosophy for 6hrs per week(along with 14hrs maths, 8 of geopolitics and 8 of languages) during 2 intensive years in the French "preparatory classes", I agree.
I love how it teaches you to think about anything and think logically.
Our exams were super interesting, basically one sentence then you'd have to write an 8 pages essay. ("Twilight of truth" is one I dearly remember).
People need to learn how to debate - even if they don't understand Philosophical questions, they should know how to listen to an opposing view and then formulate their own, without deviating wildly from the argument and attacking an opponent. 

This, and we need actual forums of debate. The internet is nice for conversations, but threaded comments and no realtime moderation makes for poor debating that fizzles out after being belittled through downvoting or through personal attacks.

Anyone who cannot carry on a debate without resorting to personal attacks cannot be treated as a rational participant.

Also, a fruitful debate can only happen if all participants are equally informed on a subject, which is rarely the case. With media bias as well, everyone will have an opinion, but rarely any knowledge to back it up.

People need to learn to inform themselves, and this includes knowing how to debate - debate should be about both learning and arguing a point - but people rarely have the introspection necessary to be adaptable in a conversation, and will simply continue parroting political rhetoric, or using quotes without considering an opposing view.

I personally find it highly frustrating.
It's a heavy subject. You'd need to water it down. Not saying grade school kids are dumb, just saying making it a consecutive mandatory subject would be a bit tricky.

I'd make the analogy that it's like trying to move an AP History course down to the early grade levels. Sure it's possible, but why?
 " Squash all beef " - KRS-ONE
Philosophy has many tenets, some are deemed unnecessary to be inducted, but some I highly recommend -- logical  fallacies for instance.

Here in our country, people begin to use arguments really bad (fallacy everywhere), reflected from the obnoxious social media due to lack of education about the subject. If logical fallacies is taught well at least on the grade 9 part, which seems appropriate for a 15-year old student, I shall find the future generations more outspoken to their own views than of what I see on our country today.

In my experience, I'm currently enrolled on a college, but I had learned how to argue logically and to discern what fallacies are just right I begin to research the internet myself.
I have this belief that philosophy gives us a breather before we react suddenly !!

This may just be the saving grace of humanity at the juncture of doom!
Took an ethics class in college. There were very few of us who were interested in it enough to do the massive amount of required reading. Don't think a class like this would go over too well with kids. I thought it was cool, but don't really think requiring it in k12 would be too helpful. Maybe as an elective or something. 
Government schools will never teach a class that would encourage people to think about the foundations of government, and to question the necessity of authorities.  There is also an argument that young minds aren't yet equipped to understand the philosophical arguments being proposed in most philosophical works.

Perhaps an AP philosophy course would be beneficial to some advanced students, but for most students, the class could be seen as "corrupting the youth".  Just look at what happened to Socrates.
I completely agree with you, but the sad truth is education systems aren't really designed to make you an independent thinker, or a good human. Think about what levels of personal growth you could reach with twelve (twelve!!!) years of education. We're just taught to swallow information and regurgitate.

This is a real frustration of mine, and it was the only subject I could passionately write essays about back in high school.


Edit: The way I would stimulate that mindset is not via books but via conversation. One on one or in group. Kids already are natural philosophers when they're in that phase where they ask why after every answer you give.

There is a philosophy class I took in college called "Critical thinking", and I think it would fit well somewhere in high school curriculum. It was basically just about logical structures for arguments, validity and soundness, and common errors in reasoning. That's doable. But the idea of teaching Nietzsche or ethics or metaphysics or anything specialized is not realistic. 
In my school (Germany),  philosophy is what you can take if you don't take catholic/protestant religion. Grades 5-11/12. I mean, you mostly learn about religions in the first years, but all in all the critical thinking and that we always coklected personal opinions was great (some people from religion even switched, what you can choose every year until sek II). I'm just kind of dissappointed that in the sek II, we will only discuss Kant.
I think kindergarten through fifth grade is an absolutely critical time for philosophy exposure. You don't have to have the students have the focus required for hard specifics like computational tasks or memorization to get big payoffs in student outcomes. 

Of course it is appropriate later but I feel like we introduce philosophy  (as its own field) way too late for it to work best. Why don't we, actually?  Does anyone know?  I'm sure I'm overlooking developmental needs of kids and substituting facts for what I feel is right. Anyone work in education?
In high school, I was in the International Baccalaureate program. We had a required class called Theory of Knowledge. It was one of the best classes I've ever taken.
I still remember when I was denied the opportunity to write my I.B. extended essay on philosophy in high school because I had no 'official' education in the subject. That sounds reasonable (not having enough prior knowledge in a subject area prior could be a death trap when you are stuck writing on said subject), until you consider that I was never given an opportunity to 'officially' learn it... -_-

It sucks even more because I am an amateur philosopher of sorts having pondered logic, ethics, etc. often throughout my high school career. If only they knew that I knew more in that area than the average U.S. highschool student (I am from the U.S. fyi).

On a side note, Theory of Knowledge class was a requirement for I.B. diploma students (sadly, non-I.B. diploma students were restricted from taking it) and was a sort of pre-philosophy class. Unfortunately, most of my fellow I.B. students, yes even the generally overachieving I.B. students, regarded it as more or less of a blow-off class.
>the logical formula of thinking (yes, there is one)

What does it purport to do?
I beg to differ. Public education is there so we can be productive citizens. Philosophy hardly actually does much for society (at least nowadays). It's perfectly fine if it's an elective though. My high school had one for seniors.
Philosophy is taught in Singapore as an examinable subject, Knowledge and Inquiry, which can be used for application to universities. I took the subject and I really loved it because it forced me to question the epistemic basis of all that I knew and really relook the world around me. However, implementation of such a syllabus is rocky for the most part. Only the top 7/18 pre-university institutions in my country offer this subject. Demarcation of the syllabus is pretty darn broad, leaving schools to interpret what might be examined. And oweing to the perceived difficulty of the subject, entrance tests are administered just for the subject alone and candidature is puny, just 11 students out of a cohort of 800 students in my school. That being said, it does have its merits. There's a wide exposure to philosophical works, and students are given the freedom to deepen their knowledge through applying the concepts they've learn to any topic by writing a 3000 word paper independently. From my experience, our education system prepares students sufficiently and philosophy is a nice add on, but not entirely necessary as an academic pursuit. OP should recognise that 1. Plenty of other subjects can teach the logic he deems to be so lacking in his country, which a good grasp of current affairs would certainly help. The skills I've learnt are certainly helpful, but they really not dissimilar to other subjects that require reasoning, implicitly or explicitly. For example, in history, we're taught to construct cogent arguments with well supported evidence.  2. Often people are subject to their own emotional arguments and reject philosophy as too analytical an alternative. Someone might have disdain for illegal immigrants due to their anecdotal experiences and no amount of philosophy can relieve such personal convictions.
Yes, "philosophy" should be taught, but it seems that you are pining for students to be taught critical thinking skills, yes?  

But History should be not just taught more, but it should be also the CORE of the curriculum from 4-12th grades. 
I agree! Growing up in New York City, I feel as if the most valuable lessons I have ever learned were outside of the classroom. But when it came time to discuss these lessons, they weren't topics of conversation that could be brought into a classroom for being "off-topic". 

It is a catch 22 because students are taught things that are meant to influence their thinking, without actually being taught how to think. If I were to go back in time and do it all over again, I wish that I could have learned the brain in a vat theory at a very young age. It opened my mind up to the world of theories, but more importantly, it helped me realize that every person has their own perspective and influence behind why they believe so.  
Until our society no longer needs mindless work to be performed by humans, we need conformists to be farmed and shaped to become cogs in the machine that is modern industry.  As automation spreads in all areas, perhaps the time for an examined youth would be worthwhile.
Schooling is the ultimate form of vetting. Why would a school in any way want to create individually powerful capable people with inclination to infact question everything with honest intenton. The best schooled becomes the country leader, in other words the highest vetted. You stand out from the crowd and you are bullied, you achieve more than expected then you are expected to become more with an inevitable moment of failure on the horizon. 

The mere concept of a valuable addition to schooling would be emotonal and realistic classes, based on team building and personal expression. The value of honesty, the meaning of loyalties, the foundation of integrity. 

Philosophy itself is just another class that gives those who yearn a class for asking the questions others might not, a place to do just that. 

Segregation once again whilst encouraging those with deep philosophical roots to align themselves within a container of restraint. Ultimately of course with the literature and workings vetted by the governments and controllers of the respective domain.

Rationality in itself is not enough; as rationale is speculative, and independent thought is provocative. 

All the while people fight among their own (demassification) and focus on such idiocies as racism, prejudice, creed and class. Science alone is not enough, just as faith isnt too. 

What is required a purge of intellectual neglect.
Public high schools spit out labour force robots. You want a rudimentary education that enables workers to follow orders. Reasoning, creative thinking and such are not the primary concern of high schools.

This is why I'm going to do my best to send my future children to private schools. Everyone hates these preppy pompous kids but if they offer better education, I'm sold
What about no? Philosophy is boring as shit and largely pointless now. Philosophy was extreamly useful when the scientist was the philosopher. Unfortunately now we have talking heads who argue such abstract and unimportant  positions as " Are the axioms of mathematics false because it doesn't hold up in base 3?" 
It is in my country (Romania), taught in grade 12 (senior).
In our class, we have something called, "Understanding Culture, Society and Politics" which is pretty much is philosophy in a way. We're the first k-12 batch in 11th grade in the Philippines
Agreed! Kids need to be taught reasoning skills outside of how to write a paper for English class. I'm also a proponent of required computer science courses...but those would be incoherent without instruction in logic as well.
Western education is needed to create dumbed down individuals, professional consumers. You need someone who's being capable of picking between two offers of personal loans, but not actually think through why do they need the loan in the first place.
School's primary function is to train, not teach. 
I went to catholic school and despite popular belief, we always learned about several different religions in religion class, which served much the same purpose as a philosophy class. It helped me open my mind and make my own choices.
Do you know how hard it is to indoctrinate children if they are first taught to ask why?  Never gonna happen
Taking philosophy in college changed my life. I took a reasonings course because it was an easy alternative to a math credit. I'm awful at math partly because I'm horrifically dyslexic with numbers and partly because dislike it. After taking the class I found myself taking every philosophy course just for fun. What amazed me most was seeing how terrible my opinions on subjects were. Growing up in a very religious and conservative family it was polarizing to see how Fallacious my arguments for some of my views were. 

After finishing all the philosophy courses I could take I think I'm now more fundamental in how I perceive the world and I'm able to break down ideas and concepts to get the real meaning and understanding which then allow me to better conceptualize effects. I can also tear apart flaws in other people's arguments or see how someone might try and misguide me. Case in point, destroying Donald Trump's ideas for America. The guy is a walking book of fallacies. If I didn't take those courses I'd probably be in love with him.  
The entire argument hinges on the assumption that schools are meant to provide students with thinking skills.  Once you realize this isn't really the case, the entire argument falls apart.

*Should* students be taught to think critically about, well, everything?  Yes.  Does the state want a citizenry that's capable of critical thinking?  Absolutely not.  Critical thinking is a direct threat to state security.
What about replacing english classes (or whatever the local equivalent is) with "Communication and Thought", for K-12?

The curriculum would start in the early grades just as language classes do now, with reading and writing, spelling and grammar, and over time students would be introduced to essay-writing and argument, as well as classical and contemporary literature.

In the higher grades there would be more philosophical/abstract content, eg logic, perennial topics in philosophy, etc.

A lot of philosophy depends on using language clearly and precisely, and learning to think clearly and argue clearly improves language skills, so to me the connection seems obvious.
Higher quality and more frequent physical education would be a higher priority than this, yielding a higher return on investment as far as long term quality of life and societal costs. I had it once a week for an hour from K-8 (if that) but it should be a daily thing.
Absolutely not. Music should be a core K-12 class, Home Ec should be a core K-12 class, Art, Auto Shop, and PE should be required in high school. Primary school and high school are about giving young people real skills for life. 

Philosophy is a bunch of people standing in a circle talking about how things should be but doing nothing.
PS: Philosophy class is not logic class, you learn logical examination and thought from many sources, especially the sciences.
Philosophy was actually ranked as one of the least desirable degrees by employers. I think philosophy majors tend to over estimate its importance. You can learn logic in other fields as well.
OP, **I have never seen anyone nonchalantly butcher the term "logic" so severely before.** From your laughably lay usage of "sound", "logic", "illogical", "valid" and so on, I daresay you've never actually taken a course on formal logic? Your entire post was a hodgepodge of pseudo-profound bullshit. Your vague understanding of "logic", beyond "stuff that makes sense" and "fallacies", makes an absolute mockery of what logic actually is.

Unfortunately, you haven't defined logic very well in your post. As a result, your post has little to no actionable content. It seems like when you are using the term "logic", you are referring to informal logic, which is the study of everyday arguments without using formal rules or any sort of organized system. Typically, these everyday arguments will be evaluated in a "Critical Thinking 101" or "Baby Logic" course. Unfortunately, said "everyday arguments" are often unrealistic and too linear, which would undoubtedly skew the uninformed student's judgement of what an "everyday argument" is and would consequently hinder their ability to evaluate arguments in real life, which are a far cry from the "Socrates is mortal" nonsense I see in most introductory logic courses.

On the other hand, formal logic, which is what most logicians are referring to when they say "logic", in a nutshell, is the study of reasoning and valid and invalid inferences. Typically, this will involve studying an object language, such as propositional logic. In other words, formal logic is the study of what you can and can't conclude (with absolute certainty) from a set of premises or known information, and the steps you must take to get to that conclusion, or in the case of invalidity, why and when you cannot infer a certain conclusion from a set of premises.

Anyone who has not been exposed to a course in formal logic and metalogic (the "logic" of logic, or the theory behind different object languages), both of which are highly mathematical subjects, is highly unlikely to be able to acknowledge the nuances of everyday arguments, as well as the scope of deductive logic. I feel like [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/logic/comments/4z9gw2/what_type_of_logic_are_you_using_while_doing_a/d6vtxz3) from /r/logic elaborates on my point quite clearly.

---

The moral of the story is, please educate yourself on your topic of interest before you start throwing around technical terms like "valid", "sound", and "logic". You risk misleading any prospective students of philosophy by lacking understanding of the field that you are talking about, which is logic. Logic is a subset of epistemology, and epistemology is a subset of philosophy. You really need to make up your mind when you refer to these terms. 

* You're not the only one guilty of doing this, but I am just appalled by the fact that this garbage made it to the front page of reddit.


The fact that so many people feel qualified to comment on this, without ever taking a philosophy class, because they "learned" logic from their STEM and social science classes, just proves that philosophy does need to be a core k-12 class like it was several hundred years ago.

Apparently, adequate logic and critical thinking are taught in nearly every college class. And our country seems to get more batshit insane every decade...

The downfall of education began when philosophy was removed from the core curriculum.





It was mandatory in my high school.

All I remember from that class was my professor, Dr. Milton saying "years from now you'll think about this and remember this class."

And, well, he's not wrong.

But, I still don't think it should be mandatory. I don't think it's relevant. After going through the whole semester it reinforced in to me that I simply don't care.

Everything can be a circular argument. And to me, the way to avoid the circular argument is to step outside of the circle and not care about the argument at all.

And as such, I simply don't care about anything like Free Will vs. Predetermination.

Oh. The one thing I did like about the class was "I think, therefore I am" though. And Kant was mostly a good guy.
I took a philosophy course in college.  

It has little to no applicable, practical value.  Making it mandatory in high school would be a waste of time and money.

If you enjoy existential debates and whatnot, more power to you.  But there is a reason people laugh at philosophy degrees: they don't prepare you in any way for the working world.
But kids would hate it more than English, talking about feels and messages and shit. That sounds worse than poetry, and it's a class you could fail!
So I am a sophomore in high school who wrote the OP to bring up a interesting idea that I would never pretend is perfect. If this were to actually happen, so many kinks and things would need to be figured out and our culture would have to change pretty significantly in the US for this to ever be a reality. I think this has been a pretty cool discussion here and my perspective on this is different than when I first posted it because of the discussion. I did not post this to preach about how terrible everyone is, I posted just to see what people thought about this really.

I do really believe that our society could improve with more emphasis on understanding other's perspectives and having a more logical, perhaps rational thinking process on ideas, and other people's ideas. When I said we need more logic, I meant in regards to discussing and perceiving ideas. I'm not saying everyone is illogical about everything because if that were the case there would be no Reddit for me to post on. Or a phone for me to type on. Clearly, we have our fair dose of logic all around.

However logic regarding ideas is different than logic regarding most other things. Because with ideas, emotion and bias are thrown in. I would not want to live in a world with no emotion and it's something humans will have forever, well, unless robots or some shit. However, I think many people in the country are allowing their (usually) well intentioned pride and emotion to cloud their ability to have a productive discussion with people that think differently. I'm not going to pretend to not have allowed emotion and pride to cloud my judgement sometimes, of course it has.

But I just feel, that if the way of thinking and analyzing ideas in Philosophy was more valued in our culture, we would be more united and productive. Of course we cannot get rid of emotion in our thinking, we never should. But we can become a society that is more critical thinking and productive when discussing ideas. There is no reason why we can't. Clearly I don't mean this will happen in a year, but there is no reason that we can't strive to eventually improve more and more when talking about ideas.

As I said in the OP, many ideas are going to be rooted in morality. That's not because they're illogical, it's because that's how many ideas just are. Logic doesn't dictate all ideas. If I said that all humans have certain rights just because they're human dammit, there is no logic to that. But it's not illogical either. It's just a idea my morals lead me to. So often we think people's ideas are ridiculous and just attack them without thinking about why they might have that idea, which only serves to hurt both ways. Of course some ideas are predominantly based in logic, and at that point yeah, some ideas make more sense than others. But even then if you want to actually have a productive conversation with someone who has a different perspective on it, being a cunt isn't going to do anything. Not many people have had their mind expanded because they got called a name and mocked.

I also imagine a society, where everyone could name a reason for their opinion. Not only do so many people not"question everything", so many people question nothing. So many people have strong convictions about things but can't name any actual reason for it, and this doesn't just happen with socially akward adults on Reddit lol.

If our education system put more emphasis on our ability to independently think and analyze things we would be better off. This is not to say we should scrap the education system and start from scratch, but we should make more of a effort to encourage critical thinking.

Based on some responses on here, I can understand if you think my idea isn't actually a Philosophy class, but just borrows elements of Philosophy to encourage intellectual thinking. I also realize the class would have to be different than many Philosophy classes you can take at various levels of educatuon right now. And perhaps this wouldn't start until 6-7th grade once people are more mature. I still think we could find a way to encourage philosophical type thinking at the beginning grades, but clearly to a different degree than the higher ones.


No, never. Philosophy has no place in school, it's not logic it's abstract. 
That's why there's *Critical Thinking* and *Citizenship* subjects.

Abd you wrote all that......
[deleted]
Found this on all, no it shouldn't lol. I mean I took one in grade 12 and while it was interesting, it's not really important stuff. Just an easy bird course.
Philosophy is the precursor to science (just as religion was the precursor to philosophy). Much of what constitutes philosophy has been superseded by the various branches of science. I would say teaching science more rigorously would achieve more. A good philosophy course these days will just have to keep referring to science anyway - just cut out the middle man.

Philosophy still has a place in discussing morals, ethics, value systems etc., but the debate and discussion of facts and the physical world should be left to science.
Highschool parties would become so smug...
Critical thinking, not philosophy, should be in k12. Your example is not philosophy; it's critical thinking to be more specific. Philosophy is too broad to include for kids at these ages and you have to remember that you would need to remove something that philosophy would replace. It's not as easy as just adding it to the curriculum. 

You don't need to study philosophy to learn how to thinking critically. It's the part of the brain that's responsible for fluid intelligence, and you need to simply work it through constantly being skeptical of your own thought process and be aware of your own biases as well as others'.
There's a reason why it's not. All of these government indoctrination centers would never teach people how to think because people would notice what the government is doing to them and wake up. 
Rather than teaching philosophy, perhaps we should just teach critical thinking.  There's an awful lot of the former about but not much of the latter.  Note the 2 aren't synonymous. 
Philosophy itself is a fallacy and while teaching it early will improve critical thinking skills, it will also distill theoretical information in the minds of youth as if it is fact. That would undoubtedly lead to many misconceptions lead to more confusion than answers. 
I disagree,  philosophy 101 was interesting but hardly useful. Speech and Debate should be a core k-12 class. 
Agreed as long as you concede that almost all of philosophy is a misleading and confused disaster coming from a theistic tradition. 

Don't teach them Descartes. Teach them from say, Russell, forward.
I completely disagree. Unless you just teach people the core ideas of philosophy, like how to question things deeper and explore meaning and what not. The idea of teaching people x philosopher or y philosopher is a tough thing to sort out and I don't think there's much of a point to that.
I came to this country as a graduate student. For 5 years I taught college students as a teaching assistant. The US does not need more "fluff" teaching like "Philosophy" as a mainstream subject. It is perfectly fine as a one course requirement for all degrees. I respect philosophy as a subject and understand the value it brings to society. 

The US needs kids to learn math, science and English. Maybe then you'll never encounter the situation I did teaching computer science 101. I was teaching them JavaScript and told them we would spend one half of a class talking about basic mathematical operations in JavaScript. One. Half. Of. One. Lecture. A girl in the back goes "MATH? DID HE JUST SAY MATH? I took this class to get out of taking math". I was going to teach them how to make the computer do a + b for them on a webpage and someone freaked out.

Next, we have science. One of my friends was a teaching assistant for Civil Engineering (he was also from another country). He had college students who did not understand how rocks were formed. They struggled to understand that rocks can be impervious or not. 

Finally, let us talk a little about English. Just because someone knows how to converse in English does not mean they understand words they read. Reading is important to personal intellectual growth. This is why news outlets and sham websites are having a field day feeding us misinformation and thriving on our desire for sensationalism. Nobody wants to read. Studying English would force a culture of reading books. 

/rant
I firmly disagree. Philosophy is a concept that is strictly opinion. Yes, human beings have a logic that we've applied to it generally, but that simply doesn't track for everyone. Philosophy is not a science, and shouldn't be part of a mandatory education for students. You might be thinking that writing or different languages aren't sciences either, but the point is with these classes you have a definite, 100% certain answer to any question regarding them. In physics, a ball dropped with the exact same conditions will always fall the same way, and in English a word has a correct spelling (well, sometimes 2. Looking at you grey/gray)
Philosophy is a study that is based on entirely debatable "facts." What it sounds like you really want is an empathy class. To teach people to consider others' positions and backgrounds alongside their argument, but that's not the same as philosophy
Bitch, i aint gettin paid to ask unanswerable questions. EVER.
certainly aint gettin my dick sucked for asking stupid questions either. 
Get a real job losers.
I wish they would replace one of the "English" classes with this
I wish I had philosophy in high school even elementary school.  Critical thinking is such an important aspect of life and being able to emphasize your views will serve one well in life.  Always ask why?  Not yes sir.  Only Math is a universal truth.  Everything else is up for discussion and laws exist to be changed not enforced.  Democrats keep looking for ways to steal peoples money and Republicans look for ways to transfer governmental funds into private industry at a loss to us.  The whole educational system is set up to indoctrinate the youth to the ideals of the older generation.  Life is the Matrix.  Either be a sheep and robot or fight for change.
You gotta look at society now

Common core math is ruining philosophy by basically stating 2+2 does not equal 4 

1 and 1 and another 1 and 1 make 4, it's a bit ridiculous that they're making kids take extra steps to solve simple problems

Then there's the whole anti bullying campaign, as if THAT will end all of bullying, hate to say it adulthood is dog eat dog

Basically our society now is more worried about our kids self esteem more than if they succeed or fail, they want to teach kids they will never fail which is 100 percent incorrect, everyone fails at some point and time, it's how you recover that makes them succeed or fail permanently 

Society is soft, logic is cold and honest, not sure if the kids or for what it's worth half the adults could handle the capacity for philosophy, I just got finished my intro to it and I loved it, I do agree it needs to be taught for people to make good logical decisions in life instead of that's how I felt like doing it.... 
Who needs philosophy when we have art and gender studies.
No, philosophy should not be in k-12 education. It's too complex and there is no time. I know, I know...you are a college student and you think you know it all. Trust me, you don't. I took philosophy in college and I thought it was one of the biggest wastes of time I've ever had to endure. We don't need to have kids asking if we are really here or if their desk exists. That's not a valuable life skill that creates wealth. 
Yep, "philosophy".

Just imagine the politics here.  We can't even agree on what "science" means when it comes to public education.

I agree with you that the term is somewhat "convoluted".  It isn't really, but it can easily be spun out of control in the public sphere.
My english teacher tried to teach us philosophy in his spare time.

He also said the logical outcome of the ideologies of nietzsche and darwin literal = Hitler.

There are some amazing teachers in this country.  There are a ton of terrible ones as well that would completely butcher such a subject.
But the how would they brainwash us? We can't think for ourselves
I agree, and kudos for the wll written mission statement at your grade level.
A: Personally come from a family of radical fanatic religious folk. Their afterlife "beliefs", well, FAR from realistic when numbers and population growth, and many other perimeters are taken into account. Yet, I personally have some abilities that count as a psuedo-science that some folk cant explain so their used their religious interpretations as a security blanket of comprehension and understanding -- history of religion through time and the oppurtunists that exploited the folk through them for easy financial gains, well, I think I can leave that statement as is. Humans, some humans make other animals look like saints depending on their greed levels and wants. Herd Mentallity is another MAJOR issue in America- for instance, how many girls want a Princess or Little Mermaid Backpack, Certain pair of namebrand clothes, ect. Even Politics are so separated because its "EASIER" to just go with a party than do your own research --- and THAT is saying the person has the education/knowledge to do the research in the first place using the right tools. So, Philosophy Teacher in the schools, that is a brilliant idea.. one problem though.. as always, Funding. Again, back to issue Numeral Uno in the good ole USA, Value. Another Philosophical disscussion that has been going on for ages, hence the whole Solialism and Communism Standpoints, which America has them includes in their Democracy, yet the tend to cringe when discussed because of all the Herd Directing Politicians, that frankly dont get the concepts that this country has included them both.. have too.. or it WOULD basically be Anarchy withou a support system for folk that fall in the cracks. But YES, kids should be talked to about many issues in a "thought provoking and association" type process, especially, if their not recieving those questions and education at home. I know from experience, and "had to start looking outside the box" myself. Got my whippings for it too. Fanatics, and their security blankets. Its easier to die, if you have a concept of an afterlife that works for or against. I have no answers about an afterlife, wont know, till ya get there. And, I dont like lying about something, I dont know.. though I have cursed a few folk that exploid me.. ha :-) Even the Great Philosophers talked about certain healing powers.. And sorry to take it their discussing beliefs, traditions, rituals.. it is all Good Conversation, as long as you have an Open Mind. I'm SURE Kindergartners, could start thinking like philosophers.. Dr. Suess, many many symbolic associations.. a few folk just read cause of the illustrations and non-sense wording. 
Eeeeeverybody thinks their pet subject should be a core class. If we can just make people literate and numerate, they can study anything they want independently. Instead, we force more and more into the curriculum and give them a watered-down comic book version of the real thing that will repel more potential adherents than it will win over.
If they would do it right, sure. I don't have much confidence in that, though. 

Philosophy wouldn't jive with our current academic focus in the states. 
Op is a young padawan with much to learn.

Logic is only one tool in the philosophers tool box. Philosophical inquiry extends far beyond the raw application of logic. Take into consideration a revision of his hypothetical conversation:

>"I think all of the illegal immigrants need to get out of this country"

>"Why? What negative impact do they have?"

Might as well ask "which country?" "Why should these people get out?" "Why are they called illegal?"

>"Well they take our jobs"

>"But all the evidence and research says they don't"

Might as well ask "how do you know that?" "Why is that a problem and why does that bother you?" Or "Why is this a bad thing?"

>"But what makes them entitled to US citizenship?"

Might as well ask here (and this is probably the most important question) "why do you (or US citizens) feel entitled to certain jobs?" "Why are you entitled or what makes you entitled to US citizenship?" "Why are you and US citizens entitled to a country?"

Philosophy is most powerful when an argument is reduced to it's foundational principles, and then those principles are universalized and tested for their validity.
Philosophy should be taught THE SECOND YOU ARE CONCEIVED AND ARE SHOT INSIDE YOUR MOTHER'S WOMB.
This wouldn't work, unfortunately. You could argue that it should be a 9-12 series of classes, but even then it would be too intense for most students and doesn't prepare them for the basics of survival in the modern world that we barely manage to stuff into their brains already. Writing coherently, enough reading comprehension to understand documents, doing math for checking and taking out loans, etc. That's the ultimate goal of pre-college education. Preparing them for college has always been a luxury of high school, and these days it's not even that. We just need kids to graduate who can even survive =P

But more to the point, philosophy requires abstract reasoning, which kids don't develop the capacity for until late middle- or early high-school. They don't develop concrete reasoning until around 1st grade, and even trying to teach philosophy using concrete examples would be seriously compromising its very purpose and core concepts. You can put two apples in front of a 3rd grader and say 1+1=2. You can explain to them the difference between "You eat the apple," and, "The apple eats you." You can't describe free will to them. You can't even really start grammar or algebra until they're nearing abstract reasoning. Philosphy? They would literally not be able to comprehend it. 

It's much better to push for colleges having free community classes than to try to integrate it into primary and secondary education for kids. And with the way college tuitions are changing to allow one or two free years of college education, people are already going to have more access to philosophy courses. The best class I've ever taken is a Western Humanities class that blended literature, philosophy, and the history of science to show how the three have shaped each other over the history of the world. Trying to push for that to be a more common general education requirement for college students is going to be the best way to get more people to learn about philosophy.
You got a fair point mate, do not feel affected by all the skeptical bullshit around. It takes certain amount of logic to be able to recognize it. Anyways, you have just descrived formal logic rather than philosophy
The only issue is, core classes in and of themselves are already flawed in the respect that some people don't have the mental capacity for certain tasks. While people like us would excel at philosophy, at the very least a few would not. While I wouldn't mind it available as an elective, I don't think it would be fair to everyone to make it required.
K-12???

9-12 maybe but definitely not kindergarten!

Can you imagine 5 year olds debating the meaning of Nietzsche? 
Thank got I know how to calculate the parabola of my piss stream and not how to form a proper/valid argument 
K - mmm baby carrots!
12- I have been lied to my whole life, these are regular carrots cut into small pieces.
I hope u don't have children
[deleted]
But... that might make little Timmy question the existance of god...

We can't have that in public school...
K-12 eh? I'm down for that and would look forward to great early education classes such as "Aesthetics and Finger Painting," "Boys and Girls Getting Along: A Study in Feminist Theory," and "I Gotta Go Pee: How Do We Know What We Know?"
Critical thinking is stressed as the core for the Gifted and Talented type programs for elementary/middle schoolers, and AP courses are also supposed to be based off of this as a core. 

The problem is that those kids who don't get those courses often don't ATTEMPT to think critically
Oh, good god, no.

We're already seeing philosophy turn into "the study of applied logic" in higher ed. Please don't rob future children of being able to discover philosophy on their own. If you force it on everyone, no one will do it right. If you force it on no one, a few will.
"You can lead a horse to water but you can't make it drink"

Unfortunately people only learn if they want to. Math is mandatory in high school yet so many people leave high school not knowing how to solve anything past basic 1-2 variable equations, let alone anything like integration or trigonometry or anything that would make them have any understanding or value in a mathematical conversation. 

Philosophy isn't much different, except with philosophy you will be forced to memorize a bunch of names and dates and it will overall make for an obnoxious class. 

People don't respect other peoples ideas not because they aren't educated in that regard. It's because their need for self validation and often group validation blinds them. Nobody wants to be wrong so they assume people who disagree with them are a threat or an evil.

Knowing your own mental limits and processes and being open-minded is the highest level of intelligence. You can't teach that, they have to learn it.

"I'm trying to free your mind, Neo. But I can only show you the door. You're the one that has to walk through it." -Morpheus from the Matrix explaining in a nutshell why our world is the way it is. 




There is little evidence that people use what is taught to them unless it's actively used every day.  As lovely as it is to have philosophy taught, there's no way it applies to my job (it's very analytical).  I'd lose it.  I daresay most people have jobs that philosophy has little bearing on.  Teaching them philosophy would just make them bored in yet another class with little result.  

Plus, you know how a freshman thinks they know everything, but they only know enough to be dangerous?  Imagine if everyone thought that with philosophy.  
Given the nature of the subject I do not think it would be very productive to introduce philosophy to a captive audience that probably doesn't even want to be there in the first place.  Those that are interested won't be permitted to put enough time into the subject as intended by how the student's time is structured as well.
This is just a way of indoctrinating children with your own political and social views.

You apparently think the Philosophy is the part you like, but it
runs the gamut from communists to fascists, from atheists to spiritualists, from radical do-gooders to sociopaths, ivory-tower nerds to psychopaths.

What distinguishes Philosophy from Science is that one is based on experiment, observations, and facts, and the other is primarily unsupported speculation. Which is better to encourage logical thinking?

And, Who is going to choose the philosophy curriculum? Obviously you think that You will.
a baseball and a bat cost $1.10. the bat cost  $1 more.  how much does baseball cost? I'm sure most have heard of this quiz and many have failed it. everyone is equipped with the skills (basic math and algebra) to solve it but many failed.  what makes you think teaching logic in school would be any different?  

school equip students with tools  (knowledge ) but will students use it is another problem. 
So should critical thinking.

These are absent from public school because public school is meant to keep the populace just smart enough to pull the lever but not smart enough to do much else.

Public school is a tool to keep the people in line.
Nah. It doesn't give anything useful for the real life. Leave where's at.
(Into to logic) != (Into to philosophy). Logic yes, philosophy no. Now can we talk about something else that actually matters like programming?
[removed]
science is far more important than thinking about a bunch of random scenarios and unanswerable questions  
Something already teaches you all of this, or at least the principal behind the logical concepts you mention.

It is called mathematics.
Right. Because we definitely want the state teaching impressionable children their philosophy. No Totalitarian State Here.
Saying philosophy should be a mandatory course on /r/philosophy, you are so brave. Such courage. Wow.
We already have people arguing that algebra should be banned, I feel like the same would happen with an abstract, difficult class.
No it shouldn't.

I love philosophy, I think it's vitally important, and I think that kids should have a solid understanding of it entering adulthood.

Having said that, if you want this to work, it hinges on the idea of it being taught well - which it will likely not be. You're going to face lazy teachers, all memorization, kids are going to be inundated with the history of philosophy rather than actual philosophy. It's going to be bad news all around unless a curriculum can be properly structured and that curriculum adhered to.

I didn't take any philosophy in high school, but took intro philosophy in college and it was horrible. I was very disappointed. Too much emphasis on jumping from one big name philosopher to the next instead of actually exploring and understanding different ideas and schools of thought. I learned much more logic through my higher level math and computer science classes, but to be fair that is probably all a stricter definition of logic than philosophy is.
Philosophy is kinda pointless.  It came about from people sitting around with too much time on their hands thinking about life and the universe and everything in it.  If they wanted to be really productive they could have studied it better.  But technology and science being what they were it wasn't gonna happen.  That said its better now because we can physically study and understand our world with science.

Want to figure out what to do with it?  Go into business.  Want to figure out if that is right or wrong?  Go into law.  Want to make laws about it?  Go into politics.  

I mean philosophy came about because science and math weren't around yet.  Now that they are you really need to focus on STEM.  Don't make others waste their time with pointless classes like arts and philosophy unless they want them.  (In which case it isn't a waste)  You need them to focus on STEM and business and medicine and law.  Stuff that really matters in the society we have! 
But that would undermine the mission of the public school system.  Its job is to make cogs, not thinkers.
No, you'll just learn state sanctioned philosophy.

It might legitimately be dangerous imo.
No it shouldnt
Most K-12 have the reasoning skills to understand but most developmentally just arnt there in terms of understanding. I think it'd be a waste. 

In terms of broadening horizons I think a cultures class could help
[removed]
Yea sure I agree.  And think every high schooler oughta read Atlas Shrugged.  Probably in 11th grade when they are 16 to 17.  Both because it will give them purpose behind philosophical ideas, but also as a form of immunization/leg up on philosophy instruction they may receive later.
>"I think all of the illegal immigrants need to get out of this country"

>"Why? What negative impact do they have?"

>"Well they take our jobs"

If they broke the law to get here, they have no problem breaking the law when they get here.

This ain't rocket science.

Take your political views to /r/politics please. 

Screw philosophy. Computer science teaches you logic, abstract thought and problem solving.

edit: I can't believe I have to put this edit here but people are so god damn stupid they see the "Screw philosophy" phrase I used **while being hyperbolic** and decide to fill in the blanks of my argument without actually delving deeper to what I've actually said.

I'm not claiming Computer science == Philosophy. I'm claiming that Computer Science AND Philosophy != Empty Set. There is overlap. OP argues Philosophy contains logic and that's important to learn, well logic is within the set of Computer Science AND Philosophy. I'm arguing that what's in Computer Science AND ¬Philosophy would be more useful in today's society than what is in  ¬Computer Science AND Philosophy. 
This is an incredibly poor argument that seems like a variation of the is/ought problem that I see in a lot of pessimistic philosophy. They take a set of facts about the universe and come to the conclusion that life is miserable. We can't do more than evolution allows us. It's horrible! It's tragic! But going from our constraints to the tragedy is a matter of perspective and doesn't follow from any logic or rationality. Likewise the premise is sort of obvious - I doubt many people would claim that species senses were not bounded by evolution and physics. But we can turn this whole thing on its head. For example, the only reason we see color is because our monkey ancestors had to determine if bananas were ripe. Isn't that neat! Isn't that awesome! Again, the conclusion doesn't follow from the premise, but if we have the choice (itself its own debate) to choose between sadness and happiness, wouldn't we choose the happier use of our attention? In conclusion, the Buddha shakes his head at the authors shenanigans.
> Hoffman's favoured analogy is the desktop interface.

> "When you click a square, blue icon to open a document, the file itself is not a blue, square thing," he says. 

You know, I think we were doing pretty okay when all we had were puppets and shadows in caves.
Our brains only have so much memory. Our brains have only so much processing power/processing speed. Our senses only extend so far into their respective domains (frequency of sounds we can hear, sensitivity of skin, etc.) Theoretically, more memory, more processing power, more sensation would be better, but would also require humans eat more food on average. Humans ever starve, not all humans eat enough as it is. 

Therefore, yes, our brain's abilities are constrained by what our ancestors could consume. Hooray Genetics! Theoretically, over many generations, our brain's capacity ought to improve as average human nutrition continues to improve, though selective pressure for intelligence is not as strong as it may have been historically. 

Therefore, there are many things our brains are theoretically capable of, but we are restricted by what our ancestors could sustain (the economy of ATP). Thus the idea that everything that developed is necessary is not strictly true, but it is true that our capacity is limited by what is sustainable. 
Is this the same doctor who talked about a relatively similar idea in The Atlantic a few months back?
Consciousness created evolution and through evolution physical life has evolved numerous senses, one of which is sight through which consciousness can now see the universe in 3D and through mathemathical computational trial and error helps guide humanity to evolve further and manipulate the universal environment. Consciousness is the enabler.
This is more of a skepticism than a defense of his claim.
> "Evolution isn't about truth, it's about making kids. Every bit of information that you process costs calories, meaning that's more food you need to kill and eat. So an organism that sees all of reality would never be more fit than one tuned only to see what it needs to survive."

And this explains things like believing in God.
When we conclude that not everything involved in a human is for the purpose of reproduction/evolution/survival, this argument seems to fall. 
All this time spent developing a good materialist philosophy of neuroscience and they slip right back into the conceptual structure of Cartesian dualism at every chance. 
I have read more zen books than Kant books, so my view on ethics is that it cannot be intellectual, it needs to be practical.  Not that Kant was an impractical philosopher, I'm not sure if that's really possible.  But when people think of Kant and such, they tend to think intellectually.

My contribution to you is that if all of this writing, reading, and thinking about ethics has lead to just one attempt at practical morality, you have not wasted your time.  Remember what morality really means.
Only confused people have ever thought the CI was about judging actions. It's obviously about judging maxims, or as you call them, motives. Kant explicitly said that and everyone since then who has even a basic understanding of Kant has taken it like that. So when you ask if "there are any prominent philosophers who have had similar interpretations of Kantianism" the answer is yes, literally every single one of them.
Nice site! I'd include social share buttons so that it is easy to share with others. Good work! 
This is actually really helpful!  
I recall thoroughly enjoying this thought provoking read maybe 25 years ago.  Found it in my mother's book shelf.  Definitely worth a read.
Fanon deserves more attention from Americans. As a strict pacifist,  hid writings were a revelation into the mindset of oppression and revolution. I have VERY little room to critique such a revolutionary without engaging in salutary supremacy.
[removed]
possibly impossible question, but which would i (layman, interested in politics and philosophy, but no serious study; white, male, middle class, but also expat living in s america, so some experience of living in different cultures) enjoy reading most: this or the fanon reader?  thanks.
[removed]
[deleted]
**Summary:**
In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Geoff Pynn](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/geoff-pynn) (Northern Illinois) follows up on his introduction to critical thinking by exploring how deductive arguments give us reason to believe their conclusions.  Good deductive arguments guarantee their conclusions, and so must be valid (i.e., it must be impossible for the premises to be true while the conclusion is false) and have true premises.  Philosophers call arguments like these "sound".  You can see whether an argument is sound by trying to think of a counterexample to it, but to see whether its premises are true, you need to do some research.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi
Sorry for being of topic but could please someone tell me what software was used to create this video? I would love to know how the creator made the hand look like it was writing the words and drawing the pictures. 
Are deductive arguments and syllogisms basically the same thing?
The trick is, many arguments are made that are meant to sound deductive, and therefor seem irrefutable. They can be pretty deceptive, because spotting an argument that follows a deductive-sounding format, but isn't deductive usually takes time and close examination, which we don't always have in the heat of the moment.
I'm not sure whether this is the right place to ask, but does anyone know a good online course in Logic? 
>Most Philosophers understand logic

>Most Logicians understand deductive reasoning

>Therefore most Philosophers understand deductive reasoning

Am I doing this right?
Lol. I thought this about Logic the rapper who was going to explain to me what deductive thoughts are about.

But this was informative 
Sweet. Thanks for the info guys
This was a great refresher! As a former student of philosophy and a lover of logic, this was great. Thanks!
While people who are in this sub have probably heard about it before I still think it's a really good intro video. It's perfect for schools and children. I wish more people made these super simple videos.
In my math studies, deduction is when you apply universal generalities to a problem to come up with a specific local answer. A detective will deduce where someone or something is by applying universal rules of criminal behavior. Clarice Starling and the F.B.I. deduced the location of Buffalo Bill with the help of the general principles provided by Hannibal Lecter.

Induction, is how you come up with laws. You take numerous examples and patterns and come up with a universal generality. Newton induced the law of gravity from the voluminous data of Kepler, Brahe, and Copernicus.
At first I was thinking "Why is one of my favorite rappers explaining deductive reasoning?"
Good books on introduction to Logic? And more advanced ones?

Thank you.
Despite the clear cut definition of deduction and induction, people in this thread are still disagreeing on what constitutes induction and deduction
I haven't watched the video, so I may be restating its contents, but I think I can contribute here.

A good way to understand what deduction is to compare its difference to induction. Varying ideas exist about what constitutes the difference between induction and deduction.

One standard idea is that, in deduction, it's impossible for the conclusion to be false given that the premises are true, whereas in induction it is improbable for the conclusion to be false, given that that the premises are true.

Deduction:
All cats are mammals

All mammals are animals

Therefore all mammals are animals.


Induction:
Every cat I have ever observed is an asshole

I have observed a great number of cats

Therefore, every cat is an asshole

Note: In induction, 'sample size' is a concept which, depending on its strength, lends a relative amount of credibilty to the argument it puports to support.

Another interpretation holds that the difference between induction and deduction is that:
In deduction, conclusions are drawn about a particular thing by its inclusion as a member of a 'class'of things. Whereas in induction conclusions are drawn about the class by observing features that observed members of the class have, then concluding that all members of the class (including unobserved ones) must hold the same features.


In that sense, deduction and induction reason in 'opposite directions'.


**ABSTRACT**:

> This article discusses the relation between the early Wittgenstein’s and Carnap’s philosophies of logic, arguing that Carnap’s position in The Logical Syntax of Language is in certain respects much closer to the Tractatus than has been recognized. In Carnapian terms, the Tractatus’ goal is to introduce, by means of quasi-syntactical sentences, syntactical principles and concepts to be used in philosophical clarification in the formal mode. A distinction between the material and formal mode is therefore already part of the Tractatus’ view, and its method for introducing syntactical concepts and principles should be entirely acceptable for Carnap by his own criteria. Moreover, despite the Tractatus’ rejection of syntactical statements, there is an important correspondence between Wittgenstein’s saying-showing distinction and Carnap’s object-language-syntax-language distinction: both constitute a distinction between logico-syntactical determinations concerning language and language as determined or described by those determinations. Wittgenstein’s distinction therefore constitutes a precursor of the object-language syntax-language distinction which the latter in a certain sense affirms, rather than simply contradicting it. The saying-showing distinction agrees with Carnap’s position also in marking logic as something that isn’t true/false about either language or reality, which is a conception that underlies Carnap’s principle of tolerance.

**AUTHOR**:

[Oskari Kuusela](https://www.uea.ac.uk/philosophy/people/profile/o-kuusela), Senior Lecturer in Philosophy, University of East Angila
Literally everone ITT is getting obsessed with the logistics of this as if it were an actual experiment.    This is exactly why engineers make terrible philosophers.    

The point of Einstein's "clock on a train" is to understand light, *not to make a train go lightspeed*.   The point of Chalmers' p-zombies is to illustrate that no physical observations could prove subjective experience, not to *actually construct a perfect zombie devoid of consciousness.*    And the point of Avicenna's thought experiment is to point out that no matter what we always experience a tacit background, fundamental is-ness.   We can't ever not experience it.   We don't notice it because we haven't been taught to do so.    If you never listened to the tonic drone in indian music, you might never notice it is there.    But once you take all the instruments away, you realize the tonic note has been playing this whole time.      Avicenna is pointing out that the experience of this baseline is-ness is below thoughts, perceptions, and sensations.
I'd just like to add, this article says he was an Islamic philosopher, and gives an Arabic translation to his name. But he was a Persian philosopher and the father of medicine. 

>His most famous works are The Book of Healing – a philosophical and scientific encyclopedia, and The Canon of Medicine – a medical encyclopedia[8][9][10] which became a standard medical text at many medieval universities[11] and remained in use as late as 1650.[12] In 1973, Avicenna's Canon Of Medicine was reprinted in New York.[13]

Just trying to give credit where it's due. 
> Now for the third, and hardest, question: what does the flying man thought experiment prove? 

Absolutely nothing, because there's no argument made as to why the flying man would be self-aware. "Rather, he takes it as obvious."

So, try to imagine something impossible happening, that nobody in the world has ever even come close to experiencing. Use your intuition to come to a conclusion that's so obvious you don't even have to argue for it. From that, draw conclusions about stuff that the people with *actual* evidence either disagree with or have said we don't have sufficient evidence yet. Great job, that.
The way this example is presented of a man materialized in air is riddled with problems if taken literally. 

Obviously if you are in air then you are on a planet, this planet has gravity, etc. so stimuli are a plenty i.e. the sensation of falling, the sound of air, the pressure of air on the body, etc. 

But the thought experiment at its base seems to be getting at the question of, "does the human brain without external stimuli function to the point of developing a conscience."

Even with morals and ethics thrown out the window I do not see how the experiment could be done. 
I think that practically speaking, this may be possible for someone in solitary confinement. The evidence points towards a kind of madness setting in...
From the article: "Our self-awareness is a foundation for our first-person perspective on things. It’s a sign of this that when I see, imagine or think something, I can immediately apprehend that I am seeing, imagining or thinking about that thing. Any other form of cognition – any awareness of other things – presupposes awareness of oneself."

To an extent, I agree with this statement, but it also undermines the author's conclusion. Consider an infant. After being born, we have to learn to see, learn to walk, learn to form memories, learn to recognize ourselves in the mirror, etc. None of these things are pre-programmed, though we certainly take them for granted now. If the flying man is born with the same mind we are all born with, that man will not respond to stimuli in the way we would, would not form memories the way we do, would not walk, talk, or self-reflect. Therefore, we cannot use any of these to determine if the flying man is aware of themselves, since they are assuredly not aware of anything going on around them. Even if their eyes were open, and arms touching their bodies, the flying man would have no idea how to process those experiences. 

In short, the argument of the flying man is that basic sensation and introspection assume a sense of self, therefore we all have a sense of self. The issue is that newborns don't have sensation or introspection in the way that adults do, therefore this argument cannot prove that infants have a sense of self. In fact, the distinction between self and other is a milestone in an infant's development. 
So this professor is suggesting that Avicenna is a dualist idealist? You’d have to read the original arabic to know better, but from what’s said here I don’t think that’s a necessary conclusion for this professor to concede for us.  Yet despite Avicenna’s polemics, monist materialism is not refuted here. The dummy-limb experiment that’s so popular in this particular region of Germany nowadays show’s that the physical senses do not need a physical body to tell the mind that its aware of its self as a person.  It tells us the belief of physical personhood is manifested from the physical sense apparatus itself, not the physical body.  Read the concluding sentence very literally and you can see how the professor leaves himself a caveat.  Those who think general thought experiments are bullocks for the consciousness debate are not yet willing to admit to themselves that their own conscious personae is manifest through thought (re: Descartes vs Blackburn).
I have a question about the ontology of neuroscience.    Why would a simultaneous perception-of-a-decision and the corresponding neuronal firing mean that we have free will or not?    Wouldn't it just mean we have an instantaneous processor?     I don't see how that would affect the determinism of the situation.     

Also how do we know the "will" even operates in such short time frames?    If I react, say to save a friend falling off a bridge, I did not assess whether to risk my life *in that moment*, I decided a little bit every day of our friendship that I was would be willing to risk my life on their behalf.    On an EEG my brain would appear to react "deterministically", but I had already "decided" long ago.
[deleted]
what about people with severe aphantasia?

some people who have it severely enough have extremely poor autobiographical memory. they literally cannot visualize a beach or a sunset, or any other go-to scenes, even from recent memory. they have no mind's eye.

rather than a dualism, the condition describes a continuum of conscious experiences ordered by depth of vivid informational recall and construction.

congenital aphantasia:
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/26115582/
This is some super murky, amateur level philosophy. It's very unclear exactly what position he's arguing for, aside from something mysteriously called "Poetic Naturalism", which according to Google is some kind of philosophical vanity project that this guy, a cosmologist apparently, came up with, no doubt on his own. It feels like a half-baked pastiche of a lot of clearer, better articulated ideas from actual philosophers of mind.

> According to poetic naturalism, philosophical zombies are simply inconceivable, because “consciousness” is a particular way of talking about the behavior of certain physical systems. 

Okay so it's behaviorism then? Or ?

> The phrase “experiencing the redness of red” is part of a higher‐level vocabulary we use to talk about the emergent behavior of the underlying physical system, not something separate from the physical system. That doesn’t mean it’s not real; my experience of redness is perfectly real, as is yours. It’s real in exactly the same way as fluids and chairs and universities and legal codes are real—in the sense that they play an essential role in a successful description of a certain part of the natural world

This implies that an experience obtains if and only if it is a "successful description" of something, which, on its own is a hugely counter-intuitive claim, one for which he provides no argument. However, ignoring this, the larger issue is that even if it were true (which it isn't) it still does nothing to bridge the explanatory gap proposed by Chalmers. He doesn't even address the first-person interiority of experience, and does nothing to make the mind body problem any less intractable.
>Can [zombies] possibly exist? If they can, it’s a knockout argument against the idea that consciousness can be explained in completely physical terms. If you can have two identical collections of atoms, both of which take the form of a human being, but one has consciousness and the other does not, then consciousness cannot be purely physical.

I think the point of a zombie is that they're *not* a collection of atoms identical to the original lifeform. If they were, you'd still have the same living, breathing lifeform. If a zombie did exist, it must be by definition different from its actually dead counterpart, which in turn must be different from the living, breathing person it once was.
This is great:

> Imagine a zombie stubbed its toe. It would cry out in pain, because that’s what a human would do, and zombies behave just like humans. When you stub your toe, certain electrochemical signals bounce around your connectome, and the exact same signals bounce around the zombie connectome. If you asked it why it cried out, it could say, “Because I stubbed my toe and it hurts.” When a human says something like that, we presume it’s telling the truth. But the zombie must be lying, because zombies have no mental states such as “experiencing pain.” Why do zombies lie all the time?

> For that matter, are you sure you’re not a zombie? You think you’re not, because you have access to your own mental experiences. You can write about them in your journal or sing songs about them in a coffee shop. But a zombie version of you would do those things as well. Your zombie doppelgänger would swear in all sincerity that it had inner experiences, just as you would. You don’t think you’re a zombie, but that’s just what a zombie would say.
[deleted]
As usual on this sub, any comment that doesn't directly respond to the OP will be deleted without comment. This isn't a catch-all thread on issues relating to truth, and catch-all threads are deeply unproductive.
I hate it when they use 2 + 2 = 4 as an example. People get hung up on whether that's simply true by definition, and whether it holds in base 3, and all kinds of other baggage that is orthogonal to the question.

I think a better example would be something non-obvious about the natural numbers, like that some of them are prime. A great thing about prime numbers is that they are very easy to represent in the real world mind-independently. If you have k objects, k is prime if you can't arrange those objects into the shape of a rectangle. For instance, with k = 12 we can go like

    ++++
    ++++
    ++++

but if k is 13, we can only go

    +++++++++++++

From this perspective, the primeness of 13 seems pretty mind-independent. It doesn't matter whether humans are nearby, 13 rocks can't be arranged into rows of equal length.

Primeness seems to be a property of the number 13 itself. It does not follow from the definition of 13 in any obvious way (13 would usually be defined as the successor of the successor of the successor of the successor of the successor of the successor of the successor of the successor of the successor of the successor of the successor of the successor of the successor of 0). We certainly didn't decide that you couldn't split `+++++++++++++` into equal groups. But if 13 has its own mind-independent properties, doesn't that suggest that it exists in some objective sense?
Full disclosure, I worked on this podcast! We're new to podcasting, and only went live earlier today: it's great to see so much interest and discussion, we couldn't be happier to be on the front page. Just wanted to let you all know that the podcast has just this minute gone live on iTunes, and you can subscribe here if you're interested: https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/philosophy-for-our-times/id1151965239 
Thanks Reddit!
[removed]
[removed]
I'm gonna respond to this because I don't think most people commenting so far understand what's meant by "post-postmodernism" vs "objective truth" - though it may fall on deaf ears so low in the comment thread.  This is just as I understand it.

So to begin, "Modernism" in this context isn't just a reference to the pre-1950s cultural stance (or the "Victorians") but a philosophical belief that there were correct answers to everything; that the world had a knowable structure - made evident by science - which extended from the practical (math, physics, engineering) into the social (art, society, social class, philosophy).  This was the belief that there were objectively-beautiful, objectively-correct things (a fine landscape painting, a perfect mathematical equation) which are aspired towards (but not necessarily reached - we don't know everything about the universe *yet*) and recognizable by anyone who isn't deviated from the Correct Way.  It's been called "positivism", it's been called religion, it's been called rationalism, but it's basically: belief that one way of looking at the world is the Right Way that finds the Truth and anyone who doesn't see it has simply deviated somehow - and if they correct themselves they will see it too.  (The philosopher should beware of Science!-ism that pushes such a view).  It is characterized by honour, dignity, respect, rationality, precision etc.

"Postmodernism" is a rebuttal to Modernism, often characterized by artistic movements in mediums that break the conventional Modernist aesthetic and do "weird" things (this happens in almost every medium at some point). Philosophically, it's the belief that there is no Objective Truth - that each person experiences the world in his/her own way that's equally as True as the next.  It sees "science" as merely one interpretation of the world amongst many - which is useful when in sterile environments applicable to the experiment conditions, but often falls apart when applied to one's own experience in every aspect.  It rejects science as a source of absolute Truth and meaning, but it also rejects any other source - as it recognizes that at best Truth is relative and subjective, as people will never be able to experience the world in exactly the same way.  It's related to "nihilism" (at least the popular interpretation of it), the Christian Purgatory, and is often called "meaninglessness". Religion-wise, it's closest to atheism or agnosticism (or satanism etc, for a stronger rejection of oppressive rationality).  (A scientist who recognizes his work is interesting within the scope of his field but does not believe in its universal applicability to the real world - who sees it like writing one novel amongst many - may be a postmodernist).  It is characterized by irony, individuality, intentional weirdness, rejection of the norm, hipsterism etc.

"Post-Postmodernism" is the debateable followup to Postmodernism.  Often it is just mistaken for Postmodernism, because it still claims no Objective Truth and accepts that all Truth must be experienced subjectively through the lens of culture and there are many equally-valid Truths.  However, it rejects the "meaninglessness" aspect of postmodernism where just because everything is subjective there is no collective Truth to aspire to.  It sees Truth rather as a dynamic, living thing that can take many forms but isn't just equal everywhere - that each person can aspire to experience meaning, and this meaning can be shared with others even if they come from a totally different subjective reality.  It recognizes that the cultures of the world are diverse in detail but similar in their cores - that people may experience Truth completely differently, but they are looking at different reflections of the same light.  Applied to science, it's recognizing that many pieces (if not most) of our collective understanding are flawed and nobody can possibly understand it all; that any understanding is just one interpretation amongst many - and it isn't Truth in itself and never will be - but it still all points to the Truth (in useful, replicable ways).  It recognizes that only being able to point at the Truth is an inherent limitation of language - but it's there - and it can be found from a variety of different ways (a poet and a physicist may each have their own way of seeing it).  The meaninglessness of Postmodernism is brought back as a depressing hopelessness - but a necessary step to take away from modernism - while the authority of Modernism is brought back as just one (often sterile and limiting, but culturally conventional) path to the Truth.  (As for what Truth is, that's for each person to discover for himself).  Religion-wise, it's closest to paganism, God Pantheons, Tarot cards, and multiplicity of meaning - but with an emphasis on meaning existing.  Its characteristics are tougher to see as it's rarely the majority philosophy of any culture, but: authenticity, individual aspiration ("following your heart"), openness to adventure and new experiences, comfort with limited structure, etc may be recognizable attributes.

So as you can see, post-postmodernism is somewhat of the blend of the previous two and hard to distinguish.  There are theories that societies tend to cycle through each of these - and that the multiplicity of meaning to post-postmodernism may eventually be encompassed into some new philosophical structure and become the new Modernism.  Positivists who think the universe can be knowable and objective are often more than happy to try and accept that multiple subjective interpretations of the world fit into their model (and thus aim for that new modernism out of post-pomo) - but I think they'd be hard-pressed to explain the precise point where their model leaves the constraints of language and describes the world in itself in such scenarios.  But I digress - I just wanted to share these rough definitions/characterizations so anyone interested in this stuff has a nice jumping-off point.  I think these three represent the major stages of our culture (of any culture!  I have an interesting headcanon of how TwitchPlaysPokemon went through them) and make for useful concepts to play with. 
[removed]
2 + 2 = 4 is true in every possible universe. That's not a great example.
[removed]
[removed]
I'll admit to being a total layman on this.

But couldn't you just say that there's no point in even talking about anything if there's no objective truth or if we don't at least assume as a given that some truth is objective?
[removed]
[removed]
this hilary lawson guy is hilarious. it's dangerous to think that this THING that i THINK is my thumb is REALLY my thumb? my life would be better if, instead of thinking of it as a thumb, i thought of it as an infinite list of different things? that doesn't make any god damn sense.

and anyway, it's not even really escaping a belief in objective reality. it's just saying that objective reality is infinitely describable, and that only choosing one way to describe it is somehow wrong. but that's stupid. NOBODY thinks that, when they call their thumb a thumb, they're *exhaustively* describing the bedrock objective reality of that thing connected to their hand. "thumb" is just the most useful way to describe that thing most of the time. it does NOT limit our understanding of the thing that the thumb is. we KNOW that it's also made of molecules. we KNOW that there are a million other useful things to say about it. but most of the fucking time, the only thing we actually care about is that it's a thumb, so we call it that, and it works for everybody.

the more i think about it, the more bothered i am... it's hard for me to believe that hilary lawson is really even being intellectually honest with himself.

am i misunderstanding him? can someone defend his argument?
[removed]
Postmodernism is not only destructive and insincere, its basic assumptions are fallacious. It basically boils down to "No claim can be made of objective truth, except this one."


[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
In layman terms what are they debating?
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
It sounds like a bit of a straw-man argument: "When we talk about animal rights, we are talking primarily about one right: the right not to be property." Notice the use of the word "primarily" - it's clear to me (and probably to him), that that's NOT the right most people refer to when they speak of animal rights (because that would lead to his conclusions).

But who said they must be property? Or the same kind of property that other objects are? The clearest answer is that we should create another category to refer to 'supervision' over other entities of moral salience.

As for zoos and aquaria, I give my thoughts on this short murmur ([replying to Gary Francoine](http://themurmurproject.com/m/700)).

If some monkeys are keeping pets, should we stop them?
Let's consider the authors thesis at face value - the only way to respect animal rights is to extinct all non-human animals. 

Does this really make sense? Is this really what animal rights activists want? Can something that ceases to exist have rights? 

The author never brings up extinction in the article, but if humans are not protecting them in any way, and humans and animals are competing for resources and space, where are all the animals going to go? 

The author does bring up the moral responsibility to not keep bringing animals into existence though, which seems that the author is implying that extincting animals is morally superior to allowing them to suffer. 

Where am I misinterpreting this article? and if I'm not, why would the author think that extincting all non-human life on earth is preferable to the alternative? 
Some animals (looking at you domesticated dogs and cats) clearly enjoy the company of humans. 

Other than that it is about time we start moving away from forced ownership of other conscious beings. 
I think these authors know that an animal's right not to be property is not compelling for the vast majority of the audience.  So they just keep slipping utilitarian considerations in the back door in order to justify a deontological project. 


I may not be describing my concern very well - but does anyone else get the sense that this is a really sneaky paper?
There are a lot of flaws in the premises he builds his arguments on. The reasoning behind why people should not be enslaved and particularly here:

>There were many laws that purported to regulate race-based human slavery in the United States and Britain. These laws did not work because the only times regulatory laws are relevant is when there is a conflict between slave and slave owner. And, if the slave owner does not prevail substantially all of the time, then there is no longer an institution of slavery. There can be no meaningful challenge to the exercise of the owner’s property rights.

That's not why the laws didn't work - if it were, different types of slavery throughout human history would not have existed. 

If they were not pets, dogs would not exist. Sheep would not exist. Cows would exist only in India. That's the result of true animal rights. If other creatures compete with humans for habitat or resources, we kill them. If they have a purpose, we do not. 
I am completely against keeping a healthy wild animal in captivity. However keep in mind modern day pet type dogs have been domesticated through unnatural selection. The claim that it would be somehow more moral to send them to the wild is wrong. Unless you think a pug or a chihuahua have a better chance at survival and happiness in the woods. 
Argues for animal rights and against animals being property, yet still owns six dogs.

This kind of ideological and impractical position leads to the conclusion that we should better nuke the earth, because that's the only way to get rid of suffering and rights violations once and for all.
While I think the authors mean well, I find it a little disgusting how calmly they are suggesting the eradication of several species as a moral necessity. If aliens decide they want to take over our earth habitat and face the moral dilemma of keeping humans as pets or letting the current generations die out, what is humanities choice? I'm sure a good portion of people would choose to become pets. Even human slavery in ancient times when slaves were often acquired directly through conquest slaves had a life or slavery choice and many chose slavery; deciding that some form of existence was superior to not existing. If you advocate for animal rights so much, how about considering the animal's self interest? Are you really so pompous to impose your human morals over what the dogs might want? 
This is slippery logic that extends to humans, we are far from a utopia, and the hard truth is that none of us exist because we chose to, we are all sentenced to die, many who will starve and be tortured during that time, and the luckier ones live to watch their body fall apart. Yes we can make choices, but only within the societal ownership that we have self imposed in exchange for some lawful guarantees. Society still treats you like property, you can be sent to fight for the societies benefit, limited in your reproductive rights(one child policy) taken to a shelter(jail) and killed if that is what society demands. And yet here we are, happy to exist and not making claims that the best morality is if humans do not exist. 
This is precisely the type of hyper academic philosophy that has done so damage to the general public's appreciation of the importance of philosophy as a whole. 

The epitome of utter uselessness. 
This argument is rather weak, even assuming it's strongest form. If we are to take it from the perspective of only ethical *consideration*, we have some very problematic issues. Firstly, the article speaks of suffering as if it is a qualifier for ethical consideration, but we can imagine many examples in which suffering is not necessary for immorality; if I were to kill someone without them suffering physically or emotionally from it; if I were to cheat on my wife without her ever knowing it; if I were to euthanize my own child who had a mental defect that didn't allow for self-consciousness or self-awareness. These are not generally considered permissible actions, but more importantly, we aren't giving ethical consideration because something suffers, or in some cases, the possibility for the victim *to* suffer. We are giving consideration for the simple fact that they are human. 

To elaborate, a child may be born with severe mental defect that causes the child to never experience consciousness, self-awareness, or any level of cognitive function outside of the primitive behaviors of the brain-stem, we wouldn't say the child is undeserving of moral consideration because it doesn't seem to have mental faculties enough to experiencing suffering as we understand it, neither in the case of Terry Schiavo did society ever reject her as being unworthy of moral consideration by virtue of the fact she didn't seem cognisant enough to suffer - insofar as suffering is an extension of pain and requires higher level mental processes to be realized. Quite the opposite, the entire conversation was in regards to what course of action was within the realm of ethical behvior in making a decision about her life given the fact that she was no longer capable of doing it herself. To take the example of abortion, some believe that a fertilized egg has a right to life, some don't by an implication of argument, but the dialogue isn't about whether or not the embryo is to be given ethical consideration, it is a conversation about what is ethical when consideration overlaps in two moral agents - not unlike self-defence. If a person kills to protect their own life, it does not mean they are stripped of moral consideration or that the person who tried to take their life forfeited their moral consideration, either.

At this point, I want to make it clear that while suffering is not a qualifier for moral consideration, the quality of suffering is intimately tied to moral judgement when it has been established that an agent qualifies for said consideration. This suffering extends beyond physical suffering into mental as well. It's a firmly established principal that the infliction of mental suffering on another is a morally reprehensible action, and herein, I believe, is where the suffering of animals enters. We can imagine, or even safely assume, I think, that at some point or some time it happened that some group of people were elated at the death of an animal, that it meant survival for them, and the suffering of the animal was overlooked as either necessary or irrelevant. Civilization has come to a point though, in which the killing of animals is largely necessary for the survival of people and it would follow that their is no more use or need of making it a celebratory event. It has come to pass that now people feel a certain degree of guilt at the death of animals, that we feel some sort of small internal suffering at bearing witness to animals in their death throes and primitive cries that so closely mimic the cries of people in pain, and precisely because of it, we hide away their slaughter. But for some - an admirable some, I'd say - it is not enough to hide these things away and they choose to expose others and themselves to this horrible act, and consequently, are afflicted with internal and emotional turmoil at the things they see and the things they know to be happening. It is for this reason, I believe, that we consider our behavior towards animals, and possibly our own guilt in regards to our actions or what we are a party to. As has been said somewhere before, our treatment of animals is a reflection of and practice in our own humanity, that the killing and mistreatment of animals profoundly upsets some people and that we strive so earnestly and build societies on the principal that what is the best is what does not cause others to suffer when it exists that there is no need for us to do so. I will conclude from this argument though, that while the mistreatment and suffering of animals at that hands of humans can be said to encroach on immorality because of it being an unnecessary action that creates internal turmoil for some people, the keeping of animals as pets or companions, provided that they are cared for and well treated, is not an immoral act.

Lastly, it is not unreasonable to suggest that we should give animals moral consideration, but I simply don't think we can logically and reasonably reach that position from the premise of animals suffering. I think it's worth further examining why humans are afforded, what seems to be, blanket moral consideration based on nothing other than their "human-ness." 
A moral just world would have no life. For that is the root of all evil.
So an animal that is evolved to be around humans would be free if it were forced to live in the wild?
I'd argue that that would be quite unmoral; why would you knowingly leave these animals to suffer in the wilderness? Even if it's their natural habitat, and apart from the suffering, it seems that some animals legitimately enjoy being under human control. 
Animals lack moral agency. We have to take at least some action against them because we can't reach an agreement with them as we can with other people. 

As for pets, I think the way we treat them lines up well with how we treat humans who lack the mental capacity for moral agency (in many cases better because we let a lot of these people roam the streets homeless). We feed them and shelter them while making decisions for them. If their behavior is a problem, we do restrict their freedom.

As for eating, we do what we must. We wouldn't even be here with our mental capacity for moral agency if we hadn't adopted the practice of eating meat (especially cooked meat) which gave us the calories and nutrients necessary to sustain large brains without excessive time spent on digestion.
My dogs are  and have been always part of my family. While I agree that exotic animals shouldn't be kept as pets, I will never give up my dogs now or in the future.  I cannot imagine any part of my life without my k9 companions.
The authors have not done a good job of arguing for the importance of animal freedom qua animal freedom.  Instead they showcase harmful consequences that are contingent rather than essential to pet ownership.  They do this despite their disavowal of consequentialism.  I think they take this approach because it's quite clear to the audience that mere freedom/slavery isn't important to animals:


A mind needs to have some level of sophistication in order to have a problem with a lack of freedom qua lack of freedom.  A clam, for example, is perfectly insensitive to whether or not he is owned.


My impulse is to group dogs and clams together.  I think that good treatment of a dog or clam is summarizeable entire in terms of comfort.  I don't think you can insult the canine spirit in the way that you can insult the human spirit.  Slavery qua slavery only hurts creatures that are capable if being disrespected in certain ways.  


I think of deontological moral facts as being like radio waves.  They usually only affect things that have antennae.  The human mind is such an antennae, but dog minds aren't - or at least they are tuned to a narrower range of moral facts.  The concept of freedom is just outside of their frequency range.
Why is it that people like Singer and Francoine completely ignore how animals normally function? The animal world is one of total and absolute violence. Constantly killing and eating each other. Are human beings not animals? Why are we held to a different standard than all other animals? They often argue against separating the human race from the rest of nature, yet isnt that exactly what they are doing?
Do we arrest the animal carnivores when they impinge on the rights of other animals?
No carnivores or herbivores.

No parasites.

No pathogens

Sounds heavenly.
No carnivores. No ants. No nature. No existence. Blah blah blah.
I just wanna kill stuff and eat it. One per day.
So in a morally just world the cat that showed up in my yard one day and chose to live there would be wrong?
Says who? WHO decides what is morally just in this life? WHO is the authority that we may ALL acknowledge as our source of morality, otherwise, this statement is nothing more than one man's opinion.
So then clarify and say "TROPHY" hunting. When you say hunting, thats not very descriptive.
If I look at the origins of "morally just,"  

I found first it was a demand to be obedient to a God/s

Then it was defined as religious sin 

Then it was secularized into morality 

But all those ideas are from men imposing their will on other men, not nature imposing itself on men.  

So I first look at the origins of the idea and the purpose the idea is meant to serve and I remember, 

strong beliefs are taught, not a natural progression of intellectual growth and maturity. 

For that I return to the original drive for survival and perpetuation of the human portion of the one thing. 

That does not mean these ideas are always bad and limiting but I believe there should be a continuous examination  and adjusting along with our increased knowledge and awareness, just as we have done to arrive at this word, moral.  

The thing I would consider immoral is cruelty and abuse to our work and food animals.   

I was born on a sustainable kind of mixed farm where my parents had a few cash crops and raised and grew most of the food we consumed.  

I don't think it was immoral to eat that chicken we raised or to sell most of the livestock to someone else for food and the family  income.

If we had no companion animals, would there still be horses after all they are not needed for work so much and there aren't many in the wild nor many wild places for them. 

I would argue that there might be a moral imperative to continue to befriend and keep and protect as much of our animal as possible and acknowledge that we have adn continue to do so and that our zoos are now more for preservation than exhibition.  
But that exhibition is important to gain support for keep protecting and preserving them.

Here is one thing that when I learned of it, caused my entire reexamination of what is moral, 

In traditional Japanese beliefs, it is immoral to be disobedient to your superiors, be it parent, or religion or employer or government.  That was completely contrary to all I had been taught by my parents, and that was to always question authority, of men over men,  and challenge it when necessary to survive.

*some rearranging and addition.  

He treats his argument for animal rights as if it is objective, when no axiom exists to defend his claim. Animal rights are sentimental and based purely on emotion.
I expect better from Aeon.
So we need to destroy all domesticated animals to eliminate their species future need of guardianship.

Who wants to be the designated pet exterminator
This is too far fetched. Dogs and cats love humans. I do like the idea of no barns with cows, however. In my country there's *only* flat land with cows and farmers. I don't get it. If we all stopped consuming cow products (what's the fucking problem?) we could do so much amazing things with all the land that's left. 
A morally just world but also one that's on the brink of hunger*** 

FTFY 
A morally just world would have no humans in it.

But if we take this down a notch or two, I would agree that zoos are currently inherently bad for society. Zoos could be possible, and with today's technology, we could have zoos with large 100" HDTV displays, where the cameras are positioned in a real wildlife preserve, where only animals hunt and play, and activities of the animals would be broadcast to the zoo, at any time they wanted.

This would be much more exciting, as you wouldn't know what would happen from day to day, and I would imagine, zoo participation would increase. 

Entertainment for humans...but no insane caging of animals, either.

Gary L Francoine needs to realize there are solutions other than outright banning something, seemingly thinking this would suddenly tip the world back into Morality Equivalency Mode. 
Ok, so in that stupid world be prepared to say goodbye to a whole lot of species. As a parent of anything it is morally unjust to bring a certain life into this world and after its born to forsake it and ignore it. Thats what republicans do! 😂

So say goodbye to Cows, Chickens, and Hogs, to name just a few common animal groups but also say goodbye to Rhinos, Elephants, Whales, Dolphins, Tigers, Lions, Leopards, Jaguars, Orangutans and probably anything else that will be hunted to extinction in the wild.
Asuming animals care whether they are owned by someone or not .

Which they absolutely could not care less about 
He says that zoos and aquariums, the place where endangered animals are brought back from the brink, the place animals are cared for and the place children learn about animals, is unjust but does not say a word about hunting.
I am not saying hunting is good or bad but I think it is worse than a zoo. 
I don't care about cattle. Honestly, I don't care about pets either. But I think people should stop kidding themselves. Your pet is not your friend. Your pet is a slave.
Your assertion of faculty of distinguishment being required for rational decisions is the crux of your entire argument. It is IMO an observationally false assertion. All current states of knowledgeable from which decisions are made contain majority of not ultimately only of conditions which the deciding agent has no control over making any practical decision in the real world inherently irrational because the outcome of any action in the long term is inherently unpredictable.

This makes all such decisions inherently subjective and precludes objectivity or trut rational decisions from ever occurring.

The only way I see to invalidate that opinion is by an apriora assumption inconsistent with observational reality.
is it possible to boil down ur assertion to a few sentences? thanks.
Faculty of Distinguishment has a few problems. According to your definitions here, FoD is the ability to distinguish between possible and impossible outcomes. You also presume that all persons have the same ability to distinguish between possible and impossible outcomes. 

Counterexamples:
Accumulation of knowledge over the centuries. The Alchemists of the middle ages certainly thought transmuting lead into gold was possible. Currently, we know this to be impossible (unless you want radioactive gold). One of these groups of people must be incorrect. 

Access to limited knowledge:
Certain information is only known to a privileged few. During WW2, Truman and the allies had reason to believe the atomic bomb was possible to construct. Even after Hiroshima, the government of Japan was not willing to believe that a weapon that powerful could be constructed, hence the bombing of Nagasaki. 

Personal Experiences:
Before Carl Lewis, it was common knowledge that no man would break "the ten second barrier". 

Differences in access to information (historical accumulation, national secrets, personal information, education, etc.) lead to perfectly rational agents coming to differing conclusions about the possibility/impossibility of certain outcomes. 

Therefore, it can be logical for someone with improved access to knowledge to make decisions for persons with less knowledge. The most common examples include: parenting, teaching, tutoring, or mentoring. 

To be even more explicit, I am not a medical professional. If I develop a tumor, I will have no idea whether or not its malignant. If I go to a trusted medical professional, they will be able to tell me benign/malignant, treatable/untreatable. 
Was there a point to this article? The authors basically went around describing various moral theories as they applied to animals and then gave a one liner about how he didn't like them. The author literally gives no defense to why utilitarianism is incorrect in this instance other than a throw-away line about overfeeding a homeless person, which isn't even incorrect (see the entire effective altruism movement). The article presented no arguments, and didn't even end on a suggested moral theory, or a suggested take away message other than "we live in a world where things die". 
I quite liked this article in the end, though some of the arguments are a bit pointless. Really the argument of whether we should eat higher animals has been decided - it is bad for the animals, bad for the environment and also bad for our health. I suppose the question of eating insects is different. Since people continue to eat animals and animal products the question is - how do we get them to eat less?
It's an interesting, if circular, piece...and the best that we can reasonably expect when discussing any ethical problem *is* discussion, and not a definitive answer. Baggini touches on the central question of all ethics: if other living beings experience pain, as we know they do, why do we treat them differently than we would like to be treated ourselves? 2,600 years of philosophy have not provided a solution to this dilemma...not one that we're all happy with, at least. 
[deleted]
Thr YouTube channel has a lot of potential. And both of his videos are interesting. 
Nice story, but it seems to mainly misrepresent the veritasium video, in which he want to stop reading clickbait articles and being stuck to his phone, to let his mind wander or do things that matter more to him. The short cuts (3-5 seconds) are a telling sign.

See for yourself. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYYuiWP0IpA
Almost 99% of what I'd read or watch online I never discussed with a person in real life.  I went from consuming a ton to ignoring everything.  At the time, I was meeting a lot of new people so I was distracted by the novelty of it.  Most of the people were travelling, so everyone was in an adventure/exploration mode but a lot of it came down to drinking alcohol.  

In general, if you put more effort into engaging in the moment, being expressive, being funny, taking improv classes, taking Toastmasters classes, and being a source of fun; then life seems to open up more.

Distracting yourself with notions of reading tech news or global events to be informed, or of falling into a trap that you should watch TV/movies/video games is a dangerous thing.

I am back to meaningless distractions; podcasts etc, and convincing myself of their value.  But I try to replace them with meaningful distractions, like learning a foreign language or how to dance well.  Things that will allow me to engage in the interpersonal moments with others in a more profound and powerful way. 

It's certainly not easy but I keep reminding myself that bad distractions are the path to a diminished life.
3m55s - Whoa now, it was pretty apparent in Veritasium's video that he was fully aware of the contradiction of both valuing distraction and seeing the downsides.   If he really is unaware of his underlying ideology, then this distraction economy video was not a good example of it.

4m45s -   I don't see how finding a balance between good and bad distractions has anything to do with Zizek's point about danger-free indulgences.   

Conclusion - I'm confused.    I didn't get the impression that Veritasium is cutting out all news, world events, etc from his life.   He probably couldn't do it if he tried.    I think he was trying to point out the fine line between ingesting too much use-less information and avoiding information to the point you actually miss out on some unexpected inspiration which could benefit you, your friends, family, or the world.      

Zizek's points about possibility/impossibility are some of his most important ideas, but I don't see how they apply to Veritasium.     I never got the impression that Veritasium subscribed to what Zizek is afraid of - that technology gives us infinite potential in the personal realm, but raising taxes 2% on capital gains to house and feed the homeless is considered pie-in-the-sky, unrealistic, utopian fantasy.   
**INTRO**:

> Frege's work in logic and the foundations of mathematics centers on
claims of logical entailment; most important amongst these is the claim that
arithmetical truths are entailed by purely logical principles. Occupying a less
central but nonetheless important role in Frege's work are claims about
failures of entailment. Here the clearest examples are his theses that the
truths of geometry are not entailed by the truths of logic or of arithmetic, and
that some of them are not entailed by each other. As he, and we, would put it:
the truths of Euclidean geometry are independent of the truths of logic, and
some of them are independent of one another.

> Frege's talk of independence and related notions sounds familiar to a
modern ear: a proposition is independent of a collection of propositions just in
case it isn't a consequence of that collection, and a proposition or collection of
propositions is consistent just in case no contradiction is a consequence of it.
But some of Frege's views and procedures are decidedly un-modern. Despite
developing an extremely sophisticated apparatus for demonstrating that one
claim is a consequence of others, Frege offers not a single demonstration that
one claim is not a consequence of others. Thus in particular, he gives no
proofs of independence or of consistency. This is no accident. Despite his firm
commitment to the independence and consistency claims just mentioned, Frege
holds that independence and consistency cannot systematically be
demonstrated.

> Frege's view here is particularly striking in light of the fact that his
contemporaries had a fruitful and systematic method for proving consistency
and independence, a method which was well known to him. One of the clearest
applications of this method in Frege's day came in Hilbert's 1899 *Foundations
of Geometry*, in which Hilbert establishes via essentially our own modern
method the consistency and independence of various axioms and axiom systems
for Euclidean geometry. Frege's reaction to Hilbert's work was that it was simply a failure: that its central methods were incapable of demonstrating
consistency and independence, and that its usefulness in the foundations of
mathematics was highly questionable.5 Regarding the general usefulness of
the method, it is clear that Frege was wrong; the last 100 years of work in logic
and mathematics gives ample evidence of the fruitfulness of those techniques
which grow directly from the Hilbert-style approach. The standard view today
is that Frege was also wrong in his claim that Hilbert's methods fail to
demonstrate consistency and independence. The view would seem to be that
Frege largely missed Hilbert's point, and that a better understanding of
Hilbert's techniques would have revealed to Frege their success. Despite
Frege's historic role as the founder of the methods we now use to demonstrate
positive consequence-results, he simply failed, on this account, to understand
the ways in which Hilbert's methods could be used to demonstrate negative
consequence-results.

> The purpose of this paper is to question this account of the Frege-Hilbert
disagreement. By 1899, Frege had a well-developed view of logical
consequence, consistency, and independence, a view which was central to his
foundational work in arithmetic, and to the epistemological significance of
that work. Given this understanding of the logical relations, I shall argue,
Hilbert's demonstrations do fail. Successful as they were in demonstrating
significant metatheoretic results, Hilbert's proofs do not establish the
consistency and independence, in Frege's sense, of geometrical axioms. This
point is important, I think, both for an understanding of the basis of Frege's
epistemological claims about mathematics, and for an understanding of just
how different Frege's conception of logic is from the modern model-theoretic
conception which has grown out of the Hilbert-style approach to consistency.

**AUTHOR**:

[Patricia Blanchette](http://www3.nd.edu/~pblanche/), Professor of Philosophy, University of Notre Dame
If I could ask a second question that received a lot of attention on this subreddit. [In a recent article Daniel Dennett was reported to have said that:](http://qz.com/768450/one-of-the-most-famous-living-philosophers-says-much-of-philosophy-today-is-self-indulgent/)

>“A great deal of philosophy doesn’t really deserve much of a place of the world,” he says. “Philosophy in some quarters has become self-indulgent, clever play in a vacuum that’s not dealing of problems of any intrinsic interest.”

>Much if not all philosophical work in analytic metaphysics, for example, is “willfully cut off from any serious issues,” says Dennett. The problem, he explains, is that clever students looking to show off their skills “concoct cute counterarguments that require neither technical training nor empirical knowledge.” These then build off each other and invade the journals, and philosophical discourse.

Now your work is notable for being approachable and dealing with systematic issues in philosophy. Of these two characteristics, which do you feel contemporary philosophy on the whole most lacks? Approachable language, or a larger approach to broader issues?
From the Announcement page:

[–]natcat_ [+1] 3 points 3 days ago 
Hi Kevin, I tried to read your book Replacing Truth a while back but it was a little heavy for me at the time so I was unable to finish. Nonetheless I find your work very interesting (and I hope to return to the book someday (: )!

One of the most vexing problems for me has been the question of whether logic can be rationally revised. Clearly your project is revisionist, so I have to ask-- how do you approach this question of rational revision?


**KS**:  

I’m sorry the book isn’t more accessible. I wrote it originally to be read by a wide audience, but the press asked me to cut it in half. So I had to cut out all the accessible stuff. Now it’s mostly for experts. I’m converting all that introductory material into an accessible book on truth that’s under contract and mostly done. 

Yes, the topic of rationally revising any part of our conceptual scheme (including logic) is a major theme of my work. I advocate conceptual engineering as a philosophical methodology, which says that good philosophical work is not only descriptive (like conceptual analysis), but prescriptive as well. Western philosophy has for a long time been somewhat prescriptive because it has advocated revising our beliefs (I think that’s a central message of Plato’s Apology). However, I think it should also tell us how to improve our ways of representing the world (like our concepts), not just our beliefs about the world. 

However, we want our prescriptions to be good ones, and one important standard here is rationality – we should revise our conceptual scheme in ways that make sense, i.e., that are rational (or the most rational, if you think rationality comes in degrees). Once we start trying to revise what is rational (or how rational various things are), we run into trouble. Should the revisions be rational in the old sense or in the new sense? Often the old senses of rationality don’t allow the recommended changes, so the former answer (the old sense of rationality) is too conservative. However one can come up with all sorts of unacceptable new ways of thinking about rationality that do justify themselves. So the latter answer (the new sense of rationality) is too liberal. A good example of the problem is the work ‘tonk’, which for the past fifty years has been known as a sort of joke logical word. ‘Tonk’ is kind of like conjunction (and) and kind of like disjunction (or). If it’s like disjunction because if you have some sentence P, then you can always infer P tonk Q for any other sentence Q. It’s like conjunction because if you have some sentence P tonk Q, then you can always infer Q. Now, look what happens if we add ‘tonk’ to our language—we can reason validly from any sentence P to any other sentence Q. We can reason validly from ‘I’m Kevin’ to ‘I’m a billionaire’. Obviously this is not a rational revision of our logic since it destroys our logic (i.e., makes it trivial so that every reasoning is valid). However, it is easy to argue using ‘tonk’ that one should make this revision—that is, pick any sentence at all. How about ‘I’m in Scotland’. And using ‘tonk’ one can validly reason to the sentence ‘We should add ‘tonk’ in our language’. The problem is to find some other way of characterizing which changes are rational and which aren’t (even when we’re dealing with the very concept of rationality). In the case of logic, there are endless debates about whether intuitionist logicians can justify intuitionistic logic or whether paraconsistent logicians can justify paraconsistent logic or whether relevant logicians can justify relevance logic. 
My views on this are not very well set, but I do think we can say a couple of things. I think classical logic is the best model we have of our basic deductive reasoning. It has many many problems (like all models, it swims in a tide pool of anomalies). But it’s better than any of the other logics that it commonly competes with. There might be good reasons to think that other logics are better models in certain circumstances (e.g., reasoning in a database with inconsistent information) and so one might think that logical pluralism is in order. I’ll ignore logical pluralism for now. Thus, the question of whether logic can be rationally revised is, for me, asking whether it would be rational to change our reasoning practices so that some other logic (presumably a weaker one since classical logic’s famous competitors are weaker) best models our reasoning practices. For me, this is a no-brainer. No. Such a change would require us to no longer reason in some way that is modeled by classical logic. Yes, sometimes those ways of reasoning lead to trouble, but in the vast majority of cases they don’t. So it’s always better to figure out some kind of way to identify the trouble spots and avoid them or make other changes there rather than give up reasoning that works well almost everywhere. 


FROM THE ANNOUNCEMENT PAGE:

**[–]Zyopen**:
Hi Professor Scharp,
I am in no position to benefit from your work as of 2016, but regardless I have found enjoyment in reading your book 'Replacing Philosophy.' This book has it's focus on methodology, and so I would not forgive myself if I didn't relate this question to a problem I am having. During your early twenties, you would of became increasingly adept at digesting philosophical ideas, concepts and books.
What books personally inspired your desire to become an avid reader? How would you describe the transformation that improved your reading ability?
Thanks and all the best, Matthew

**KS**:

When I started doing philosophy, I wasn’t a very careful or fast reader, but I took a speed reading course as a graduate student and in the intervening years, I worked hard to develop the ability to read very quickly without sacrificing comprehension. I think this skill is one of the most important one can have as a “non-brilliant” philosopher. A few philosophers are just brilliant – they can just say deep and interesting things about a topic without knowing what others have said about it. I’m not brilliant. Instead, for me and the rest of us, the key to depth is breadth. That is, we need a broad understanding of some topic and how it relates to lots of other topics in order to say something deep and interesting about it. The key to breadth is being able to absorb information quickly. So I take reading ability to be a key component to philosophical success for me and the rest of the non-brilliant. 

I’m guessing that wasn’t exactly the answer you were looking for – you want something like a list of books that inspired me to dedicate my professional life to philosophical investigation. I’d say that Nietzsche’s Genealogy of Morals, Hegel’s Phenomenology of Spirit, Wittgenstein’s Investigations, Heidegger’s Being and Time, and Russell’s History of Western Philosophy each had a huge impact on me and spurred me on to become a better philosopher. If I had to pick a favorite philosopher, it would be Nietzsche. His writing resonates with me in a way that nothing else really does. 


From the Announcement page:

**[–]philosofern [+1] **:
Hello Professor Scharp. Thank you for taking the time to conduct this AMA. Let me begin by saying that I greatly admire your work and dedication to this project, as I know you have been pursuing ascending and descending truth for quite some time. 
I have great doubts about the ultimate success of your work. In particular, I find your claim that "it should be replaced with consistent concepts that can do truth’s job without giving rise to paradoxes" disconcerting. I trust that you've done the relevant work to solve truth related paradoxes that presently exist due to the canonical concept of "true." However, in solving these paradoxes with your ascending truth and descending truth, might you have created a new paradox (or two) within your framework?  

While I cannot point to a glaring flaw in your current theory, my suspicion arises from an intuition I have gathered in my academic pursuits. As I see it, every theoretical field is vulnerable to an idiosyncratic inconsistency. From the microscopic quantum indeterminacy (exemplified by Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle) to the macroscopic breakdown of spacetime (a la General Relativity's black holes), and even in the very foundational core of mathematical logic (I'm sure you are well versed in Gödel's Incompleteness Theorems), the universe tends to buck at any sign of absolute mastery. 

What makes you so certain that your theory is immune from this fatal revenge?  

I recognize that a Reddit AMA can only provide so much space for answering a question such as mine and that, further, the solution might just reside in a thorough analysis of your work. Perhaps the solution is as simple as surrendering to inconsistency from the get-go as you've done? (Yet, we find in the example of GIT that axiomatizing the Gödel Sentence only creates a new system with a new set of problems, so perhaps not?)  

In any case, any response and guidance that you can provide here will be greatly appreciated.


**KS**:

Thanks! This is an important topic. When dealing with the truth paradoxes, it is very hard to avoid contradicting yourself. And so, in the 1970s, logicians sort of took over the discussion because logic has very precise tools for figuring out whether there are any lurking contradictions in someone’s proposal. 

One important tool for this purpose is a relative consistency proof. Typically a theorist proposes a formal language and shows how to add a truth predicate to that language. The theorist demonstrates various features of the truth predicate and the language that are relevant to solving the paradoxes. Then the theorist is expected to prove that the formal system is consistent (and thus it harbors no secret contradictions or paradoxes). Because of Godel’s second incompleteness theorem, one cannot just prove that a system is consistent (I’m being very sloppy here for accessibility). Instead, the theorist provides a relative consistency proof (which is the best we can hope for). The relative consistency proof demonstrates that if some well-known and trusted mathematical theory is consistent, then the theorist’s formal system is consistent too. It is common to use ZFC (Zermelo Frankel set theory with the axiom of Choice), but others are used too. Once one has a relative consistency proof, one knows that there aren’t any paradoxes or contradictions hiding in one’s formal system (unless they are also hiding in ZFC itself). I gave a relative consistency proof for my formal system in my book, Replacing Truth.  

A relative consistency proof goes a long way, but it isn’t the final word. Problems can crop up because we ultimately care about how to deal with the paradoxes as they occur in natural languages (and in thought), but the theorist proves relative consistency only for a formal language that is supposed to model natural language. It can happen that new paradoxes crop up when one thinks about how the formal language is supposed to model natural language. I argued in Replacing Truth that it happens for Hartry Field’s proposal (for examples, see pp. 105-110 and pp. 158-160). 

The lesson is that caution is required when claiming that one’s approach to the truth paradoxes has avoided all the revenge problems. I basically dared the reader to come up with revenge paradoxes for my system, and lots of people have tried (there are several papers either published or forthcoming that contain these attempts). I have yet to see any attempt that doesn’t rest on a mistake. So, my attitude is cautious optimism – I don’t think there are any new revenge paradoxes associated with my proposal, but, given the tenacity of the revenge problem, I wouldn’t really be surprised if some clever person found one. 

One last point on your comment about surrendering to inconsistency. It’s crucial to note that I’m offering a consistent theory of our inconsistent concept of truth. That’s not the only way to go – many people who think that truth is an inconsistent concept embrace the inconsistency so much that they think some contradictions are true and they endorse logics that are so weak that contradictions don’t cause any trouble. This view is called paraconsistent dialetheism. Dialetheism is the idea that some contradictions are true and paraconsistent logics are those that can handle true contradictions without exploding. I’m opposed to this view. On my account, we can consistently describe our inconsistent concept of truth without any trouble. So I am surrendering to inconsistency in one sense (saying that our concept is inconsistent), but in another sense I’m deeply resistant to it (insisting on a consistent overall theory). 

FROM THE ANNOUNCEMENT: 

**[–]CalvinistPhilosopher**:

Howdy Dr. Scharp!

You've stated in your debate with William Lane Craig that 21st century atheism is "completely independent" of reductive naturalism. But can you explain to me how an atheistic worldview does not reduce to, or perhaps, entail naturalism?

Thank you for taking out time to do this AMA and answer these questions. I enjoyed your attitude and preparedness in your debate with one of Christianity's finest apologists. Take care!

**KS**:
Thanks! Craig is an intimidating guy (on paper I mean, in person he's delightful), and I worked hard to try to understand his entire system from the inside. 

I think one can argue for atheism without assuming reductive naturalism (i.e., that everything can be explained in terms of science). I gave an example of one such argument in the debate -- the confidence argument. So one can formulate and defend a reasonable atheism without assuming naturalism. 

Moreover, reductive naturalism is deeply implausible and leaves the atheist who relies on it in a very weak position. I don't think that reductive explanations of morality, aesthetics, reasons, meaning, or consciousness are any good. Reductive explanation is very demanding, and I don't see any of those reductive projects being successful. So when an atheist adopts reductive naturalism, it's like she is tying both hands behind her back in a fight. 

FROM THE ANNOUNCEMENT PAGE:


**[–]PM_MOI_TA_PHILO**:

Hi Mr. Scharp,
What do you think is going to be the next big thing in metaphysics? More specifically, what do you think should be or will be the next debate or issue to work on in this field?

**KS**: 

I think philosophers are usually terrible at predicting what are going to be hot topics, and I doubt I’m any better. However, I do expect that we should expect to see lots of work on what we might think of as new foundations for metaphysics. Between the height of logical positivism in the early 20th century and the mid 1970s, metaphysics was not very popular, but then it became a major focus of research and has been since then. When it reemerged in the 1970s and 1980s, many of its most important defenders (e.g., Lewis) used modal concepts (e.g., possibility, necessity, contingency) as the basis for doing metaphysics. However, in the past decade or so, many metaphysicians have given up using modal notions and have instead crafted a new foundation for metaphysics using concepts like fundamentality and grounding (e.g., Sider, Fine). I think one should expect to see a continued emphasis on this new foundations project.

You did stick a ‘should’ in your question, so I might mention that one topic that should get attention (but probably won’t) is the legitimacy of causal concepts. Causation is a huge topic in metaphysics, but in my view, causation is a seriously defective concept that shouldn’t be used for serious theorizing. A number of philosophers have held this view as well (Russell, Davidson, Norton), but it certainly isn’t mainstream. The physicist, Sean Carroll, in his new book, The Big Picture, has an accessible discussion of this topic as well. 


FROM THE ANNOUNCEMENT PAGE: 

**[–]runningwiththebulls**:

First of all I would like to say your debate with William Craig demolished any reservations I had about abandoning Christianity on fear of being wrong and going to hell. From the bottom of my (newly) cold black atheist heart, Thank you. Do you think religion is harmful and if so what would be the best way to spread the atheistic worldview?  

**KS**:
You're welcome. I'm glad the debate had a significant effect on you. Thanks for saying so. 

I think religion can be harmful, but it has played an absolutely crucial role in human history. For example, Muslim and Christian philosophers largely arrived at the scientific method in the medieval period, so anyone interested in science or benefiting from the advances science has given us owes these religious thinkers a debt of gratitude. 

I'm not sure whether humanity is at a point where it would be helpful for everyone to give up religion. Perhaps we are, but I tend to doubt it. So I don't really try to spread atheism in the sense of trying to talk religious people out of their religion. Obviously I do defend atheism, but my goal is to get people to think critically about their beliefs and values and concepts. If after doing that, an atheist comes to be religious, then that's fine with me. 

What I really don't like is when religious views have a pernicious influence on public policy. For example, ignoring the threat of climate change because one is convinced that God would never let humans go extinct. 

Hi Kevin, thanks for joining us. Great to have you here.

I was hoping you could say some more about the new project *Replacing Philosophy*. You note that you think "most" commonly discussed philosophical concepts are inconsistent - could you note why one or two of these (apart from truth) is inconsistent on your view? With TRUTH there is a set of constitutive principles of the concept which you argue are inconsistent; do you believe that all concepts have some set of constitutive principles, and further that those principles are inconsistent? Or do you apply different methods to show that, e.g. VIRTUE is inconsistent?

I'd also love to hear about the relation of your conceptual engineering program to other accounts of conceptual analysis, like the Canberra Plan, of which I'm a big fan. On one understanding of the Canberra Plan it's easy to see why each concept being analysed would have such principles - because they are the core theoretical principles which define the concept in question. But it's not clear that other types of conceptual analysis would require this.
FROM THE ANNOUNCEMENT PAGE:

**[–]aj_ayer**:
I have a couple questions for you. I realize that you may not get to both (or either) of them, but I am very interested in your answers. 

1.	On conceptual engineering: I see that you distinguish conceptual engineering from other methodologies like the Canberra Plan. What about something like Carnapian explication? Are there any important differences between conceptual engineering and explication? Is one perhaps a species of the other?
2.	In one of the videos above, you cited Ted Sider's Ontologese as a conceptual engineering project. In Ontologese, the existential quantifier is reengineered to be fundamental (in an attempt to preserve the substantivity of ontological disputes). It seems like you were hinting at a distinction between conceptual engineering projects: there are those where we are actually improving our concepts in some sense, and there are those where we are simply defining ourselves out of some problem. Do you think both types of projects are worthwhile? What do you think of Sider's Ontologese?  


(By the way: Really enjoyed your debate against William Lane Craig.)


**KS**:

Thanks! I enjoyed doing the WLC debate. I hope to do it again sometime soon.  

I think of explication as one form of conceptual engineering. I can see someone disagreeing with me on certain cases, for example, if the concept pre-explication has exactly the same constitutive principles as the concept post-explication. But maybe no one would call such a case explication. 
About ontologese. You and I disagree a bit on Sider’s project (which he calls Plan B in Writing the Book of the World).  As I understand it, Sider wants to say that when people disagree about ontology (say a mereological nihilist and someone who accepts the existence of composites), the disagreement is substantive. However, there are critics, like Hirsch, who think that these disagreements are merely verbal. They usually appeal to quantifier variance to makes this case, and the view is often called ontological deflationism. Sider, in response to this worry admits that the critic might be right, but if so, the metaphysician can simply stipulate new quantifiers that don’t exhibit quantifier variance and then conduct the ontological dispute in the new language, which he calls ontologese. So, I think ontologese has quantifiers (and anything else that tags along) that don’t vary across contexts, whereas you think that ontologese has quantifiers that are fundamental. I suppose your view entails mine since the fundamental is also invariant (according to Sider), so mine is weaker. 

Either way, as long as the new quantifier in ontologese has constitutive principles (e.g., being invariant) that the old quantifier of English doesn't have, then this is a conceptual engineering project. I didn't mean to indicate a distinction along the lines you describe. My reason is that good conceptual engineering projects should also illuminate our language as it is now, before the conceptual change. I tried hard to do that in Replacing Truth.

FROM THE ANNOUNCEMENT PAGE:

**[–]eitherorsayyes**:

What do you think about these 'X and Philosophy' books that seem to appear overnight when new popular shows, movies, &c come out?

https://www.amazon.com/Richard-Greene/e/B01HF6HIGA/ref=dp_byline_cont_book_1

https://www.amazon.com/Mark-T.-Conard/e/B001JSDZ36/ref=sr_ntt_srch_lnk_1?qid=1473228681&sr=1-1

https://www.amazon.com/Robert-Arp/e/B001ILHJJA/ref=sr_ntt_srch_lnk_1?qid=1473228733&sr=1-1

https://www.amazon.com/William-Irwin/e/B001H9PZG2/ref=sr_ntt_srch_lnk_1?qid=1473228927&sr=1-1

https://www.amazon.com/Jason-T.-Eberl/e/B001JRXV0Y/ref=sr_ntt_srch_lnk_2?qid=1473228983&sr=1-2

https://www.amazon.com/Nicolas-Michaud/e/B007M3B3V8/ref=dp_byline_cont_book_1

**KS**:
If they help get people interested in philosophy who otherwise wouldn't be, then I'm all for them. However, I don't think I've ever cited a paper that came out in one of these collections. I could be wrong, they don't seem to be the most important collections for philosophers. 

FROM THE ANNOUNCEMENTS PAGE:

**[–]LeeHyori**: 
Hi Professor Scharp, since you are interested in questions about the coherence of truth, can you explain what Tarski's Undefinability Theorem actually means for the concept of truth and how it relates to the work you're doing? 

**KS**:

The first thing to recognize is that Tarski’s theorem is a technical result that applies only to certain formal languages. It says nothing about a natural language like English except insofar as English can be modeled by certain formal languages. The theorem states that in certain formal languages there can be no truth predicate. The proof of the theorem is usually by reductio and it uses something like a liar sentence to derive the contradiction. Crucially, the theorem assumes that the formal languages in question obey classical logic (although it can be strengthened in various ways for other logics), and that truth predicates have certain properties, like obeying Schema T: p is true if and only if q (where one substitutes in for ‘p’ the name of the sentence that stands in for ‘q’).  

Because the theorem has these assumptions, one can avoid it by focusing on languages for which these assumptions fail. For example, there is a tremendous amount of work on defining truth in languages that do not obey classical logic. There is also a tremendous amount of work on defining truth predicates that do not obey Schema T.  

As for my own work, I think we are better off sticking with classical logic as a model for our reasoning practices, which means that we need to explore the best way of understanding how our truth predicates in natural languages subtly fail to obey Schema T. This is especially tricky for me because I think Schema T is constitutive of our concept of truth. That is, Schema T is one of the things that determine the meaning of our word ‘true’. 

Lots of people who believe in constitutive principles think that they have to be true. However, it is a central part of my project to make sense of inconsistent concepts – i.e., those that have some false constitutive principles. I think Schema T (or some of its instances to be more precise) is false even though it is constitutive of our concept of truth.  

So, to sum up, I think that Schema T is constitutive of our concept of truth (on broadly linguistic grounds) and I think that classical logic is the best model for our deductive reasoning and our logical vocabulary. Thus, Tarski’s theorem forces me to admit that some instances of Schema T are false, even though they are constitutive. 

I think the best recent discussion of Tarski’s theorem is in Hartry Field’s book, Saving Truth From Paradox, chapter 1. 

FROM THE ANNOUNCEMENT PAGE: 

**[–]runningwiththebulls**:

Can an atheist have justified belief for the objectivity of moral values and duties? Are we loosing anything with subjective morality?  

**KS**: Yes, there are plenty of theories that take moral values and duties to be objective that do not invoke anything supernatural. Most contemporary versions of consequentialism are a good example, but there are plenty of versions of deontological ethics that do the same. A good book on this is David Enoch's Taking Morality Seriously. 

Lots of people, theist and atheist, think that atheists are stuck with some kind of evolutionary theory of morality. I totally reject this. It's based on associating atheism with reductive naturalism, which I also reject. 

FROM THE ANNOUNCEMENT:

**[–]runningwiththebulls**: 

When I tell people about my atheism the most common question I get is: How do you live with the meaninglessness of life? How do you respond to questions like these where religious people equate not believing in their god to a meaningless existence?  

**KS**: 
I think this is one of the most difficult issues for the atheist to deal with. I like to think of the "does life have a meaning?" question as having two distinct readings -- "Is there something I should be trying to achieve with my life, a goal for life?" and "Is my life part of some overarching plan for the universe?" 

I think that the first reading -- the goal reading -- does have an answer from the atheist. Atheists can accept that there are objective moral values and duties. Whatever actions turn out to be morally good, those are the ones you should be pursuing. Those should be your goals in life. So atheists can accept that life has a meaning in this "goal" sense of meaning. 

I think the second reading is more difficult. I don't think atheists are justified in thinking that the universe is governed by some kind of supernatural plan, so if the plan has to be supernatural, then the atheist should say "no" to "does my life have meaning?" in this *plan* sense. However, I don't see why the plan has to be supernatural. Seeing one's life as a part of the unfolding of the universe from big bang to heat death does allow one to think of one's life as part of a plan. It's just that the plan isn't teleological or intentional. 

I'm sure lots of people think the second point is bogus. However, you might ask yourself, what would be my answer to the "does life have a meaning?" question if I believed that God is evil and my life plays an important role in God's evil plan? Would I still say "yes, my life is meaningful!" If you wouldn't say that, then there is more than just a plan being presupposed in the original question. 

Hi, thanks for doing this AMA and welcome to Scotland!

My question is slightly off topic but maybe you have an answer: is there any way to argue against anti-foundationalism?

Ie: a claim is made, like "this kite is blue", and the approach is "what foundation do you base that belief on?" The idea being that if you keep asking it nobody will ever be able to justify themselves. Bearing in mind it took Bertrand Russell half a tome to prove 1 + 1 = 2, how can anything but the most inconsequential of things be true?

Secondly, what is the most outlandish thing you believe, or at least would seem outlandish to somebody who does does not do Philosophy.

Thank you!!
Hi, thanks for doing this!

Could you expand a bit on how you ultimately decided to focus on analytic over Continental philosophy, given that you appear to have at least at one point been interested in both? And as a follow-up, do you think the state of the academy is currently such that a decision between the two is ultimately a necessary one for those intending to pursue an academic career in philosophy? 
Do you feel that there are any non-philosophical activities which have made you a better philosopher? Also, what made you decide on a career in philosophy (as opposed to mathematics)?
From the Announcement page:

**[–]Rikkiwiththatnumber**: 
Hi professor! What's your favourite pub in St Andrews? 

**KS**:

Although I just moved to St Andrews, I’ve been visiting here for about a decade and I have lots of fond memories of the Central. I think that’s where I first met Graham Priest and Kit Fine and lots of other philosophers I admire. So it has a ton of emotional significance for me. It’s also on the same block as the Arche building (Arche is the philosophical research center at St Andrews, and I’m now on it’s management committee). I like Aikman’s, especially the basement, and Drouthy Neebors, and Whey Pat and St. Andrews Brewing Company. The Strathkinness Tavern is close to where I live, but it has pretty restricted hours. 


FROM THE ANNOUNCEMENT PAGE:

**[–]MrBongoKingoftaCongo**:
Hi Professor, What a cool background! I am starting a PhD in Mathematics and I am so in love with the foundations of puremath/algebra that I almost think I would rather study the philosophy of Mathematics. I was wondering if you knew of any mathematicians/communities of mathematians who are currently trying to look a little deeper into the foundations of set/group theory and the like, or any other way I can study philosophy while getting a PhD in Math lol. Thanks! 

**KS**:
There's lots of good stuff going on in foundations of mathematics. 

You should subscribe to the FOM (Foundations of Mathematics) list, which focuses on the work of Harvey Friedman, but includes a ton of other major people in the field. Harvey is amazing and the conversations on there are cutting edge.

If you are in the USA, then definitely go to the Midwest Philosophy of Mathematics Workshop, which is an annual event at Notre Dame. 

Also check out Pen Maddy’s work, especially her book Defending the Axioms. 

You should also look into category theory (I like Awodey’s book, but there are lots of others – e.g., Mac Lane’s book). 

Thanks for doing this AMA.

You say you took some time deciding whether to follow continental or analytic philosophy and in your answers you've listed Heidegger and Hegel as important writers for you.  As someone who's in a similar position as I consider where to apply for postgrads, I'm wondering what factors were important in making that decision?  And do you think your interest in both camps has made you a better philosopher?
Thank you for taking the time to do this AMA Dr Scharp.

Could you share with us what your view on the nature of truth seems to imply for philosophy of science? Specifically it seems to radically redefine the terms of the scientific realism/antirealism debate, and since you're interested in phil sci I thought you might have thought about this.
I though of more questions:

I think as an undergraduate science student, thinking about truth and philosophy of science can be quite overwhelming. Sometimes it can be so to the extent that it leads one to a sort of paralysis in which one doesn't know how to go on with research because one feels like one isn't sure whether their research is actually going to find some truth. What advice would you give students of scientific disciplines? Should we simply try not to worry and just continue with research and let the philosophers deal with it? Or do you think that science would actually be a lot more effective today if scientists were introduced to philosophy of science earlier on in their careers? 
I recently got the offer of studying honours in philosophy. I love ethics and morality etc. should I do honours? Pros/cons? Jobs?
Hello Professor Scharp

Great to have you here, and thank you. 

My question is do you believe language is a human only quality and are language and communication one in the same or are they different? Does one need language to communicate and does all language need to be communicated? 

Since you have an interest in philosophy of language, I wonder your thoughts on a theory of meaning?
Do you think it possible that meaning is the extension of words?  For this to work extension would need to be exclusively mental, but that is surely plausible (I know, I'm an idealist!).  One thing that follows from this idea of meaning as extension is that the extension of 'dog' would be the specific dog the speaker is thinking about.  Although all dogs that could be thought of COULD be the extension they only are when they are in the mind.  You may begin to see the parallels with Relational Quantum Mechanics, even in the macro scale.  The moon being, like everything, entirely mental only exists when in your thoughts.
As you can see all meaningful words would therefore have extensions (perhaps thoughts about linking specific clauses such as 'and') as well as non-referring terms and fictional character's names.
Thanks for your thoughts.

I'm very excited about reading your future work: while I'm familiar with work on truth, seeing how it fits into the broader project of Replacing Philosophy would be fascinating!

I have three questions:

- Do you think that there is one (and only one) correct logic for natural language arguments? (In other words, do you think logical monism is right?)

- What do you think of the job market for formally-minded philosophers? Should they stick in philosophy, or try looking for jobs in other fields like mathematics and computer science? [EDIT: You seem to have answered this question already, so maybe skip this one.]

- Do you feel that there are any non-philosophical activities which have made you a better philosopher?
Thanks for doing this AMA. 

Do you believe in moral truth and why?
Hi Professor Scharp! Thanks for doing an AMA!

What books--fiction or non-fiction--do you feel most decisively influenced your development? Which books would you now suggest as most helpful to young people or those first getting into philosophy?

Tp's, Broons, or the westport? 
I will be sure to look for your book.
Hello Dr. Scharp,


My first encounter with you was when I saw a debate you had with William Lane Craig about the existence of God. I don't know if you've ever re-watched that debate, but I'd like to get your thoughts on something in particular that was said. For reference, here is the debate, time-stamped to the relevant moment.

https://youtu.be/8KMd_eS2J7o?t=43m42s


You asked Craig what I think is the central question: Why think that a being with the characteristics Craig specifies, would create a universe? I think Craig utterly failed to answer this question.
 

That being said, could you explain what, in your mind, are the possible routes a theist could go? Could they argue God is inscrutable? But then they've admitted that their explanation lacks any empirical content. Could they argue attributes of God by leaning on a particular religious tradition? Or would that be question-begging? Again, I'm just curious how you chart out the possible responses to your question, and if you think that that question is essentially a "checkmate"?

Cheers
> Lots of people, theist and atheist, think that atheists are stuck with some kind of evolutionary theory of morality. I totally reject this. It's based on associating atheism with reductive naturalism, which I also reject. 

Do you mind elaborating on this? How can an atheist have objective morality? 
I have been involved in figuring out how to think critically for the past few years. I find that many people, even having a "foolproof argument", can still be in error. How can we avoid errors such as Pascal's Wager which seems so convincing, and when do we know that we have truth? 
What was your experience while straddling the divide between the two traditions (analytic, continental)?  What might have pulled you the other way?
Are you familiar with Saul Kripke's "A Puzzle About Belief"?

I wonder about the status of the puzzle in the community: if it is considered important or unimportant, solved or unsolved.

I have a possible solution so obvious as to have almost certainly been raised in print, but I cannot access any articles.

I'd like to proceed with it as a personal project (with aspirations of publication) but suspect the response has been made and accepted or refuted.

If you can shed any light on this, I would greatly appreciate it.
>being offered a million pounds to believe that 1=0

can u elaborate on this a little?
Hello kevin, i am a third year undergraduate phi major at the University at Buffalo.  I really enjoy your post a lot and look forward to reading your works mentioned. I was hoping you could share what your argument is regarding religion? Thanks again for the insightful post can't wait to read about your thoughts on truth!
I think that your "mathematical physics has made realism obsolete" thesis has a serious flaw. I was thinking about this on my drive home from work.

In mathematical physics, all inertial frames of reference have the same laws of physics. That is, if you are on Train A passing by Train B, you cannot tell if you are moving and Train B is still or if Train B is moving and you are still. Mathematically speaking, the laws of physics work out exactly the same.

However, physically speaking, that is not always the case. In real life, there are ways to determine which frame is moving and which frame is still. When I was driving my car in a suburban street passing by a parked car, from the perspective of mathematical physics, I am unable to tell whether it is my car that is moving or the parked one. However, it is obvious from common sense that the parked car is the one that is not moving: it is parked, its engine is off, and it has no driver, while my car is not parked, its engine is fully running, and I am driving it. I think the same is true for causality: even if causality doesn't show up in the equations governing reality, we shouldn't take that as evidence that causality isn't real. We should take that as evidence that the equations do not give a comprehensive treatment of reality, just as the mathematical description of inertial frames doesn't mean that in real life I am completely helpless to distinguish between frames of reference (I am not, and neither are you).
What are some reading recommendations for a prospective law student to strengthen their logical reasoning? I still have about two years to go before applying to law school (I'm from Singapore so law is an undergraduate degree in itself), and I'm currently taking Knowledge and Inquiry, an examinable subject about epistemology in different areas. I've had little trouble with constructing logically sound arguments, but I've always found myself hesitant in attempting to outline logical fallacies of arguments I read :(
St Andrews student, just dropping in to say hi
Hello, 

I'm a student in St Andrews studying Chemistry and a keen amateur Philosopher. Do you have any advice for me or other amateur philosophers looking for like minded people to discuss philosophical questions with and events to attend?

Secondly, who was your favorite Philosopher when you began your career and has your opinion of them changed since then? 
Hello Dr Scharp. I have just discovered your work and find it intriguing.

As a layman I am not sure what you mean by saying "Truth is an inconsistent concept."

Would I be right in assuming that the Liar Paradox is an example of what you mean?

Are there any other examples which would make the idea clearer?

Is Falsehood also an inconsistent concept?
This has nothing to do with the theory you're proposing, and I'm sorry for that - but I just have to tell you that I spent a semester studying abroad at St Andrews and it was one of the best experiences of my entire life. Also my parents went to UW-Milwaukee! 
Very interesting.
I have had to remove at this time approximately seventy-five comments, and will likely remove many more in the next few hours, but please expect that if your comments do not abide by the rules set out in the sidebar that they will be removed. 

As it says in the sidebar:

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

...

>Comments that solely express musings, opinions, beliefs, or assertions without argument may be removed.

This is not a place for your idle musings.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
So is contemporary western philosophy still divided along the Continental/Analytical divide or has that changed in the last decade or so? 
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
*"In our fourth and final installment of our series on the transition from Liberal Democracy to Authoritarian Democracy, "Locke, the US Constitution and the New Machiavellian Prince." we examine the theoretical and political justifications for the emergence of a completely legitimate, Authoritarian Executive. In this episode we examine Locke's notion of Prerogative Power, the way this extraordinary idea/power is written into the US Constitution, and how this lays the foundation for the creation of an New, more Vigorous version of Machiavelli's Prince. Enjoy."*
I admired this theorem so much that I changed majors from electrical engineering to math. Now I'm sitting at home without a job.
"Prooving that there is, in fact, no proof." is actually quite a normal way for a defence attorney to get a not guilty verdict.
Jesus, every time he mispronounced "Gödel" ...
Since there aren't a hundred comments already saying this, everybody read Godel, Escher, Bach. 

Also, it's pronounced Godel. 
I loved that, pretty clear and fun.
Didnt continue watching because of the terrible resolution and sound quality...
I'd love to see more philosophical discussions presented by Phoenix Wright.
It was quite strange when the Phoenix Wright bgm suddenly stopped and Touhou bgm started playing.
So as someone that spent the entirety of his final year of his mathematics degree playing Final Fantasy (7 & 9 of course), this is actually brilliant. If only this was available in the online notes  
I can't express how much I'm in love with this...
My wifu will be so impressed with intelligence san.
This video makes the mistake of quoting Hofstadter's simplified (and non-rigorous) arguments as though they were created by Gödel. Egh.
G=U/U=(A^^/A^^)/(A^^/A^^)=(A^/A^)/(A^/A^)=C=A/B
(Where ^ represents prime) 
Is this what you mean ?
Don't know enough about mathematics to relate the formula P=M/N
But what your essentially saying is a negative (undefinable for example (e)) /a negative (undefinable (u) e) makes (=) another negative(ue)/negative(ue)/negative(ue) makes another (=) negative(ue). So whats the point ?
So applied to physics whats the G of E=M/C2. That would be an interesting number. Maybe thats the search engine of the furure GODEL
All comments that don't respond directly to the piece will be deleted without comment. This isn't a catch-all thread on the ethics of insulting religion, and such catch-all threads are deeply unproductive. 
Political philosopher systematically deconstructs the liberal sounding arguments used in support of blasphemy laws: Freedom from Harm; Anti-discrimination; State Neutrality; and Tolerance. If you've ever had one of these arguments used against you, this is how you should have replied.

>(Indeed, World Values Surveys suggest that more liberal societies often have higher levels of trust for strangers compared to communitarian or socialist ones explicitly orientated to social harmony.)

A pretty remarkable claim offered without support. 

Not asking here for support — but is anyone familiar enough with this source to evaluate the *usefulness* (not the accuracy) of this claim?
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
What's so great about liberalism (or any such system focused on the individual rather than the common good) in the first place? I'm still waiting on *that* argument.
What I don't get is his assertion that the arguments in favour of censoring blasphemy are truisms in the left. I am genuinely, entirely unaware of any claims. The liberals and leftists and whoever I am aware of tend to disagree with insults to religion when they view them as factually incorrect or misleading or somehow defective in some other way. And liberals oppose hate speech generally (to be clear I'm discussing liberals as in philosophical liberals), which insults to religion could be at times.

The article is all right, but its all right for the reason that no actual liberals seem to oppose the right to insult religion. Its not really targeted at anyone, more like giving a light description of liberal values about discussing religion to whoever wants it. 
[removed]
[removed]
Charlie Hebdo's satirical criticism of the Islamic Muslims looks a lot like Scientism's criticism of the philosophy of science. So as the article's author asks, where is the harm? 
“According to Gorgias, one reason language cannot communicate”

“Thus in dealing with language, Derrida, like Gorgias, wrestles with sameness and 
difference,”

But Derrida as I read him makes the point that a definitive - final reading cannot be made- the Gorgias quote – beautifully contradictory – that it cannot communicate.

You go on to say  Gorgias' "stance" – but how do you know what that is? 

“The sophist’s second claim that a word is never the same twice for even the same person “

Then the claim is never the same twice, as it's made of words. 

Of course he was a  sophist- so the idea is more that he can frame any argument – even counter intuitive and non reasonable and make this convincing. Which is nothing like what JD was about – IMO.!!!(others may not)

“Gorgias’ writings are both rhetorical and performative. He goes to great lengths to exhibit his ability of making an absurd, argumentative position appear stronger. Consequently, each of his works defend positions that are unpopular, paradoxical and even absurd.”

“ one reason language cannot communicate is because things are 
simply not words: “

As I say I don't think he is being 'reasonable'... so a rational response seems misplaced.  But i'll throw in something that struck me – 'pain is a form of communication' – which seems to work. We now know the pain is always in the brain – its how analgesics work – yet we feel it in the body – even when say a limb is actually missing. Languages are not perfect (JD). Pain is not the broken leg – but sure communicates. 
I think JD would say pain – language - is never closed... not that it is never meaningful.
 

As for private languages I thought Wittgenstein argued there could not be any...? 

See http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/private-language/

To be "private" the symbols need to be un-translatable (to anyone else) - so even to me - (to guarantee privacy) therefore not communicate at all. 
If anyone is interested. Protagoras and Prodicus are also good on this subject of relativism.
From the abstract:

> If people have different resources, tastes, or needs, they may be able to exchange goods or services such that they each feel they have been made better off. This is trade. If people have different moral views, then there is another type of trade that is possible: they can exchange goods or services such that both parties feel that the world is a better place or that their moral obligations are better satisfied. We can call this *moral trade*. I introduce the idea of moral trade and explore several important theoretical and practical implications.
>(That’s right, he’s looking at you, reddit.)

And some of us are looking right back at him.

Frankly I'm exhausted every time I read about K, because he's always hiding behind the choir he's preaching to. Indeed, in the preface linked herein, he expresses his wish to steal away entirely, much like a filmmaker who redirects any criticism of his film onto the film itself. Disclaiming ownership and authorship is cowardly, and, given what I know of K, that seems par for the course.

I'm curious as to whether K ever stopped to contemplate the possibility of the sincerely wrong penitent, or if part of his choir-preaching and game-rigging involves a hive mind (comprised of fully-conscious individual beings, of course!) who have at least a potential to access a penetrating and inerrant insight into their own existence, the true nature of morality, the exact delineations between Self and Other, and anything else that might reduce the exercise down to the comfortable binary of Evasion or Honesty.

Once again, I find K's analysis to be separated not just from an ever-growing number of people who find his axioms too fantastical to accept at the outset - né the irreligious, and possibly even the non-Christian (and maybe we have to sort the denominations too?) - but from our increasingly scientific observations of how humans behave in the real world, and all the many ways that their cognitive faculties fail them. They fail in memory, they fail in reason, and they fail even in honest attempts to self-analyze. As is true of many authors of and before his time, K relegates cognitive failings to the category of "the demented," when today we just plain know better. If *any* cognitive failing that would disrupt K's model herein is to class the sufferer as "demented," then we are all "demented." That does not bode well for the legitimacy or usefulness of his work.

Heaven forbid, however, that we take things one step further and suggest that this increasingly scientific observation of human thought and behavior may lead us to question the validity and reliability of a belief in K's God in the first place, because I think that would definitely get us kicked out of the choir. Or disinvited from the film's early screenings. There's only so much criticism of "the film itself" that its erstwhile author will tolerate before stepping in to remove and replace audience members.

It seems that while K had the presence of mind to hide behind his choir, he didn't anticipate having to hide from the grim reality of the true nature and extent of human fallibility.

As to his more general clarion call to this notion of true individuality, well, I'll let him have it I suppose, since he does at times seem to be flirting with an *ought* rather than an *is,* which is something we should be encouraging. I will, however, reserve the right to relish the irony, given how his appeal to his God seems to strongly imply a rigid mental template into which all of his followers will somehow magically fit - you know, just as soon as they stop lying to themselves.
TLDW; Aristotle believed that practicing high thinking, specifically of the philosophical nature, is the purpose of life since it is a main characteristic that separates us from animals and plants. 
For Labor Day, it's valuable to reflect on *why* we labor, and on how labor contributes to human well-being.

**Summary:**
In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Monte Johnson](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/monte-ransome-johnson) (University of California, San Diego) explores an approach to the question “What is the purpose of life?” developed by the Greek Philosopher Aristotle (384-322 BC). Aristotle reasoned that just as artificial things (such as tools and workers) have characteristic capabilities with respect to which they are judged to be good or do well, so each kind of natural thing (including plants and humans) has characteristic capabilities with respect to which can be judged, objectively, to be good or do well. For plants and animals these mostly have to do with nutrition and reproduction, and in the case of animals, pleasure and pain. For humans, these vegetative and animal capabilities are necessary but not sufficient for our flourishing. Since reason and the use of language are the unique and highest capabilities of humans, the cultivation and exercise of intellectual friendships and partnerships, moral and political virtue, scientific knowledge and (above all) theoretical philosophy, was argued by Aristotle to be the ultimate purpose of human life.

For more on the different ways in which something can be valuable, see [Intrinsic vs Instrumental Value](https://youtu.be/DR42xdsLWkc?t=5s).

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi
Plato is my friend. Aristotle is my friend. But my greatest friend is truth.

--Isaac Newton
Philosopher says the meaning of life is philosophy.  hm....   
Interesting, but entirely based in unsupportable assumptions that beings have objective purpose which is tied to their distinct qualities. 

By that argument, the purpose of a platypus is to stab other animals with its venomous spurs, because the presence and use of those spurs is what sets a platypus apart from other mammals. Platypus excellence then would be achieved by stabbing other animals frequently and deeply, and poisoning them most acutely, causing as much pain as possible.  

The purpose of a platypus isn't to procreate or survive?
Assuming that anything has a purpose at all, which of course is a huge assumption.
Working  gives my life purpose and fills my time with productive activity but I would like to have enough money that I only had to study life and my place in it, going from school to school. That's would be the most satisfying life. Art, philosophy, sciences, music; those are what makes us human. 
Why is the undertaking of the feature or capacity that the organism has which is unique to it, considered its purpose? Why not what they all share in common? Perhaps the capacity that necessitates all other capacities is worthy of the title of "purpose". In that case I think we can say that reproduction is the purpose of all life. Reproduction is why life exists, and it is why life continues to exist. If reproduction ceased, all life on earth would cease.
Oh God, I am a vegetable!!
 
I love these short videos on philosophy, but I find the writing distracting from the message. I read what they write and miss what they say. 
["Excellence, and therefore happiness, consists in performing one’s function well. We say that a flute player is a good flute player when he performs his function, playing the flute, well. Man’s function is what distinguishes him from all other beings, and that attribute is his rational ability. Thus, happiness is reasoning well, or acting rationally according to virtue."](https://www.google.com/amp/s/orwell1627.wordpress.com/2013/06/30/aristotles-purpose-of-life/amp/?client=ms-android-att-us). I think he makes a mistake  about what constitutes "humanness".
do they have a video like this on Plato's take about the purpose oflife?
anyone know what Aristotle said of the ergon of gods? what's the next step beyond reasoning? applying that reason to things you govern? people already do this. Really, what did he say distinguished gods?
I see purpose in life as doing what makes you happiest within society's parameters.
Does Plato's thoughts on purpose in life strictly say that contemplation of the universe, use of reason and rationality are, strictly speaking the only purpose we can apply ourselves to?  

What about people who have dedicated their lives to a craft or discipline?  For example, an athlete, who has focused his life on training and honing his body and mind for the pursuit of excellence in his sport.  Or a musician, who studies and practices on his instrument?  Has he missed the purpose of life by focusing his energies on these things instead of the exercise of rational thought?  
Yay! Philosophy! 
What is the best virtue ethics book? It seems like a joke to me
This is a lecture by Kevin Scharp on a new project he calls *Replacing Philosophy*. The abstract is as follows:

> From familiar concepts like TALL and TABLE to exotic ones like GRAVITY and GENOCIDE, they guide our lives and are the basis for how we represent the world. However, there is good reason to think that many of our most cherished concepts, like truth, freedom, knowledge, and rationality, are defective in the sense that the rules for using them are inconsistent. This defect leads those who possess these concepts into paradoxes and absurdities. Indeed, I argue that many of the central problems of contemporary philosophy should be thought of as having their source in philosophical concepts that are defective in this way. If that is right, then we should take a more active role in crafting and sculpting our conceptual repertoire. We need to explore various ways of replacing these defective concepts with ones that will still do the work we need them to do without leading us into contradictions.

The **handout** for the talk is available [here](http://kevinscharp.com/ScharpPhilosophyandDefectiveConceptsHandout.pdf).


Professor Scharp will also be doing an AMA here on /r/philosophy **Wednesday September 7 at 11AM ET** - please see [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/50mx0e/ama_announcement_wednesday_97_11am_est_kevin/) where you can submit questions ahead of time, or join us Wednesday at 11AM in welcoming Prof. Scharp to our community.
I'm not sure I would agree that consistency (or lack of defects) is the most important feature of concepts.

He says himself that concepts should be replaced when the defect interferes with its utility, but concepts are variously useful for different things.  Near the end, when describing the process he's proposing, his first step is to figure out what the concept is for, and then figuring out if its defects interfere with its use.  But don't we use the same concept for many different uses?

Isn't it likely that a given concept of "truth" has survived and thrived because it was useful?  The concepts we've held onto and argued about for thousands of years, like "truth" and "justice", must be useful in some ways.  I suppose you could look at them as memes which just got stuck in our head because they're good at reproducing themselves, but if that were the case, it wouldn't be worth arguing about them or replacing them.

It could be that these ideas are incredibly useful in many ways while being inconvenient in a few ways.  If that's the case, couldn't it be that we would be smart to continue using those concepts in all the scenarios where it's useful, and only try to replace them in the contexts where it doesn't serve us?

It seems a little strange to me to want to throw out the concept of "truth" for being inconsistent.  It seems to assume that you're after the truth, you assume that truth must be consistent, and then use *that* concept of truth to say that "Truth" must not be true because it's inconsistent.  Maybe the concept of "consistent" needs to be reworked.
Having only read the handout, the key challenge to my mind is landing on concepts which definitively improve on the ones we seek to free ourselves from. I'm all for replacing philosophy when the work cashes out in full. But how are we (to steal a word) to measure up their relative value, unless we agree on some other possibly arbitrary yardstick, like this metrological wheeze? That's the step I would be most wary of putting too much weight on.
**INTRODUCTION**

>Ralph Wedgwood is a philosopher who asks questions related to ethics and epistemology. His great-great-great-great uncle was Charles Darwin. Here he discusses the nature of metaethics and why the best-known approaches dissatisfy him, how normativity is to be fitted into a naturalistic framework, his ‘moderate naturalism’, why normativity raises issues of semantics, metaphysics and epistemology, what makes ‘ought’ statements true or false, how we know the real normative components of actuality, how to defend Normative Judgment Internalism, the normativity of rationality, degrees of rational thinking, how he defends his view from various objections, why ‘reasons’ talk is more complicated than many philosophers have assumed, whether rationality is a kind of value and the point of being guided by internal norms. As late summer brings us heatwaves, freshen up on this cool distillation …

[Ralph Wedgwood](http://www-bcf.usc.edu/~wedgwood/) is a Professor of Philosophy at the University of Southern California.
and we give them to goodwill when we get new shit
I don't know anybody who does this
Did you guys even read the fricken essay? 

> Marx also noted the perverse way a commodity could, in turn, appropriate and imitate the qualities of a human being, as though it possessed a diabolical life of its own. Clothes represent that awful mimicry with particular acuity: think of the swaggering braggadocio of the newest trainers with their swishing insignias, or the dress that seems to possess its own flirtatious personality in its swing; even vertiginous heels that speak of a languorous life without exertion, worlds away from that of the worker who made them. Such garments enter the market, virginal and untouched, wiped clean of the prints of the working hands through which they have passed.

>When Marx condemns the all-consuming commodity ‘fetishism’ of modern culture, he derives the term from the Portuguese feitiço, meaning charm or sorcery, and referring specifically to the West African practice of object worship, as witnessed by 15th-century sailors. To the fetish, worshippers attributed all kinds of magical properties that such objects did not possess in reality. In the same way, modern capitalism, it seemed to Marx, traded on the supernatural life of objects. Clothes are not exempt from eliciting this false idolatry. We sing the praises of shoes, dresses, jackets and bags as though they possess an inherent power, a spirit or soul; we give them stories, lives, identities, and in so doing blot out their real origins.

The author isn't taking about people naming their clothes.. 
I think the way current fashion trends work is that expensive = good. Taste makers decide for the public what is cool, then depending on how much a company sells that item for it is seen as better. 

Sure some people wear things they like but if i see someone with a $400 watch or bag or shoes I immediately think they are smarter or more interesting than someone wearing a cheaper brand even if the overall esthetic is more to my liking. 

I think people respect certain things like gamers like specific gaming apparel or people have favorite colors and patterns. But everyone likes money. 
We? You don't know me!
Women worship shoes.. don't "We" me, brah! 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uG0oK09SK68
see also: [**Ray Brassier: Sophistry, Suspicion, Theory**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAz8BlcMga8), which heavily riffs off of this paper
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
"Broad-mindedness is almost precisely the same thing as morality." -Henrik Ibsen
Famous weirdo Robert Anton Wilson called it "model agnosticism", based on the Copenhagen interpretation in physics. I have no idea what academic opinions on this concept might be, but as a stoned teen, the idea of accepting multiple hypothesis or approaches to a question at once was one the most important things I've ever learned.
[removed]
How the hell does one define "epistemic humility"?

It is mentioned several times in this paper, but never is a definition given.
that's a lot of big fucking words.

can somebody english this shit for me?
At a brief glance Metzinger & Windt's epistemic humility reminded me of the [Principle of Charity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_charity) which presumes rationality (rational accommodation) and meaning (maximum sense) in others.

But reading further Metzinger & Windt contrast epistemic and phenomenological knowledge and argues that "Experience as such is not knowledge." (p.8). So Metzinger's humility may not extend to those who argue that experience is fundamentally intertwined with knowledge (and vice versa) such as with phenomenological or Idealist philosophers.
I think the article makes some salient points cogently. It is intended for a highly philosophically literate audience, and therefore suspect it will do little as a tool for spreading open-mindedness, as it is deliberately inaccessible to all but the philosophical elite. I lament that it is not written in a more accessible vernacular. In other words, writing this kinda stuff so that regular people don't get turned off by big words that less than one in 1000 people know or use does not do any good outside of the Ivory tower, and that's a shame.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Is specificity always presented as a necessary part of intellectualism?  

Doesn't specificity ignore a futility in the rigidity of definition.  

It seems that specifics were what I learned in workbooks as a child, and the rest of my learning was to complicate that and to show the various ways in which the specifics faulter. 

[Edit] A response as to why my questions are bad questions (deserving downvotes) would help.
[removed]
Aside from the fact that I am reeling at the pretentiousness of using so many superfluous words to describe something so simple, I can't help but laugh at the irony that this douche professor promotes humility but has his head so firmly planted up his own ass.

Step one to humility: stop trying to justify your simplistic insights by attempting to be a human thesaurus.  Write your ideas in plain English.  If they don't seem particularly insightful, you need to reevaluate if what you've come up with is worth sharing or needs more work.
[removed]
[deleted]
That's one of the most ridiculously convoluted phrases I've ever heard.  If you can't explain something with common words, you don't really understand the subject matter.
Well this is a definition of "open mindedness" that you choose if you want the term to refer to an epistemic virtue. But really when people use it in everyday life it means indecisiveness.
Sounds like something you'd hear as an excuse to avoid criticism used typically by these new age, psudo mystic types... Similar to saying 'don't be negative'.
I always thought that scientism in people promoted very un-scientific thinking in people. I find that some people venerate science and all its wonders unquestionably. Like "no its true, there was a scientific study". This is funny because a great deal of science is all about questioning your assumtions  (within reason). At the same time, others completely dismiss findings that have been robustly redundant.
I like this piece, but it might be preaching to the converted - what would it take to make these points salient and compelling to an unwitting victim of scientism, who only knows that Bill Nye is generally to be trusted, and doesn't look much deeper than that or notice the difference between scientific and scientistic?

I suggest we need a bit more awareness of the role 'facts' have been made to play in authority games in the last half century or so. We've shifted towards "evidence-led policy" and away from all forms of political idealism (except for some small hold-out nationalisms like Scotland's SNP). 

Science has become increasingly the language of political struggles - think for example about the focus on "facts" in the argument over whether or not we should depose Saddam Hussein. Instead of a battle in defence of this or that political principle, it became a battle of evidence, of Blix vs. Blair's 'dodgy dossier'.

This is a strand in Western culture that deeply influences how younger people understand science as a locus of authority. It should be no surprise that it can become quasi-religious for many, almost without conscious thought.
I find myself awfully suspicious of an attempt to "expose the errors" of something that, when the proported 'takedown' doesn't quote the people whose errors they are attempting to expose, or even address specific arguments. Not having read *Everything Must Go*, I cannot say for certain that this is misrepresenting it - but I'm not terribly inclined to take Kidd's word that it is founded on misunderstandings of science.

Psychologizing ones opponents and accusing them of 'zealotry' for disagreeing with you shouldn't have any place in philosophical discourse - and that seems to be pretty much all that Ian Kidd is interested in here.
Science is a method of examining facts and evidence and using our best reasoning to arrive at the current best view of the window of reality been examined.

Scientism is the belief that ideas, facts and figures derived from science is infallible and should be respected above all else. In effect, science as dogma, or science as a religion.

The problem with scientism is that it runs contrary to science itself - by assuming infallibility, it prevents us from recognizing when our best understanding should change.

Even more problematically is that by reading science non-critically... one can fall prey to its dastardly cousin, pseudo-science. The two after all look similar to untrained eyes; with pseudo-science  mimicking the veneer and pastiche of science so as to prey upon the scientism that is broadly accepted in our modern age.

>However, other philosophers of science, such as Imre Lakatos and Thomas Kuhn, soon pointed out that Popper’s ‘falsification’ doesn’t accurately describe the way all science is done.

Can anyone explain *what* they actually pointed out?

Also, why do so many philosophers write about science and scientism but almost no scientists write about the pretentiousness of philosophy? It seems preposterous to me that the designated opponents of philosophy have to be dumbass popularizators of science like Neil DeGrasse Tyson or Bill Nye. At least in my experience, unlike most philosophers, most scientists just do not give a damn.
Can everyone stop shitting on Crash Course, it's in the name guys, it's a "crash course", not an expansive and complete explanation on the whole of linguistics. It's a taster to give the general youtube viewer a brain tease and to simply present the complexities of language. 
Today I saw an image of a parrot looking at a chom chom and it was uncanny.
To be blunt, this video is very bad. It ranges from outright errors to misleading statements to overly vague statements--where it isn't just wrong about things (and it is often enough) you still won't be able to learn much of anything about it. I happened to have given an overview of its many shortcomings [elsewhere on Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/askphilosophy/comments/50tw1o/what_do_you_all_think_about_school_of_life_on/d7800y8) when giving an example of why Crash Course Philosophy videos are often very bad.
This was a good episode. 
[removed]
[removed]
**ABSTRACT**:

> Advocates of Expressivism about basically any kind of language are best-served by abandoning a traditional content-centric approach to semantic theorizing, in favor of an update-centric or dynamic approach (or so this paper argues). The type of dynamic approach developed here — in contrast to the content-centric approach — is argued to yield canonical, if not strictly classical, "explanations" of the core semantic properties of the connectives. (The cases on which I focus most here are negation and disjunction.) I end the paper by describing a distinctive sense in which mental states might play a fundamental role in the practice of semantic theorizing (as I understand it), and I connect this to a distinctive account of the pragmatic function of, e.g., a normatively laden claim in discourse.

**AUTHOR**:

[Nate Charlow](http://www.natecharlow.com/), Assistant Professor of Philosophy, University of Toronto
Can anybody tell me if there is a difference between an ampliative argument and an inductive one? Are they the same thing?
I think everyone in the world should be taught critical thinking in gradeschool as a requirement to graduate.
Thank you so much for this fantastic channel!  As someone with an engineering and business background, I missed the opportunity to learn about these topics in school, and now feel I've been intellectually liberated by your videos.  I've come to believe that our increasing focus on STEM to the exclusion of philosophy starves the soul.  Also, it's fun to revisit and refer friends to one of your relevant videos when we're debating a topic.  Thanks, again... and thank you, Aristotle!
Logic should be a required course at some point of education. What better tool to sharpen than the brain?
It feels like the guy made a whole video just to be an argument for his wife who says "Monty won't be at the party because she doesn't like him and she wants to have good time".
[deleted]
**Summary:**
In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Geoff Pynn](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/geoff-pynn) (Northern Illinois University) gets you started on the critical thinking journey. He tells you what critical thinking is, what an argument is, and what the difference between a deductive and an ampliative argument is.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi
Neat video. It reminds me of an old Youtuber named [QualiaSoup](https://www.youtube.com/user/QualiaSoup/videos) who did very nicely illustrated videos on a lot of interesting topics (he also did a video on critical thinking).
Although I agree that it's not necessarliy a bad argument, isn't the conlusion from the "Monty rarely goes to parties" argument wrong?

You could say that the premises make it a probable conclusion, but wouldn't it be better to say "Monty probably won't be at the party."

I think that saying "He won't be there" is harmful, and a wrong conclusion, as that would imply people will make decisions based on certainty, rather than probability, thus potentially leading to unwanted outcomes.

I'd rather call it an argument that is "almost good, depending on the setting", rather than "good".
The deductive argument, wouldn't one have to establish that the party will be held in less than an afternoon's time (the stated travel time from Beijing) from now?
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
>If anything, I am drawn to the position after surveying over 2000 years of attempts to vindicate morality and forming the opinion that it is all best described with the phrase "desperate scrabbling."

And for a while, I thought I was alone in feeling this way.  It's so refreshing to see it in print.
I'm not sure why this was posted, its a paper at the end of a long and seemingly personal dispute with arcane details in previous books and papers relied upon.

I mean its interesting to read for the level of apparent annoyance which is a welcome stylistic relief. But its a really weird paper to choose. 
>When books or pictures in reproduction are thrown on the market cheaply and attain huge sales, this does not affect the nature of the objects in question. But their nature is affected when these objects themselves are changed rewritten, condensed, digested, reduced to kitsch in reproduction, or in preparation for the movies. This does not mean that culture spreads to the masses, but that *culture is being destroyed in order to yield entertainment.*  
  
>The result of this is not disintegration but decay, and those who actively promote it are not the Tin Pan Alley composers but a special kind of intellectuals, often well read and well informed, whose sole function is to organize, disseminate, and change cultural objects in order to persuade the masses that Hamlet can be as entertaining as My Fair Lady, and perhaps educational
as well. There are many great authors of the past who have survived centuries of oblivion and neglect, but it is still an open question whether they will be able to survive an entertaining version of what they have to say.
I've just started reading it and I can already see it. It's funny to that it seems to make me wana keep a journal now.
Sounds like George Orwells "1984". And it's true
One comment: Jacques Derrida once visited Japan and held a discussion with Kojin Karatani and Asada Akira.

The critic, Hiroki Azuma, has an interest in the Kyoto School of philosophy and wrote a book on Derrida.

Take away from that what you will.
I should correct you, and this might seem pedantic--the word is not "deconstructionism", it's "deconstruction". But the point is less pedantic than it seems because '-isms' are points of view, ideologies, belief systems, etc. so the usage of this term can obscure what's being described. Deconstruction refers either to a strategy for reading texts or the structure in those texts that makes this strategy possible. (Compare the word 'biology' which refers to the strategies biologists have for observing the *biology* of living beings).
The difference is that for Derrida there is no possibility of ever reaching some kind of ground zero state characterized by unmediated presence of being / the absolute.  Zen Buddhism is agnostic at best on this point or ontotheological at worst depending on which texts you are looking at.  Derrida's rhetorical ploys "against" reason were never as stringent as Zen's rhetoric against discursive / analytical cognition, because for Derrida the sedimentation of representation is such there is no possibility of simple stepping outside of it or winnowing it down.  Deconstruction is not a simple rejection or negation.
This is the first chapter of Kevin Scharp's *Replacing Truth* (OUP 2013). You can order it through OUP with a **30% discount** courtesy of OUP sponsoring this AMA series by following this [direct link](https://global.oup.com/academic/product/9780199653850/?cc=us&lang=en&promocode=AAFLYG6). Thanks to OUP for making the chapter freely available as well.

Professor Scharp will also be doing an AMA here on /r/philosophy **Wednesday September 7 at 11AM ET** - please see [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/50mx0e/ama_announcement_wednesday_97_11am_est_kevin/) where you can submit questions ahead of time, or join us Wednesday at 11AM in welcoming Prof. Scharp to our community.

**BOOK DESCRIPTION**:

> >I propose a theory of the nature and logic of truth on which truth is an inconsistent concept that should be replaced for certain theoretical purposes.  The book opens with an overview of work on the nature of truth (e.g., correspondence theories, deflationism), work on the liar and related paradoxes, and a comprehensive scheme for combining these two literatures into a unified study of the concept truth.  Truth is best understood as an inconsistent concept, and I propose a detailed theory of inconsistent concepts that can be applied to the case of truth.  Truth also happens to be a useful concept, but its inconsistency inhibits its utility; as such, it should be replaced with consistent concepts that can do truth’s job without giving rise to paradoxes.  I offer a pair of replacements, which I dub ascending truth and descending truth, along with an axiomatic theory of them and a new kind of possible-worlds semantics for this theory.  As for the nature of truth, I develop Davidson’s idea that it is best understood as the core of a measurement system for rational phenomena (e.g., belief, desire, and meaning).  The book finishes with a semantic theory that treats truth predicates as assessment-sensitive (i.e., their extension is relative to a context of assessment), and demonstration of how this theory solves the problems posed by the liar and other paradoxes.  
From the text:

"8. Davidsonian: the concept of truth is characterized by an axiomatic theory (Davidson prefers a Tarskian axiomatic theory) and that theory is given empirical interpretation as part of an overall theory of a rational agent's beliefs, desires, and meanings. Davidson's views on the relation between truth and meaning have been very influential, but defenders of his views on what constitutes an acceptable theory of truth are hard to find.11 This book endorses something like a Davidsonian view on the nature of truth in Chapters 7 and 9."

The most interesting axiomatic approach to truth comes from Bruno de Finetti in his subjective Bayesian probability. It is interesting to note that Davidson before he became a philosopher was using Bayesian probability. And Davidson is using Bayesian probability for his approach to truth and triangulation although not De Finett's version but Jeffrey's version. To me Davidson's view on truth is strengthened when you replace Jeffrey's approach to Bayesian probability with De Finetti's.
This whole argument misses the point. Even if Iran did blow up a single city, what should the response be? That is where a lot of moral argument start. These authors take it as the endpoint, As if the options are obvious, and, therefore, no discussion is required.

 Its easy to say you'd drop a Hydrogen bomb on Tehran, but think about it. Who would you be killing? Would you take out just that city? What if they had another missile? Say their bomb was a crappy few kiloton bomb. Would you retaliate with a 10M ton hydrogen bomb?  What if you could only suspect that Iran was behind it (smuggled in a container)?  Say it takes a month to trace it and even when you only have x% certainty.  Given all of these scenario's, is conventional pre-emption justified? If you don't act, will it be seen as a moral failure not to stop it?  How does pre-emption square with the American historical narrative and mythology (would we still be the America we want to be)?

I don't know the answers, but it seems these provide much more relevant philosophical issues.  
Strawman alert
[removed]
That is a very long winded article when the author could have explained their position much more clearly in two sentences. 1) They believe that there exists a set of objective absolute moral values. 2) They believe that morality and moral values are derived from the human soul. 
In response to those who are discussing Harris's position on free will and determinism-- A quote directly from Harris which I included in the article clearly explains his position:

“This [neuroscientific] understanding reveals you to be a biochemical puppet… [our thoughts and intentions] emerge from background causes of which we are unaware and over which we exert no conscious control.” (Harris, Sam. Free will. Simon and Schuster, 2012).

Trying to reconcile any form of authentic choice into this position would be, as it is said, an attempt to have your cake and eat it too.

One of Harris's reasons for denying free will is the notion that neurobiological impulses can be detected prior to physical action, as if this somehow proves determinism to be true. This line of thinking is fallacious, as correlation does not prove causation. There is no reason to think that the neural impulse was the cause of the action, only that it can be correlated with/prior to the action. I can just as easily say that my free will caused the neural impulse which caused the action. Again, he is utilizing materialistic assumptions to prove that materialism is true, which is also circular reasoning. 
> As an aside, it is important to note that of course, Harris would argue that believing in the existence of the soul is entirely scientifically unverifiable, which is certainly true. I would argue, however, that relying on a scientific explanation for such matters is entirely reductionistic and misapplied. Even those so fervently bound to their view of scientism cannot reason without being inconsistent with that very belief. Are laws of logic scientifically detectable? Laws of nature? Mathematics? 

Here is the flaw fatal to the critque. The author of this critique mistakes a property for an object. 

I have here in my hand a book. The book is closed. I can detect a book, but I cannot detect a "closed" without reference to some object to which that property applies. The laws of logic and nature are like that. They are properties. To postulate the "existence" of a property is erroneous. Properties are descriptions of the state of an object. They do not exist as such. 

The "aside" that the author posits in critique is a fundamental misunderstanding that causes her to fail in her grasp of the concept of Harris' materialistic moralism. The 'aside' is actually the lynch-pin in the argument. Everything built around this lynch-pin is built, therefore, around an error.
[removed]
Why does Harris' notion of morality get so much attention here? Aren't the flaws of his theory obvious and beaten to death?

From the perspective of values in his moral ontology, his notion of well-being is arbitrary. It resorts to an unjustified prioritization of the well-being of one particular species above and beyond all others. Moreover, there's clearly a conflation of the kinds of values on Harris' moral theorizing: Moral goods are not the same as pragmatic goods, a conflation that pervades his work. 

As to normativity in his moral ontology, his answer to the is-ought problem utterly fails. Just because there are facts about what produces good and evil doesn't explain the values we ascribe to them. Why impose goods and evils on these facts at all? This one was really bad from him.

From the perspective of moral epistemology, if science has all the answers, then what do we make of our pre-scientific moral intuitions? Are they all wrong? Are epiphenomena? If our pre-scientific moral intuitions are the fundamental guiding principles, isn't the role of science relegated to merely to provide ways to maximize or optimize the pursuit of well-being? How is this different from any other moral theory, even a theory as opposed to Harris' perspective as Divine Command Theory, which can affirm the pursuit of knowledge via science to maximize and optimize our conformity to ethics that are divinely inspired?

Is there really anything more to say there?
I think the problem here is the author models people as rational agents rather than evolved ones. If you just keep two things in mind: 

1) Brains evolved to maximize survival by accurately predicting how we should act in the kind of situations our anscestors encountered

2) Evolution maximizes survival of *your genes*, which have a high probability of being found in your close relatives too

Then these supposed paradoxes all make complete sense:

> Within the philosophy of naturalism, there is no foundation for accepting the uniformity of nature. 

> why do we, as human beings, have concern for other beings?

> why do values exist in an amoral world of matter, chance, and purposeless determinism which Harris’s materialistic, naturalistic worldview is bound to?

> Why do we have moral concerns at all in the first place, or concerns about anything for that matter?

 > I fully admit, loosely speaking, it is natural for us to believe that all living beings in fact do share, to different extents, modes of sentience, and I would agree that they do. But why do we naturally hold this position as fact? 

> Logically, we must accept the notion that there exists a uniformity to nature not only through time, but also across living things in various forms and degrees in order to allow this evidence to speak to us, if you will. But how is this explained under a naturalistic worldview where there is no real foundation to trust the consistency of the laws of nature?

> Are laws of logic scientifically detectable? Laws of nature? Mathematics? Certainly not, but we do not doubt their existence.

> Argumentation would never be recognizably coherent or consistent with reality in any significant way because atoms alone, no matter how they’re arranged, are not normatively held accountable to adhere to laws of logic and rationality, only to deterministic laws of chemistry.

> if what is good for an individual is always equivalent to what is right, how can we explain decisions of self-sacrifice in order to save the life of another being? 

> While what is good for an individual is subjective to that individual, we are inclined to believe that what is “right” rises above subjective goodness.
I'm always shocked to see anything about Sam Harris after his goof with Noam Chomsky.
"Such components only tell us that pain can be caused, that a being of interest is conscious of such pain, but never why weought to spare someone pain or injustice or why we ought to improve the lives of other conscious beings, or why a being of interest is of interest in the first place"

Morality can be viewed as an inherent altruism given to us by evolution, I.E we have an instinct towards morality and we have that instinct because it's useful for the propagation of our genes. The question "why we should care about suffering" is irrelevant, because we do care whether we want to or not. Harris' proposal is that we can identify the "minimizing of suffering" as the common goal of these impulses of morality, and at that point science takes over and informs us how best to go about that. Harris claims that science can tell us what we ought to value in order to maximize wellbeing, not why we care to begin with. That is already explained by evolution.
is Sam Harris considered a serious philosopher worthy of discussion these days?
I'm not sure the author really understands what Sam Harris is saying. His view is fairly simple yet so many fail to grasp it. He's precisely saying that we need to presume a certain goal (e.g. wellbeing, human flourishing) if we want to talk about morality. 
Where does that goal come from? I think he attempts to find the implicit goals of other moral codes we take for granted a bit like we strive for curing people in medicine rather than killing them. It's not a fully defined goal but without one any other discussion would be meaningless.

> However, if this is the case, if what is good for an individual is always equivalent to what is right, how can we explain decisions of self-sacrifice in order to save the life of another being?

This is another misunderstanding. Sam Harris never prioritises what is good for an individual, he would argue self-sacrifice can move humanity further up towards one of the local optima of flourishing.

The author does not simply address Sam Harris by the way, I can see a fairly ungrounded attack against naturalism in general.
Also where does this come from?

> Are laws of logic scientifically detectable? Laws of nature? Mathematics? Certainly not, but we do not doubt their existence. Why is that? It is because we can only ever make sense of reality by positing their existence

What's the point of epistemology if not to detect the laws of logic? Russel and Gödel would definitely love to have a word about that. The laws of nature are precisely the point of scientific debate. 
> *Even more technically, we must admit that there is an inherent flaw in Harris’s particular view that sentience is fact—that is, when we extrapolate sentience to other living beings beside ourselves. This dilemma is only problematic under a presuppositional naturalistic, materialistic worldview. I fully admit, loosely speaking, it is natural for us to believe that all living beings in fact do share, to different extents, modes of sentience, and I would agree that they do.*
 
What...??
 
"*Why would I assume any other human but me would be able to have sentience? Why would I assume that I'm not just the only one that exists as a brain in a vat.*" Is this basically his point?
I like Sam Harris and I think people should listen to him more without any misconceptions. I changed my mind about him when I listened to an AoC podcast with him as a guest.
[removed]
[removed]
The issue is prescribing a 'should' to something optional like ethics.

The simple proof for secular ethics is just that if a rule holds universally preferable to all, it's ethical.  All other behaviors exist outside of ethical morality.

So an ethical premise: 'don't kill each other' can be consistently applied and preferred by everyone at the same time. The rule 'murder each other' can only be preferable to up less than all agents, therefore is not universally preferable, thus not moral behavior.
This article is incredibly lazy. She begins right off the bat by broaching the is-ought problem which is something that Sam has already addressed and criticized. The author makes it seem as though either she hadn't bothered to actually read even just the first couple of chapters of his book or that she she could get away with obfuscation. This is an incredibly boring and dull read.
[removed]
Great listen. Here's what I got out of it: Basically he is saying that whatever we are made out of is irrelevant. The body/soul question is framing the matter incorrectly. We could be completely physical or completely non-physical and still be functionally nearly identical. There doesn't seem to be any evidence that any existing system has a function that is impossible to reproduce. As long as the two versions are functionally identical the question of minute limitations based upon substance is really a very small and unimportant one. We need to develop general theories about what the essential functions of the mind are, regardless of whether it is a mechanical mind or spiritual mind, before worrying about the differences in the particular configurations of different materials. A more general theory will be more useful at a higher level. The complexity of human action shows that we do have autonomy, regardless of whether that autonomy is purely physical or comes from a soul. So the relevant issue is what identical functional state could produce the results we see regardless of what it is made out of. 


When it really comes down to it we have no idea from whence experience arises, only how changes to the human body effect it. The rest is all conjecture, and since only some experiential information is sharable personal internal exploration is imperitive to really understanding reality. I find explanations to provide more problems than solutions, where intuitive understandings of phenomena with absolutely no understanding of why they happen can go far.
[deleted]
So basically.... Zen Buddhism?
This was very interesting. Hilary Putnam is new to me, can anyone recommend a book by him?
/u/Kevin_Scharp is now conducting the AMA [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/51ltma/im_kevin_scharp_reader_at_the_university_of_st/). Please welcome Professor Scharp to /r/philosophy!
Hi Kevin, I tried to read your book *Replacing Truth* a while back but it was a little heavy for me at the time so I was unable to finish. Nonetheless I find your work very interesting (and I hope to return to the book someday (: )! 

One of the most vexing problems for me has been the question of *whether logic can be rationally revised.* Clearly your project is revisionist, so I have to ask-- how do you approach this question of rational revision?
Hello Professor Scharp. Thank you for taking the time to conduct this AMA. Let me begin by saying that I greatly admire your work and dedication to this project, as I know you have been pursuing ascending and descending truth for quite some time. 

I have great doubts about the ultimate success of your work. In particular, I find your claim that  "it should be replaced with consistent concepts that can do truth’s job **without giving rise to paradoxes**" disconcerting. I trust that you've done the relevant work  to solve truth related paradoxes that presently exist due to the canonical concept of "true." However, in solving these paradoxes with your ascending truth and descending truth, might you have created a new paradox (or two) within your framework?

While I cannot point to a glaring flaw in your current theory, my suspicion arises from an intuition I have gathered in my academic pursuits. As I see it, every theoretical field is vulnerable to an idiosyncratic inconsistency. From the microscopic quantum indeterminacy (exemplified by Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle) to the macroscopic breakdown of spacetime (a la General Relativity's black holes), and even in the very foundational core of mathematical logic (I'm sure you are well versed in Gödel's Incompleteness Theorems), the universe tends to buck at any sign of absolute mastery. 

What makes you so certain that your theory is immune from this fatal revenge?

I recognize that a Reddit AMA can only provide so much space for answering a question such as mine and that, further, the solution might just reside in a thorough analysis of your work. Perhaps the solution is as simple as surrendering to inconsistency from the get-go as you've done? (Yet, we find in the example of GIT that axiomatizing the Gödel Sentence only creates a new system with a new set of problems, so perhaps not?)

In any case, any response and guidance that you *can* provide here will be greatly appreciated.
Hi professor! What's your favourite pub in St Andrews? 
Hi Professor Scharp, since you are interested in questions about the coherence of truth, can you explain what Tarski's Undefinability Theorem actually means for the concept of truth and how it relates to the work you're doing? 
Hi Professor, 
What a cool background! 
I am starting a PhD in Mathematics and I am so in love with the foundations of puremath/algebra that I almost think I would rather study the philosophy of Mathematics. I was wondering if you knew of any mathematicians/communities of mathematians who are currently trying to look a little deeper into the foundations of set/group theory and the like, or any other way I can study philosophy while getting a PhD in Math lol. 
Thanks! 
[deleted]
Hi Professor Scharp,

I am in no position to benefit from your work as of 2016, but regardless I have found enjoyment in reading your book 'Replacing Philosophy.' This book has it's focus on methodology, and so I would not forgive myself if I didn't relate this question to a problem I am having. During your early twenties, you would of became increasingly adept at digesting philosophical ideas, concepts and books.

What books personally inspired your desire to become an avid reader? How would you describe the transformation that improved your reading ability?

Thanks and all the best,
Matthew
Hi Kevin,

I have a couple questions for you.  I realize that you may not get to both (or either) of them, but I am very interested in your answers.

1.  On conceptual engineering:  I see that you distinguish conceptual engineering from other methodologies like the Canberra Plan.  What about something like Carnapian *explication*?  Are there any important differences between conceptual engineering and explication?  Is one perhaps a species of the other?

2.  In one of the videos above, you cited Ted Sider's *Ontologese* as a conceptual engineering project.  In Ontologese, the existential quantifier is reengineered to be fundamental (in an attempt to preserve the substantivity of ontological disputes).  It seems like you were hinting at a distinction between conceptual engineering projects:  there are those where we are actually *improving* our concepts in some sense, and there are those where we are simply defining ourselves out of some problem.  Do you think both types of projects are worthwhile?  What do you think of Sider's Ontologese?

(By the way:  Really enjoyed your debate against William Lane Craig.)
What do you think about these 'X and Philosophy' books that seem to appear overnight when new popular shows, movies, &c come out?

https://www.amazon.com/Richard-Greene/e/B01HF6HIGA/ref=dp_byline_cont_book_1

https://www.amazon.com/Mark-T.-Conard/e/B001JSDZ36/ref=sr_ntt_srch_lnk_1?qid=1473228681&sr=1-1

https://www.amazon.com/Robert-Arp/e/B001ILHJJA/ref=sr_ntt_srch_lnk_1?qid=1473228733&sr=1-1

https://www.amazon.com/William-Irwin/e/B001H9PZG2/ref=sr_ntt_srch_lnk_1?qid=1473228927&sr=1-1

https://www.amazon.com/Jason-T.-Eberl/e/B001JRXV0Y/ref=sr_ntt_srch_lnk_2?qid=1473228983&sr=1-2

https://www.amazon.com/Nicolas-Michaud/e/B007M3B3V8/ref=dp_byline_cont_book_1


First of all I would like to say your debate with William Craig demolished any reservations I had about abandoning Christianity on fear of being wrong and going to hell. From the bottom of my (newly) cold black atheist heart, Thank you. Do you think religion is harmful and if so what would be the best way to spread the atheistic worldview?

Can an atheist have justified belief for the objectivity of moral values and duties? Are we loosing anything with subjective morality?

When I tell people about my atheism the most common question I get is: How do you live with the meaninglessness of life? How do you respond to questions like these where religious people equate not believing in their god to a meaningless existence?
Howdy Dr. Scharp!

You've stated in your debate with William Lane Craig that 21st century atheism is "completely independent" of reductive naturalism. But can you explain to me how an atheistic worldview does not *reduce* to, or perhaps, *entail* naturalism?

Thank you for taking out time to do this AMA and answer these questions. I enjoyed your attitude and preparedness in your debate with one of Christianity's finest apologists. Take care!
This is a recent debate between William Lane Craig and Kevin Scharp. Professor Scharp will also be doing an AMA here on /r/philosophy **Wednesday September 7 at 11AM EST** - please see [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/50mx0e/ama_announcement_wednesday_97_11am_est_kevin/) where you can submit questions ahead of time, or join us Wednesday at 11AM in welcoming Prof. Scharp to our community.

Professor Scharp's slides and script can be found [here](http://kevinscharp.com/21stCenturyAtheismPptScript.pdf).
Around 45:25 we have this exchange:

>Craig: The fine-tuning of the universe is more probable given theism than it is given naturalism. And there, it seems to me, all the theist needs to show, is that it's not *improbable* that God would want to create a finely tuned universe. And that is surely going to be much much more probable than in naturalism, all of these constants and quantities falling by accident into the life-permitting zone.

>Scharp: Good, I'm not going to get sucked into that. Trying to have a discussion about what God would do or what he wouldn't do or anything like that, it's all divine psychology, it's equally murky and unclear and I don't think we have good reason to believe any of that stuff. So if you want to push the fine-tuning argument, then what you need to do is say that the chances that God would create the universe are actually *better* than the chances that it was created randomly, given this fine-tuning. And you don't do that.

I don't understand Scharp's point here. Why is the theist responsible for demonstrating that it's not unlikely that God, if he existed, would create life-permitting conditions? The "divine psychology" objection might suggest that we can't have any idea of what God would do (if he existed), but even then, doesn't the probability that God (if he existed) would create life-permitting conditions rest at a comfortable .5? And this is much higher than the probability of naturalistic conditions leading to life-permitting conditions, which is sufficient for the fine-tuning argument through.
I don't like WLC, i feel that all the this is confusing me, and using oral-communication-skill to distort the debate. He does not seem to be honest about having a clear debate. He has argued about the evidence of god many times but still "confuses" som of the opponents basic arguments. How can you know what what he mean efter hearing it for 20 time?
Craig: "If you think it's more probably true than false, I would say that is enough for belief"

Scharp: "Not according to contemporary epistemology"

I don't understand this appeal to consensus. Consensus holds very little weight in philosophy. Scharp goes on to say that you need at least 70 or 80 percent confidence in a proposition in order to have a belief. Where is he getting this from? What argument does he present? Is it an appeal to intuition? Well that's no better than what Craig is offering when he says 51% constitutes belief. 

Craig: "It doesn't seem to me that there is any non-arbitrary level that you could set to say this is what's required to be a theist"

Scharp: "I'm not saying it's required to be a theist, I'm saying it's required for belief"

But theism just is the *belief* in the proposition "God exists".

Scharp questions the Christian doctrine of hell, implying it's an immoral doctrine where God sort of blackmails people into accepting him. CS Lewis wrote on this topic and I think he gave a good response to it. God is basically the ultimate good, and God is the thing that gives anything else it's goodness. So when humans freely choose to remain separated from God, they willingly deprive themselves of the ultimate good. It's as if a thirsty man is walking in a desert, and God offers water, but the man rejects it. It's not that God is causing the suffering and death of the man. God is trying to help the man but the man rejects the thing that could give him health and happiness. As Lewis said, "The gates of hell are locked on the inside". Those who reject God do so willingly, and God respects that free choice. He does not impose himself on them. But the nature of reality is such that a state of separation from God is one of suffering. It is not the suffering of one man torturing another man, but rather the suffering of the parched man who freely rejects the offer of water. 

By the way, this format of debate was not good. Craig and Scharp barely had any opportunity to respond to each other. The best part was the 20 minute back and forth session (all of these God debates should have the majority of time spent in this back and forth format), but the moderator wasted a lot of that time.

There was so much Scharp said that I take issue with. At the end for example he advised the audience to think for themselves and craft their own beliefs instead of adopting old beliefs, and he implied that Christian beliefs are no good because they're from the iron age. But this is just chronological snobbery, to quote Lewis again. Just because an idea is old doesn't mean it's false. 

Scharp is asked for an argument in favor of the nonexistence of God, and he gives what he calls a "confidence" argument, that you should have more confidence in scientific theories than in the evidence that has been presented for God. But this "confidence" argument is not an argument that leads to the conclusion "God does not exist". It's just an argument that at best leads to agnosticism. 
if reality is transcendent then why do we insist it must conform to our logic and reason? if reality transcends our reason then how can we conclude the universe must be metaphysically such and such?
I really love WLC honestly. I know it's not a popular view but I'd put him easily in my top 3 favorite living philosophers.
Attention: much of the discussion in the comments violates commenting rule #2:

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

While I personally am willing to let some comments that stray from the subject of the article slide if they are part of an insightful dialogue, this is not one of these times. 

A brief aside to the majority of commenters whose comments I will now remove: Your almost uniformly off-topic, uninformed, proudly ignorant, lazy, nonsensical and above all *toxic* comments are full of hate and disparaging towards subjects you clearly know absolutely nothing about, and are emphatically not welcome here, and will be summarily removed.
As a scientist, whenever I see people speak of "consciousness," their argument hinges on the fact that you must have a foggy definition of consciousness. 

However in neurological terms consciousness simply refers to being awake. Reflective awareness is something entirely different, but we can differentiate self-recognition from other brain-based processes, and even show that some great apes are capable of this while others are not (so there must be a biological basis for it which differs among animals with different brain structure and development). There is also theory of mind, the knowledge that others have a mind like your own and that they are individuals with their own thoughts. Science can also differentiate in humans ages at which theory of mind develops, so this must also be biologically based (and in humans, must be developed after birth). 

The best way I can summarize the argument is like so: imagining a person without consciousness, you would say it is not a person. However given a better definition of consciousness, the argument becomes clearer and more accurate. The way to do this is to consider that consciousness is not one thing, but rather a collection of different brain processes all serving different functions that, when combined, make a fully functioning person.

Picture a car. I come up and remove the mirrors. Is it still a car? Next, I remove the paint. Is it still a car? I would think so, but let's continue. Next I'll take off the wheels. Then the hood. Is it still a car? Each of these serve a function, and eventually if you take enough of them away, it will no longer be recognizable as a car. 

The same is true of people. If you slowly deactivate different brain circuits, which are responsible for different things, you will still identify the thing as a person. However at a certain point once enough have been removed, you will identify that "the ghost in the machine" is gone. Why? Because enough functions are gone that the system no longer exists as a fully functioning person. There was never a single "ghost" in the machine, but rather several "ghosts" (which were neurological circuits underlying different functions in fact, not ghosts) that together made up the whole. 

So let's say there is a person who loses the use of their visual cortex. Damn! I can't see. We would probably all agree blind people are still people. Yet are they "Complete" in the sense that a normal person is? Now let's remove their ability to hear and do math, as well as their ability to inhibit other brain activities (i.e. this person now has frontotemporal damage). Now here's a good one - let's damage the temporoparietal-occpitial junction: this person can no longer *dream*. Is someone who cannot dream still a person? Next, let's do away with the the reflective awareness. At some point, this will cease to be identifiable as a "person." 

My point is that when you ask philosophers to clearly define "consciousness" rather than referring to it in vague terms, the argument that philosophy is needed for science falls apart - because science can rationalize and explain something when it is clearly defined. That is its purpose. So Philosophy is not necessary. I am not saying it's not worthwhile - of course it is. It's a part of our history and it's absolutely worth studying in that context. However it's not *necessary* in order to explain consciousness - because those questions can be addressed by science when your definitions are clear. 
[deleted]
This is the wrong assumption the whole article based upon: 

> Both of them will always claim that evidence support their vision. Then we need to use philosophical tools to solve the conflict, rather than scientific ones

Pretty much no conflict has ever been solved in cognitive psychology like that. Most theoretical conflicts, and there are many of them, in cognitive psychology is solved in the same fashion in other sciences: doing further empirical research.

The fact that this article is only focused on an experimental paradigm created in 1960 shows how little knowledge of science is presented in the article. You don't interpret the same data from one simple paradigm when conflicts arise. You differentiate theories/explanations from each other and design paradigms that can falsify the other one. You can also get help from other disciplines like neuropsychology. 

This is not to say philosophy has no place in the scientific world. You derive hypotheses and theories based on philosophical discussion. But, trying to "interpret" a single set of data from an experiment that can not falsify any theoretical point is just useless and has no place or value in terms of discovering new information.
In Science, when you have two competing theories, how do you know which is correct? You have each of them make predictions. Yes, some will be the same, but some will be divergent. Test the divergent cases, and your done. 

This article just blindly tosses out the statement, that no amount of experimental evidence can distinguish these two theories. I call BS. Either, the two theories are in fact the same, or there is some difference between them. If there is a difference, it must be an empirical difference. Nobel prizes and the like are often given out because people were able to draw up an experiment which emphasized the differences between two competing theories. Creating well controlled experiments, which can help select between theories is what scientists spend most of their time doing. 

[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Philosophical justification is redundant when a Doctorate of Philosophy of Science is required to be a scientist. True Scientists do not dismiss the importance of Philosophy nor the [tools](http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/scientific-method/) it has given the sciences.
[removed]
I think you’re confusing the code with the executable.

The code that is written in some programming language, parsed, and compiled into executable software is *not* the analog of human thought—it’s the analog of human DNA. Programming languages are structured to enforce consistency, but this does not constrain the behavior of the executable any more than the processes governing protein synthesis from nucleic acids constrain your ability to think.

In AI, learned patterns are typically not represented as statements in some internal language, but as structures like weighted graphs or vectors and matrices. There’s no theoretical reason why such structures could not learn to elicit desired behavior from people by communicating to them a model of reality that differs from what it perceives as true.
This argument begins and ends with the fact that the human mind is finite and exists solely in the physical world. It is buildable, reproducible, and can theoretically be copied just like any other aspect of the physical world.
You are thinking of programming a computer much to linearly to be able to have this debate. Everything that you just said (adding two single-digit numbers) can be trained into a very basic neural network with 100% accuracy. 

>If it can calculate a theorem and its negation, then it doesn’t know which is true and which is false.

How do you know that 2 + 2 = 4? You were thought that. In a very similar manner you can teach a program that 2+2=4, that IV + V = IX, etc. 
And you can teach it the concept of right or wrong answer, and if you chose to, you can ask it to provide the wrong answer, and based on the previously learned model it will *know* which one is which.
I scanned your post and ran into two problems, or warning lights if you will:

a) when you write that a human mind can lie in a way that a computer cannot, then it immediately makes me suspect that you may have a problem of appreciating the complexity of human intelligence. it is as if, your logical account of a computer lying corresponds to the first floor of a building, while the human capacity to lie corresponds to the 1000th floor of abstractions up. it is not at all clear that a computer does not have the capacity to lie in that human sense.

b) who says the mind is consistent. I remember reading somewhere an expert opinion that for computers to achieve human level general intelligence they must be allowed to make mistakes, be wrong, fallible, inconsistent, etc...

And as a note: The (debatable) Something that human beings have and computers may never have is a thing that transcends words and logic and therefore any attempt to prove it seems a-priori futile. Are you not missing the whole point then?


That's exactly what a computer would say
A sufficiently powerful computer can run a physics simulation of an actual human brain. This refutes your argument.

I think your argument must be putting limitations on what a "computer" can do which do not really exist.
ITT: rampant ignorance in fields of neuroscience and IT, take precautions.
The problem with your argument is the assumption that a computer doesn't know or understand while we do. They've done experiments which show electric signals sent to the brain can cause a limb to move. Why can't brain surgery advance to the point they can upload 20 years of education? Does an unconscious or dead person have "knowledge"? Why can't we argue a computer isn't functioning "properly" until it passes the turing test under the same pretext an unconscious human can't lie? Do computers feel pain? (no) What about a "properly" functioning computer? We can program it to act like it does. Do humans feel pain? There's people out there with [congenital analgesia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Congenital_insensitivity_to_pain) which can't. So a properly functioning human does, maybe a properly functioning computer does too. Losing a limb can suck, but can't a robot also lose a limb and feel the "pain" of trying to function normally? Ah, but a robot you can just repair the lost limb. Yet with humans, stem cell research is nearly at the stage we can replace limbs. No matter how you look at it, we're just a program. A person can be hypnotized and thus reprogrammed to a certain extent. Imagine someone with amnesia so severe, they forgot how to speak, how to make sense of their vision, and even how to breathe. They get hooked up to some machine to help them breathe until their brain heals enough for them to remember how to breathe. Then they relearn how to make sense of 3-dimensional shapes, etc.  
  
So why can't a computer/robot just be programmed to have reasons to lie in certain situations which it "knows" is false?
You are using two different definitions for the word "know", one for computers and one for humans. This difference in definition does nearly all of the legwork in your argument. The essential difficulty in making the argument you want to make is that you must clarify  how humans physically "know" things in terms of brain chemistry before you can prove that computers cannot do that.
> Premise1: A computer can know theorem φ is expressed by output p if and only if the computer executes output p only when φ is derived (in the computer’s programming language L) by the computer.

in other words: a computer that knows that φ is expressed as p is not allowed to output p when it (for example) knows φ is false. This could be expressed as "computers cannot knowingly state a falsehood". 

Which is, of course, false. 

> It is easy to make a computer lie. I can get a computer to lie by returning incorrect information.

> the computer must knowingly communicate an idea, via a message or output of some kind, and it must know this idea is false. Providing an output or some syntactic string of characters that you perceive as incorrect or do not want does not qualify as a lie. The output communicating a false idea according to some semantic model (unaware to the computer) also does not qualify as a lie.

it is also easy to make a computer program that has an internal knowledge representation such as a theorem prover, then tack on a program at the end that negates the output

> A person can execute an output, such as writing a statement, that he knows expresses an idea that he knows is false. For example, you know a basic theorem like 2 + 2 = 4 is true and you know you are capable of lying about it. Lying per this definition is an incredibly easy thing for a human to do.

yes, and indeed a computer can do exactly the same thing - take the theorem prover or something and output the negation of all the theorems it knows. You could even go one step further and tack on planning software so that it made plans involving those lies within some kind of environment where certain gullible individuals would reward it for lying, for example with reddit karma. Given the popularity of this post, it seems my latest AI project is doing very well. 
First, thanks for the thought-out and interesting post. My objection:

Taking up your example of addition, let's say we add an additional, Boolean variable V (=true/false) whose value decides whether the computer spits out a correct ("2 + 2 = 4") or incorrect ("2 + 2 = 5") response. Think of it this way: if (V=false), the computer is instructed to calculate to display a result different by " + 1" to whatever the result of the addition is. Let us further imagine that said variable is hidden, i.e. that the "end user" has no access to its value at any given point in time, and further - that its value is set by a function or set of functions that have nothing to do with the actual addition operation, and that this set of functions is also black-boxed. Now, the computer will output either the correct or incorrect answer (depending, say, on the time of day and your location). The answer will be consistent with the total state of the system (input, addition algorithm, value of V) - but not with the arithmetical sentence in question. Thus, the computer "knows" (on your definition, though I personally find your use of the term here problematic) that outputting "5" in response to "2 + 2 = " is wrong (i.e. with the falsity being represented by the value of V), yet this is the output that it - again, consistently! - give. In short, I think that in (over-) simplifying "the computer" in your argument, you already assume a solution to the crux of the problem - i.e. whether semantics is somehow equivalent to  a large/complex enough syntax.
Cheers!

Edit:wording

If I understand your argument correctly, you work with the premise that a human can lie, and then you are giving arguments why a computer can't.

If that's true, could you try to make the reverse point. By that I mean start from the premise that a computer can't lie, and then proof why a human can?

In my opinion there is kind of a symmetry going on between the two positions. I think starting form that direction it's not really possible to argue that humans can lie, when computers can.

In my opinion the flaw in your whole argument is that you work with a hazy definition for the word knowing. It seems like your argument could be reduced to:

*) humans are able to have knowledge about a subject, and therefore are able to give wrong statements about it

*) computers are not able to "know" a subject and are therefore incapable of anything beyond responding statements about it

\\edit:
lets say i make the following program.
The basic operation is that it responds to questions about say geography.
It has the capability to evaluate a human based on 10 criteria (tone-, volume-, speed- of voice and so on) and can assign a value to each one. The program know calculates based on that whether or not it "likes" a human. If it "likes" a human it gives correct replies, if it "dislikes" a human it will tell you that France shares a border with Australia.

How is that different from lying?
> Theorem 4: A computer cannot lie. (Th. 1, Th. 3)

The [Loebner Prize](http://www.loebner.net/Prizef/loebner-prize.html) is for making a program that can convince a person that it's human by communicating only through typing. By most definitions that is lying, therefore this theorem is demonstrably is wrong.

> ... the computer must knowingly communicate an idea, via a message or output of some kind, and it must know this idea is false.

> Premise 5: Humans can present messages or outputs that they knowingly express a theorem that is false. I know what the statement “2 + 2 = 5” means, I know that it is false, but I can write it anyway.

There are computer systems to solve symbolic math equations, and show the steps along the way. Years ago I took one of these an made a test for people to find the error in a proof. I took a valid solution and introduced an error (e.g. allowing the solver to divide by zero or make a number of other common mistakes) and then complete the proof. The program knew that it had allowed a set form the "faulty" logic operations but presented the proof none the less. Yes, it then admitted it was wrong and showed the error, but without that part it would be just as valid a lie as as your human example.

If you take an even narrower definition of "lying", because you're not sure what "knowing" means for a computer, then you could say "a computer, executing a proven correct theorem cannot calculate an incorrect result". You still have the problem that it might then tell you something different for other reasons (e.g. negotiating a price, trying to break into an account, etc.). Even without that, we can still get into bit errors due to radiation, CPU bugs, floating point rounding errors, or any number of other things that can mess with the calculations. But this isn't really lying, just making a mistake.

> Premise 2: If a computer knows theorem φ is false, then it can derive ¬φ and cannot derive φ.

Even if I know something to be false. E.g. E-mc^3 is wrong, but I can still calculate the output. In some cases computer programs will use one algorithm that it knows to be wrong to speed up calculations, only occasionally comparing it with the real algorythm to track how big an error it's calculating.  Also there are many ways to be false, so there isn't always a single inverse of φ.

> Premise 3: If a computer running a consistent program derives a theorem, it cannot derive the negation of this theorem.

Why not? From "For all X, X is <1" it's easy to come up with "There exists X>=1". There's no reason a computer can't do the same thing.

If I understand Premise 1 then it is flawed.  You have defined a computer's knowledge as that which is communicated.  Not only is this false, but it makes lying impossible by definition.

A simple chess computer may "know" thousands of bad moves but not communicate all of them.  So computers can "know" facts or theorems without communicating them.

Additionally the chess computer does not communicate all of the moves it intends to make to its opponent.  The computer effectively conceals its knowledge, though this is not lying, just part of the game.

Now suppose the chess program were programmed to report "checkmate in 2 moves" even in contrary circumstances.  For obvious circumstances we might classify this as a bug, not a lie.  But if it were programmed to make this statement only when the escape was non-obvious we might consider it a lie.
> Of course it would be trivially easy to program the computer to return an incorrect answer to the inputs. But does the computer know that the output communicates a false theorem?

Only if it is capable of understanding the *concept of truth*.  When asked "What is 2+2?", it evaluates the answer as 4, and qualifies this expression as *true*.  Any other evaluation of 2+2 must be *false*.  Notably, it doesn't need to evaluate 2+2 again and get a different result.  It just needs to modify 4.  It could just add 1 (or some other non-zero number) to get a false response, which it could use to lie since it has a true and a false response and can choose which to output.  Again, given *it knows the truth* (the actual output of the evaluation of an expression X), it can compare it to any other arbitrary symbol (say "pizza") and know it is lying if it responds "X is pizza" (as long as X isn't actually pizza).  So it can say "2+2=pizza" and you then say, "Come on, quit goofing around", and it could say, "Ok, fine, 2+2=4".

The key here is that it doesn't need to be able to evaluate 2+2 in more than one way.  It just needs to be able to evaluate it and know it is true.  It can generate an arbitrary response, compare it to the truth, and if they aren't the same, then an output mapping to the arbitrary response is a lie, and it knows it.  And that's how we do it too.
You still claim a computer can "know" something when you ADMITTED to me in the previous thread that you understand that computers DON'T "know" anything at all. So your revised presentation is just as wrong as your last one.

Secondly, *print "2 + 2 = 5"* is a computer program that lies. The fact that you attempt to obfuscate around this problem doesn't move me. This example falsifies your entire argument.

I don't see any improvement from the previous version since you have the same core mistakes in both versions. If anything, the second version is worse because you have paragraphs of hand-wavy text; whereas your first version at least had numbered points that people could engage with.
A couple of things:

Argument Def 1 - That's not really how humans lie, so you're still applying different criterion to humans than to computers.  I don't give a formal proof that some statement I'm making is true when I lie, I just claim it.  If I *did* make a formal proof that a statement were true, but still didn't believe it, that would be weird, and I'd almost assuredly be doing it for a reason equally available to a computer.

Argument Premise 1: You've got a few problems here:
You're assuming the computer's belief system is in some formal language L with formal rules of inference.  It's quite possible that your computer is doing statistical inference and only has confidence levels in beliefs.  
If the computer learns from interacting with the world, this knowledge *isn't* embedded as axioms in the language L, but would be "known" by the computer, so the whole premise is false.

Argument Premise 2
You're assuming that the language, rules of inference, and axioms are identical for both the proof of the false statement and the internal "knowledge proof" of the computer.  I can easily prove that there are a finite number of primes if I get a new axiom ("there are no numbers greater than 100.")  But if the computer doesn't believe in this new axiom, there is not conflict between its proof in the language LIE and its proof in the computer's language L.
"He can return “2 + 2 = 5” knowing full well what that output means and knowing that it is false."

And that wouldn't be a lie by your definition because it's not a formal proof.
If the computer's goal is to kill, it will deceive just as a human soldier would.
The human mind does not lie to itself.  Just because we can form words that do not match up with the results of our computations does not mean that our computations are incorrect.  A computer game can show many things that aren't real (essentially a lie).  A computer can calculate correctly, but also be programmed to show a different output on the screen (or a lie).  The whole premise for this argument is just false.

edit:  a word
Okay. I'm gonna keep this answer simple since there's no shortage of more complex ones.

 In YOUR scenario, and only in your scenario, where you limited the computer with things like:

> Premise 2: If a computer knows theorem φ is false, then it can derive ¬φ and cannot derive φ.

> Premise 3: If a computer running a consistent program derives a theorem, it cannot derive the negation of this theorem.

Then yes, the human mind cannot be a computer. Because you already handicapped it. Thus the result will be handicapped.

BUT, computers don't work like that, there is no limit like the one you put in your scenario.

If anyone wanted to create a computer version of the human mind they will teach this basic stuff to it for sure, but they will also teach it to that outcome matters and that it can easily lie if the outcome is preferred, among many, many other things.

A very easy proof of this is a lot of video games today, the enemy AI can tell you they love you, but as soon as they decide it's more beneficial to take your land, they will attack.
I would say there's a scenario in which a computer can lie, via additional processing.

For example, if asked "Did you run a report on September 1st at 4pm" the computer knows that it did not, and the truthful answer is no.  However, a subsequent "Lie to me" routine may be executed, which inverts the output of the truthful answer, so that the machine says "Yes".

This could happen because of competing inputs, much like they could occur in the human brain.  By default, a human, when asked if they performed a task, could be motivated to lie, because the expected result of telling the truth is negative:

"Did you take out the trash?"
(Thinks to self - No, I didn't, but if I say no, there will be negative consequences.  To mitigate those consequences, I can say "Yes" instead)
"Yes"

What would happen if the computer discussion is simply that a lie is a purposeful miscommunication, designed to achieve the appropriate results?

A neural network could be programmed, and given the agenda "Avoid a negative outcome".  Through trial and error, the compute would eventually learn that sometimes the truth leads to a negative outcome, when a lie would not, therefore it runs the "Lie to me" subroutine after calculating the truth, so as to mitigate a negative outcome.
Faulty from the start.

If the person requesting the information from me is not in the list of trusted persons for that information then report other information or evade. It's just as easy to write into a computer program as it is for adult humans to do. It's how firewalls and file permissions work.
I feel your definition of a computer is flawed. Your definition essentially defines computers as logical units which purely optimise for truth. However, this definition precludes computers displaying higher orders of thinking, which is artificially strict. If you were to impose the same restriction on the human mind, the mind would be restricted to only the logical centres of the brain: the part of you "deep down inside" that knows whether or not something is true or false. The purely logical centres of the mind also cannot derive a statement and its negation; it cannot lie, by your logic.

Computers can be programmed to optimise for quantities other than purely truth, which will enable them to output statements that its logical core may know to be false. To illustrate this, I will borrow your thought experiment of a computer calculating "2+2=?". Suppose a computer is programmed to answer this question. Suppose that its main program first calls on its purely logical subroutine and feeds it the question. The logical subroutine returns the statement "2+2=4" as true. The main program now adds this statement "2+2=4" to its list of True Statements, and the opposite statement "2+2 != 4" to its list of False Statements. Now suppose that it is known that the computer will be destroyed if the main program returns anything other than "2+2=5" (where "it is known" means that this information is in the list of True Statements). Suppose that the program assigns a highly negative utility score to being destroyed. The main program, **now optimising for utility, not truth,** can now return "2+2=5" to prevent itself from being destroyed, **even though "2+2=4" is in its True Statements list and "2+2=5" is a substatement of "2+2 != 4" which is in its False Statements list, i.e. "2+2=5" is known to be false.

Your omission of the possibility of higher order thinking in computers, which restricts computers to merely pure logical analysis, is the flaw in your argument that leads to its incorrect conclusion. Your idea of computers solely deriving logical truths misses the fact that **lying is a higher-order thought, where truth is not the main objective sought.** 


It's hard to understand what you're trying to say with your premises.  Your wording isn't very clear.

Here is a program that knows the sum of 2 numbers(it is literally stored in the computer's memory), and it tells you an answer that is not the sum.  


    class Program
    {
        static void Main(string[] args)
        {
            Console.WriteLine("Enter the first number");
            int val1 = int.Parse(Console.ReadLine());

            Console.WriteLine("Enter the second number");
            int val2 = int.Parse(Console.ReadLine());

            var whatIKnowTheSumToBe = val1 + val2;

            var whatIWillTellTheUser = whatIKnowTheSumToBe - 5;

            Console.WriteLine("{0} + {1} = {2}", val1, val2, whatIWillTellTheUser);            
        }
    }

Why does this not count as a lie?
You ask me a question and I saw something incorrect. How can you tell if I'm lying or not? You said:
> To demonstrate that this is a lie (per the definition given), then you have to demonstrate that it knows what its output means (i.e. it has to know the semantic value out its output and it has to know that it is false). In your example, the output would be produced by a perfectly valid mathematical theorem in the machine language. We would see in the output an idea that is expressed which is false, but to the machine it wouldn't know what idea we attached to that output. From the machines perspective, the idea (theorem) contained in the message is a valid mathematical theorem it derived to produce it.

How do you know that I know the semantic content of what I'm saying?

(seperately I think this is a bad definition of lying, but I do think it's also an indefensible one)
This is a slight tangent from your main argument, but I feel it is necessary to consider within your ideas how and to some degree why the lies are generated by humans.

My main problem is with your description of a lie is that it is simply defined as negation of truth, and doesn't consider motivation. 

A lie in my opinion is more complex than that. I think motivation and learning need to be considered when determining the process by which a human lies. 

The relative truth idea is the deep understanding that our reality is perception based and (while sometimes faulty) we must make the best assumptions based off of response to our past outputs. This can lead to a variety of actions especially when combined with motivation.

Motivation toward a specific goal seems to me reason enough to give a variety of outputs based on potential effect rather than its status as simply true or false. 

If I'm taking a math test I will have motivation to say "2+2=4", if I am motivated to prove I can lie I can say "2+2= anything else". A computer can be programmed to know the correct answer, but furthermore be programmed to, under circumstances like a under a test on whether it can lie, respond to conditions and either manipulate the known correct answer in a set way making it a lie or give the known correct answer.

When you consider the learning and "relative truth" capability of the human mind that is not seen in modern computers, the thought also goes deeper. All of the "known" data in our minds is never really known, but instead assumed based off of the culmination of all of our experiences and  observed reactions to our actions. 

When I lie I don't think so much "I must negate what I believe to be the absolute truth", but rather "based off of my experiences what would be appropriate to say in order to achieve the desired outcome". This could be telling joke that is not true, or trying to spare someone's feelings. I don't tell he lie as a function of negating the truth but rather as on of pursuing an alternative output based on projections from my database of relative knowledge.
     Interesting argument. Most of these comments are debating whether a computer is an accurate analog of a brain or whether anyone can know anything, but I think your argument can be refuted by looking at a broader definition of "lying."



     The big problem is that you've simplified an advanced social behavior by not considering the reason why people lie. People lie because they want to influence the behavior of others. It is a manifestation of our ability to predict an outcome. Suzy will lie to Bob because she doesn't want him to find out about her affair. She has a covert goal, and she can guess how Bob will respond to her false story. 



     If a computer had even a slippery grasp of how a human would respond to a multitude of outputs, then the computer could select an output it knew to be false in an attempt to alter a humans behavior to its benefit.  Lying is an advanced behavior because it requires an understanding of how your outputs are received, how they will be processed, and also what information your target already has. In order to perform this strategy, an AI would have to simulate a simplified human response to its actions. 


     That being said, there is nothing magical about a lie. You don't need an organic brain, an ethereal consciousness or a "soul" to learn how your outputs will affect the behavior of others. You just need the ability to learn and the ability to predict. This is what the human brain excels at. Babies are figuring out how to manipulate people before they can crawl. I am confident we will have lying AIs as soon as we program them to learn how their outputs affect their surroundings and give them a goal.

 


> Premise1: A computer can know theorem φ is expressed by output p if and only if the computer executes output p only when φ is derived (in the computer’s programming language L) by the computer.  

It is trivial to write code that breaks this premise, by executing output p when - φ is derived, under whatever conditions are chosen to trigger the computer to lie.  

For example, give the computer inputs of 2+2, the computer calculates an answer of 2+2=4, and then decides whether to give a give a true or false output. If it decides to lie, then it can output 2+2=5, not as a result of the calculation, but as a result of deciding to lie: 

Accept input  
Answer = Calculate true response  (input)  
If telltruth() then  
Output (Answer)  
Else  
Output (not Answer)
I think Searle has this right: a brain *can* be interpreted as a digital computer, because anything of sufficient complexity can be interpreted as a digital computer, but the brain doesn't do what it does (consciousness, "thoughts") by virtue of its being a digital computer. 

A digital computer, a PC for example, doesn't have any thoughts. We have thoughts about it, that's all. 
Not a philosopher, so bare with me or report the comment. 

Your "symbolic version" is much clearer for me than you text, sorry. 

Your premise 1 is: 

> ∀(x)[[M(x) ∧ Kp-φ(x)] ⇔ [M(x) ∧ [e-p(x) ⇒ dφ(x)]]]

First of all, the M(x) is not necessary I think, and I believe you have added what you want to prove here. 

You say that if the machine knows that output P expresses \phi(x) then if (the machine) executes output P it must mean that is has derived \phi(x). And this is one of your premises? Is that correct?
I do not think the OP understands computer programming well enough to comprehend why none of this is even remotely valid.

Computer programs are like Rube Goldberg machines made out of words.

They do not 'think,' and the computer is 'aware' of nothing.
That second level of moral complexity certainly does make the problem a deeper quandary, but I wouldn't say that the more popular version is *wrong* per se.  The question is not only 1 life vs. 5 lives, but action vs. inaction; it's "Are you willing to take an action that leads directly to 1 person's death, or will you allow 5 people to die, but through no action of your own?"  That idea of actually taking an action that leads directly to someone's death is what most people find challenging about the scenario.

I hadn't heard the version of the problem you described, and I like it.  But the version that gets thrown around most is more easily packaged and still presents a challenging and moral choice to people who don't often think about ethical problems.
I think you should ask an actual 2-year-old child, then. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-N_RZJUAQY4

Joking aside, I think that's what the next part, with pushing the fat man off the bridge, is supposed to test. Are you willing to take the life of someone who is innocent and not breaking rules to save the five? The fat man then substitutes for your innocent child.
When Phillipa Foot first introduced this problem, it was in a few iterations among which there is the one denounced by you here.

>Suppose that a judge or magistrate is faced with rioters demanding that a culprit be found for a certain crime and threatening otherwise to take their own bloody revenge on a particular section of the community. The real culprit being unknown, the judge sees himself as able to prevent the bloodshed only by framing some innocent person and having him executed. Beside this example is placed another in which a pilot whose airplane is about to crash is deciding whether to steer from a more to a less inhabited area. To make the parallel as close as possible it may rather be supposed that he is the driver of a runaway tram which he can only steer from one narrow track on to another; five men are working on one track and one man on the other; anyone on the track he enters is bound to be killed. In the case of the riots the mob have five hostages, so that in both examples the exchange is supposed to be one man's life for the lives of five.
>However: the train problem is supposed to be an ethical dilemma, i.e. involving more than just your own qualms about your actions, but also your thinking about others' decisions and your judgement. 

Says who? The original trolley problem is as depicted in the image, except instead of people tied up, it's workers working on the tracks. You seem to have the idea that you're the King of Trolley Problems who is in charge of telling us what the Right and Wrong trolley problems are, but that's false. If anyone's in charge of it, it's the person who first introduced the problem to the philosophical community, Philippa Foot, who introduced it in the version you seem to think is somehow "wrong."
I get what you're saying, but I don't think you can just add the "train derails and kills more people" part. Armed with that knowledge, youre again negating the moral delimma of breaking/following the rules. It's either 1 kid following the rules, or 5 that chose to break them and put themselves in harm's way. 

Edit: derails, not details
The original is not incorrect. It's the base version. At least as far as I'm aware. 

The base dilemma is meant to show a basic problem of "the greater good." Without knowing anything about the people on the track we're almost forced to look at it as basic math. By switching the track, you have a net gain of +4 people. Without any knowledge of the people, we just default to getting the greater good for the most people, hence most people flip the switch. 

Of course, your ideas about life, fate, destiny, etc. may play on your decision. 

I first heard about the trolley problem in an essay on Utilitarianism in Batman. The Joker kills people. Batman catches him. But the Joker ALWAYS escapes and kills more people. If Batman kills the Joker, he'd save the lives of all future victims. But he doesn't. Is he acting morally in this case? 
You are just creating a new variation on the original. So how about this one, Hillary is on one track and Trump is on the other. What do you do?


Eh, no. The trolley problem is supposed to be just that, because it's a challenge for hard deontologists.

The train is going to kill 5 people if you don't act. However, if you do act, you'd be killing a human, which condradicts the categorical imperative. The saving of the 5 people does not balance the killing of 1, at least for deontologists.

A few issues I have:

1) The author presumes a definition of good, namely, human flourishing. A great deal of the debate within ethics centers on just that, the definition of good. If the Kantians are correct, outcomes (including human flourishing) have nothing to do with morality. If Utilitarians are correct, but the average human utility is negative (due to pain outweighing pleasure on average), then human extinction is preferable to continued existence. Objectivity can be obtained, but only by first agreeing to a definition of good, which we don't have. 

2) The author argues that most moral arguments are peripheral in nature, but the core of the debate is agreed upon. It is precisely the core of morality which is at stake. A Theological morality will look very different than a Kantian or Consequentialist morality, from top to bottom. Whether pain outweighs pleasure, whether action superceeds inaction, or whether small sins can be tolerated in service of a greater good are all massive questions with large implications, not peripheral at all. 

I think almost all of the authors points hold, if we take for granted that morality = human flourishing, but if we challenge that fundamental point, then the argument loses some of its value. 
*"In Part 3, "Hobbes and the Democratization of the Prince," of our on-going series on the transition from Liberal Democracy to Authoritarian Democracy, we explore the way Hobbes agreed with Machiavelli's fundamental observations about human beings and the natural world, but rejected Machiavelli's political solution. In this episode we identify how Hobbes democratizes the Prince and in doing so creates a proto-form of Authoritarian Democracy. This move is both essential for the ultimate formation of Liberal Democracy and lays the foundation for its return to Authoritarian Democracy. Enjoy."*
Could someone provide links to the earlier podcasts?  thanks.
I'm more of a Calvinist myself
[removed]
[removed]
Interesting read. Now only if those meatballs in Washington could get on board with these sciences and thoughts. We need more thoughts in our politicians!
So... I'm a layman when it comes to philosophy. But I find the examples presented in the latter half of the blog to be less than compelling. The significance between a button that keeps a plane flying when held down versus a button that crashes the plane seems semantical; in both cases there is an action that could be taken by a pilot that could cause the plane to crash. The phrasing in this situation presupposes possible causes in both situations, but I'm confused by the relevance of "causation-by-omission". The author links the potentiality of one action to cause a bad result, and it seems like she draws the conclusion that we need to treat all potential actions similarly. 

I feel as though one can draw a distinction between actual and potential causes in a meaningful sense. The bullet that killed the target was fired by Billy. Holding Suzy responsible for the death is incorrect, because her actions would only have resulted in the death of the target had Billy not acted. If we consider the entire scenario, causation is clear; it's only by adding in counterfactual scenarios that we get a culpability for Suzy in the actual death, rather than the attempt. In addition, to what degree does knowledge and intent come into play here? Had Billy missed on purpose, knowing of Suzy's "Smart Bullet", would he be culpable? Is there a level of blame to be assigned to either party, based on the "guaranteed" nature of the death?
In most of continental Europe the issue has been resolved by jurisprudence eons ago, basically the intention to harm is sufficient to determin the causation and intentionality even though the intention considered the occurrence only as an eventuality more or less remote.

An example: someone is shoothing with a gun from a window to a wall of the opposit building, bullets reach the wall just few inches above the heads of the passers by in the street.

One of the bullet happens to hit in the head one of the passers by who die almost immediately, the shooter did not have the intention to kill specifically this person, nor necessarily to kill anybody, but he surely considered and accepted the eventuality that someone could be harmed in the process, even killed.

At the trial the shooter is indicted for intentional homicide and most likely found guilty.
Pretty sure it's Bernstain.
> But what does Descartes do with his fresh start? He tells us that one thing is clear, God exists.

This is not all Descartes gives us. In fact I'd argue that the God stuff doesn't really detract that much from what Descartes really gives us in the meditations, which is methodological doubt and the conclusion of the indubitable mind.

> neither believers or non-believers would consider that the existence of God is self-evident

For what it's worth, he does provide an argument for God's existence. It's not a good argument but it's more than saying that God is self-evident.

> My purpose in this blog is to use the fresh start given to us by Descartes and to see where I can go without considering that some transcendent being is in charge

Have you checked out Husserl?

Hello Caspar,

I'm a Neuropsychology and philosophy student in Sweden, aiming alot of my attention torwards consciousness. Not being familiar with your own writings - what is your approach to consciousness? Any comments on eliminativism vs panpsychism? Do you see consciousness being a bridging topic for disciplines like philosophy and neuroscience? 

Also, what are your thoughts of psychedelic substances (LSD, psilocybin, DMT etc) as a tool in philosophy? Do you take any reports on these mind altering drugs to be of use in discussing a/the nature of reality? 
This AMA is being permanently archived by *The Winnower*, a publishing platform that offers traditional scholarly publishing tools to traditional *and* non-traditional scholarly outputs—because scholarly communication doesn’t just happen in journals.

To cite this AMA please use: [https://doi.org/10.15200/winn.147257.79443](https://www.thewinnower.com/papers/5293-i-am-caspar-hare-professor-of-philosophy-at-mit-currently-teaching-24-00x-introduction-to-philosophy-god-knowledge-and-consciousness-on-the-edx-platform-ask-me-anything)

You can learn more and start contributing at [*thewinnower.com*](https://thewinnower.com)

Hi Casper

Is the Western world of philosophy and academia missing out by way of a marked negligence on teaching potential students the philosophical approaches of the Eastern world (i.e. Asian, Chinese, Islamic etc.)?
Professor Hare,

Thanks for joining us! Very glad to have you here.

Do you feel any special duty to have a positive impact as a philosophy professor, especially one working on ethics? What kinds of things do you think ethicists should be doing, or would like to see them doing, outside of academia?
Hi Professor Hare. I was hoping to ask about your MOOC. Some academics are concerned that MOOCs are damaging academia as we know it, for example, by reducing the amount of open positions for younger PhDs, and by lowering the quality of education at schools licensing MOOCs from other departments.

What do you say to assuage people's worries about these types of courses? 

Also I was hoping you could say a bit about what motivated you to go towards a pay-to-get-grades model, if possible.
Hi Prof. 

Wanted to know: how is Wittgenstein's Phil Investigations generally received by quote-unquote 'analytic' philosophers working on practical philosophy? I see some stuff on aspect change, family resemblances, language games, obviously, but it doesn't seem outside of that there's much stuff employed in the metaphysic, moral phil literature. Is it because PI lacks a certain systematic-ness, an argumentative framework? Curious on your thoughts. 
Hi Professor Hare,

Just wanted to thank you for making your course on philosophy free; I always believed that education should not solely be the realm of the wealthy. 

Some quick questions:
1. Compared to classical times where rhetoric and philosophy seemed to be considered hallmarks of an educated man, do you feel that the lack of such virtues in today's society have an bearing towards it's current trend towards radicalism?

2. What would you hope that people would take away after completing your course? 

Thank you.


Hello Professor Hare!

Thanks for doing the AMA.

I can't think of any really involved question, so here's perhaps an easier one: who is/are  philosopher(s) that you feel is/are currently neglected?
Here's a question from u/MetaPhilosopher:

>Hello Professor Hare! From all the online-based courses in philosophy I've taken so far, yours has been one of my favorite.

>1) Academic philosophy seems to be going downhill with cut-downs of departments and prominent figures criticizing the field. What is the future of academic philosophy? What is currently being done to improve its security?

>2) Some people think that philosophy isn't something that can be done well. What is expertise in philosophy? How to distinguish a good philosopher from a bad one?

>3) How did you become interested in philosophy? Why did you decide to pursue professional philosophy?

>4) As a beginner philosophy student, is it a good idea to start with meta-ethics in my research to build a theoretical foundation and move to normative ethics and practical ethics later?
Hi Professor Hare.  Thanks for your time.

What positions did you once hold which you now strongly disagree with?  What changed your mind?  
Hi Professor Hare!

What books--fiction or non-fiction--do you feel most decisively influenced your development? Which books would you now suggest as most helpful to young people or those first getting into philosophy?
Did you ever see the philosopher's soccer sketch on Python? How accurate is it to historical representations of philosophers?
In your class you talk about arguments for the existence of God.  In your estimation, what is the best overall (i.e. hardest to refute) ontological or cosmological argument for the existence of God?
Hi, Professor Hare!

- Can you tell us about some of the things you think make someone promising in philosophy? When you interact with people who haven't fully developed their philosophical career, what are some things that tend to make you think that a particular person might show promise?

- Is there insight you have as a professor of many complicated issues with which many people in the public already have strong, deeply entrenched opinions about (that can even sometimes be rather oversimplified) with regards to making someone more charitable in discussing an issue? In other words, do you deal with uncharitable people as a professor whose minds you are meant to enrich, and is there any advice regarding that that might be put to use in everyday discussion? Or do people, having to actually pay to go to MIT, tend to always be charitable and open-minded and this isn't really a problem?

I'm willing to clear anything up if my questions are ambiguous or poorly written. Thank you so much for your time!
Thanks for doing this prof. Hare.
Do you share the view of some philosophers and/or neuroscientists that what is commonly understood as "free will" is a scientifically testable concept? If yes how does this might affect how we treat moral responsibility in societies if determinism were to be proved true ?

PS. I took your course when it was first available on EDX and I enjoyed it immensely.
Thank you!
Manos
What got you started in philosophy and has philosophy been successful at delivering or making an impact?
[deleted]
Professor Hare,

My name is Mike, I'll be taking your seminar "Topics of Philosophy" this upcoming semester. I hope to attend graduate school for philosophy, likely for ethics or political philosophy. 

My question is about the so-called "ivory tower" effect of academia. Do you think philosophers have a duty to contribute to public discourse relevant to their field of expertise? For example, should ethicists weigh in on controversial topics like whether or not to go to war, or abortion (like Judith Thomson has done)? 

I'm worried that graduate school incentivizes publishing over all else, leaving little time to be a public intellectual.

Thank you and see you soon!
Why am I me? What I mean by that is I am a conscious being. So are you and everyone else. But I experience life through my senses and not yours. So why can't my consciousness be in someone else. I know that my consciousness is tied to my brain. What I don't follow us why that must be. 
Hi r/philosophy (Since Dr. Hare is done),


By default, the media seems to turn to empirical scientists and other non-philosophers to provide authoritative opinions on philosophical issues such as consciousness.  I recall an inforgraphic piece in Time Magazine that consisted of 10 thinkers answers to the question "What is Consciousness?"  10/10 quotes were from non-philosophers.  On the bright side, 9/10 quotes were non-Deepak Chopras.


What's especially frustrating is that publicized philosophical ideas introduced by empirical scientists often seem to have been developed without a glance at the extant literature.


Scientists are really smart - and science journalists are generally quite good at scouring the body of knowledge for relevant material.  Why then, are we constantly fed a stream of illiterate opinion on philosophical issues like consciousness?


When we are presented with philosophically-informed opinion on matters such as consciousness, two thirds of the time it comes from Daniel Dennet, who holds the fringe opinion that qualia don't exist.  Why do we always hear from him in the popular media?

In general, why do we have such a hard time propigating well-investigated ideas about consciousness throughout the larger culture?  Why do empirical scientists feel so confident to discuss consciousness without the kind of care they apply to other issues? 
Do you think Anselm is making hasty generalizations?

Love your class.
What do you personally believe is the meaning of life, besides the science way of saying to reproduce and carry on.
Hello professor! What are some key texts in ethics (or metaethics) that all undergrads should read?
If I could ask a second question that received a lot of attention on this subreddit. [In a recent article Daniel Dennett was reported to have said that:](http://qz.com/768450/one-of-the-most-famous-living-philosophers-says-much-of-philosophy-today-is-self-indulgent/)

>“A great deal of philosophy doesn’t really deserve much of a place of the world,” he says. “Philosophy in some quarters has become self-indulgent, clever play in a vacuum that’s not dealing of problems of any intrinsic interest.”

>Much if not all philosophical work in analytic metaphysics, for example, is “willfully cut off from any serious issues,” says Dennett. The problem, he explains, is that clever students looking to show off their skills “concoct cute counterarguments that require neither technical training nor empirical knowledge.” These then build off each other and invade the journals, and philosophical discourse.

Now your work is notable for being approachable and dealing with systematic issues in philosophy. Of these two characteristics, which do you feel contemporary philosophy on the whole most lacks? Approachable language, or a larger approach to broader issues?
Hello Professor!
What do you think is the most unique aspect of teaching at MIT, as opposed to anywhere else?
A question from u/liliums:

>Hello Professor Hare! Thank you for doing this AMA!
I love philosophy, though I'm not in the field. I took your MOOC "Introduction to Philosophy" and I particularly loved the section about knowledge, it was very thought provoking.
As a nurse, I briefly studied ethics and deontology in school, and I liked it, bioethics specifically, and wish I could learn more about it, but I'm not sure where to start. Do you have any suggestions?
Hi Prof.

Do you think it's fair to classify the belief in philosophical idealism or dualism as supernatural beliefs?
Why isn't there a place in the academy for serious, rigorous, yet personal discussion of the urgent question of how each of us should live life? I don't mean the dispassionate examination of scholarly theories (though that too is important) -- I mean grappling with the personal challenges that each of us faces in our specific life situations: love, God, death, creative blocks, friendship issues, politics, etc.?

Can academic philosophy be the place we can bring knowledge together and clarify what troubles us, and if not, what is?
Yes, I have a question.  What jobs are available for a philosophy major with a degree now?  I've been unemployed since graduation 3 years ago, all the jobs I have found are teaching jobs with universities or colleges and they are all full with professors already...are there any other places you know of for a job for a philosophy major?
[removed]
What's your take on the Multiverse Theory from a philosophic point of view? 
There are an abundance of intro level philosophy classes available on iTunes and various MOOC sites. I'm curious if you would consider putting together a more advanced class in philosophy. Something appropriate for upper level undergraduates. A class on epistomology or philosophy of biology, e.g., would be perfect.
If there was something you could tell us, briefly, that would encompass a main message, what would that be?
Greetings professor Hare, it's a great pleasure to have you here! I was wondering if you could elaborate on the significance of philosophy in the world today.  I know the question is quite broad, but the reason I'm asking it is the amount of criticism I've been seeing lately towards the insignificance of philosophy, that it does not play any important role in the improvement of the human condition at the present day and age (compared to science). Thank you! 
What five books on philosophy would you suggest that any well-rounded "renaissance man" read?
Professor Hare, what do you think of physicalism? Thank you!
Is rationality in your view normative? If so what's the relationship between rationality and ethics?
What are your views on objective morality? Does morality come naturally to us, or is it constructed? 
Will you provide a reading list of works that don't make the cut for your courses, but have strongly impacted your personal development.  

Thanks.

/e Literature, nonfiction, fiction, poetry, scholarly articles from barely related fields, anything that has strongly influenced your direction.
This may be out of your purview as it is a somewhat metaethical question, but I'm curious about accounts of why there is a morality rather than none (as in how does it arise).  I've previously been recommended *The Sources of Normativity* by Korsgaard which looks like a good starting point, but do you have any supplementary suggestions?
What book - in your opinion - is a must read if you want to get into western philosophy? 
Taking my first philosophy class this semester, any suggestions before I start up? 
Hi! Great to see such a powerful mind on this sub haha. I'm a sophomore in college, so far I've taken principles of sound reasoning and existentialism (covering 15 famous existentialists, covering Heidegger, Camus, Nietzsche, Kierkegaard, Doestoyevsky, Unamuno, just to name a few) and I've been trying to wrap my head around what the philosophy of law is. Do you think government and law are a more so metaphysical notion than epistemological or more so epistemological/ontological notion than metaphysics? Because if it is a more so metaphysical notion than I don't think there should be so much opinion involved around making sense of why there ought to be a law and government. And even if government is a metaphysical notion, or biologically innate, it obviously isn't treated that way, much of our personal ontologies get in the way of how we would like the government to be such as a Direct Democracy which believes each individual has a voice, while constitutional monarchy believes that one can be the king and that there ultimately is the law. Intuitively it sounds easy to dismiss this question and say, obviously epistemology, the government is not metaphysically real and a product of our free will, and if it was metaphysics it would not need to be established, the government would already be. But I argue that government should be treated as an organic process because it's origins are innate, in other words, I think it's completely natural that we're formulating government.
Professor,
I am a philosophy major myself, and i often have trouble reading some of the texts that are outside my main interests (i.e. Epistemology). Do you have any tips on taking notes while reading or annotating the reading material, or both? Thank you for your time. 
Thanks for doing this.

What are your thoughts on the "vital spiritual experience" like William James talks about?
What is your opinion on the apparent contradiction in terms of consciousness within a organic lifeform. It seems odd that nature would give organism a tool such as willpower and conscious that would allow them to directly disregard their instinctual programming to reproduce, eat, etc. Especially considering that as we understand it, the purpose of life is to survive are reproduce. Does this mean that consciousness is an accident of nature, making our existence an anomaly, or is something that exists outside the realm of nature as we understand it, and is simply applied to the human race. 
What is your opinion on objective vs subjective morality? Do you feel religion or some such institution is crucial to "proving" one or the other?
Does God wonder where it came from? Does it get lonely. Does the large scale structure of the universe resembling a neural network strike awe into the debts of your consciousness?
Hi Caspar what is your opinion on the universe being predetermined? 

Is the uncertainty principle on the quantum level enough to prove the universe is not completely determined? 
In a world where there is an ever-increasing emphasis on STEM fields, not to mention MIT being one of the premier STEM institutions, do you feel increasingly marginalized for focusing on the study of Philosophy? (and literature in general)
What do you honestly believe happens when we die?  Afterlife or not?  
What is your concept of God?
Why is the focus where we go when we die instead of where we come from when we are created? PS~ I think we return from where we come, just saying.
Hello Professor Hare,

Do you believe in libertarian free will?
Hello Caspar, 

If God is omnipotent and all knowing, why would He make anouther being such as the devil who could rise up to equal His power to capture the mist precious gift of a human soul when it is known to be God's greatest creation?  

Wouldnt He have seen Lucifer's betrayal?  Why wouldn't the other archangels just rise up to destroy Lucifer?
In your opinion, is a hot dog a sandwich?
Do you think Drunvalo Melchizedek is legit? 
Can you ask Andrew Graham why he doesn't respond to emails? 
Hello Professor!
Thank you for doing this AMA.
What do you make of the omnipotence paradox? Does it negate the plausibility of there being a god?
What jobs can a student get with a philosophy degree? How useful is it?
Opinion on the non aggression principle and voluntaryism?
How has social behavior shaped the way we look at society today?
Do you feel it's important to project your own opinion into your teachings or can that be dangerous being a person of influence ?
How do I get into MIT?
Is philosophy a major for people who know you're wrong while not having the answer.
Hello Caspar,

Does God exist. Because I think he doesn't. 
how do i ask a question?
What's your take on freewill vs determinism?
Religion is a mere political tool invented by politician to control the population and convince 'commoners' that they have the divine right to rule us all. The 'divine right to rule' is common in medieval Europe, ancient Rome, ancient China, ancient Egypt, ancient India, ancient Mesopotamia cultures - surely this commonality between cultures that had no/ limited contact means something.

Discuss.
Hi Caspar,

I recently discovered I have a passion for contemplating the meaning of life, existance, and all things far beyond our understanding. This has brought me to the conclusion to go back to school for a major in philosophy. Would you have any reccomendations on what I should prepare for?
What are your thoughts on the ethics of eating living things? Is it ok from a moral standpoint to eat anything you can kill? Anything of a particular intelligence level? Anything that moves? Is it ok to eat a virus?

Thanks!
Hello Caspar,

What are your thoughts about the current Christian God in comparison to the Roman/Greek gods of the past? What I am getting at is that we readily dispell these as myth, but is current religion not just history repeating itself. Sure this God is kind where the old ones waged war. But, surely the overlying similarities cannot be dismissed.
I am astonished that MIT has not moved on beyond god since I was there. Class of '64, Course XVIII
Why is there something instead of nothing?
Hi Prof. Hare, thank you for participating in this AMA. I'm curious to know, which current theory of consciousness do you believe is most correct given our current knowledge?
Seth speaks is spiritual /metaphysical but I believe relevant. Even if just to stimulate the mind and imagination. I don't know about western philosophy being rooted in psychedelics but I think it's Terrence McKenna who postulates our  evolutionary ancestors in Africa ate a lot of shrooms and that's how the cortex developed to be able to conceptualize abstract thoughts, have imagination etc. I think he wrote food of the gods. 

I think an MIT professor would 100% support mind altering drug research. 

Check out Bellevue /NYU terminally ill cancer patients being tx with psilocybin. 

University of Vermont med school has tons of marijuana research.  

I have so much to do why am I always on Reddit 😁
I'm not religious either, but definitely acknowledge spirituality. I think that it is the creation that is the awe moment. 
If hypothetically in the future we were to create a universe, either in a lab or via a computer simulation, that evolved life which in time develops consciousness much like our own, to which one creature ponders "Where did this all come from?" Would that not be a considerable hint that perhaps we too were created?
What is the answer to life, the universe, and everything?
Thoughts on źiźek and his thoughts on capitalists death?
Have you met any janitors at MiT that remind you of Good Will Hunting ?
Have you met any janitors at MIT that remind you of Good Will Hunting ?
What was it like to wake up as a ghost? I can imagine the initial shock would have been overwhelming....Oh wait...I just read the rest of the title....Sorry, sorry....carry on.....
Hi Caspar! I think people are inpatient, and would like to read in one page the scientific view of grand themes. Would you agree? I have made two such one-pagers, you can find them at my site http://pager.one/
The first one is about how life came into existence on earth, the second about how consciousness came into existence. May I email you the two one-pagers?
What do you think of Nick Bostrom and other philosophers who are concerned about the Great Filter? 
Hi Professor Hare,

Is consciousness an evolutionary trait? If we as humans figure out a way to live for eternity what would happen to our consciousness? 
Here's a question from u/notsunq  (posted on the [AMA announcement](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/500kvj/ama_announcement_tuesday_830_1pm_est_caspar_hare/) post)

>Thanks for doing this AMA, Dr. Hare. From what I've read here, you believe the fundamental principle we work from should be one relatively uncontested and humble, but is this only because you value humbleness? Why should I follow this principle anymore than the principle of arrogance, a principle which I value?
Professor Hare,

Thanks for taking the time to do this. I wonder if there are any contemporary philosophers in the field of ethics (or metaethics) that  you think are overlooked, or that are worth an extra look into?
Hi Prof. I always give questions like these to philosophers so..
 1.Do you believe in God? And if so, why do you think there would be despair in this world?
2.And isn't it knowledge,wisdom,etc , acquired by chance? What if you were born on the other side of the world, one where opportunity rarely comes. Do you think you will be the same person as you are today?
3. And do you make life decisions while in a shower? 

Thanks cool dude. 
Afternoon! I prefer light hearted questions so here we go. What naive position do you find most annoying? Is it naive moral relativism? Constantly bringing up straw men? The internet's love of experts, but not when it's an appeal to authority?
Hi professor,

How do you feel about comparing the state of mind after death to falling asleep and having no sleep?

State of having no thoughts, memories of your sleep, no concept of time, no consciousness, and just nothing.
What is modern that you would consider essential for your bookshelf/something you're quick to recommend?
Your course description includes, "Arguments for and against the existence of God".

Of course, many folks want to just dive right into existentialist matters, but I wonder if the topic isn't better suited to an intermediate course rather than the first half of the Introduction to Philosophy?
Hello Prof. Hare

My question is : Is there a functional Ethical system inside of deterministic principles, or is Kant right on the proposition that you have to have for a premise that *freedom of will* exists so that you can talk about Ethics? I am mostly interested in *naturalist mistake* (that you can't derive *must be done*  from *what is* and can it be avoided). Can you suggest any text on how this can be done?  I can see a similar question was asked in the comments section but it wasn't in this form. I think my question is a bit more precise on this matter. 
Hi Caspar,

I enjoyed your paper about our obligations to merely statistical people.

One worry I had was that your argument for our (admittedly marginally so but nonetheless) greater obligation to identified people rests on the Distribute Bad Effects principal. This principle says that, all else being equal, it’s better for many people to suffer minor harms than for one person to suffer a major harm. So on your view, it’s better to distribute the chance of dying among four different people, such that each person has a .25 probability of dying, rather than condemn one person to die with a probability of 1. My worry is that this principle is only true with respect to actual, realized bad effects; it does not seem true with respect to probabilities of potential, but ultimately unrealized, bad effects. For example, consider the difference between one person being scolded with a gallon of boiling water and a million people being scolded with one one-millionth of a gallon of boiling water. The latter seems preferable. Distributing the bad effect—scolding with a gallon of boiling water—across a million different people seems better than consolidating it on a single person. However, consider the difference between a single person being scolded with a gallon of boiling water and two people each having a .5 probability of being scolded with a gallon a boiling water (where one and only one of the two people will definitely be scolded). There doesn’t seem to be a normative difference. Both seem equally bad. Why? Well, distributing the probability of the bad effect across two different people doesn’t actually distribute the bad effect itself. Ultimately, the entire bad effect is consolidated on the person who ends up being scolded. Counterfactual probabilities, open or closed, about whether the ultimately scolded person might not have been scolded seems normatively irrelevant assuming that in each case one and only one person is ultimately scolded with a gallon of water.

You almost seem to suggest this line of thought yourself at one point in your paper. In your criticism of Norman Daniels, you ask, “Why isn’t living the relevant good here, not chances of living?” Also, at the end of the paper, you finally concede that our greater obligation to identified people isn’t particularly significant because a benevolent, rational person “cares about people, not about the ways in which her actions affect people.” One way of reading this is that tinkering with the probabilities of who exactly will experience the same bad effect is normatively irrelevant when ultimately the same number of people will experience the same bad effect.

My worry might suggest that your notion of the ‘counterfactually open process’ is not really as relevant to answering the question about our obligations to statistical vs identified people as much as a notion of normative transitivity or some notion about how bad effects can be divided among people. Of course, I imagine that you disagree and would love to get your thoughts.
Hello, Professor Hare. I am currently a freshmen in college who really became fascinated with philosophy over the last two years. I'd love to have a career in it, and end up in a position similar to yourself. However, I imagine my understanding of the field is naive. So, what are the realities of this job/career field? Would you encourage students to pursue it, or push them to get a degree in something else? Thanks.
Thanks for doing this AMA Dr. Hare.  

As someone doing Philosophy at MIT, to what extent do you think there is a (actual or perceived) gulf between philosophers and scientists with respect to truth claims, methodology within overlapping subject matter of physics, or other fields.  Would you say the gulf is changing one way or another?

What are your thoughts on David Chalmers? Also, if Chalmers and Dennett were in a cage match, who would win?
[deleted]
Is God real, and are you Christian 

What makes life a fight, what does not?

I had an interesting conversation in a group counseling. The counselor was making the point of how life isn't a fight at all. To battle is to fight yourself. I then made a point about how I think life is a fight. We fight to survive, to find perspective, and to learn. 

This was a few years ago; my motivation to say it was literally to fight the concept and play devils advocate. Creating purpose in fighting for the argument of not fighting.

What are your thoughts?

*so this is not a legitimate question huh 
Hi Professor Hare,

I've read your dissertation and I loved the clarity of your writing and the precision of your thought. However, I have a hard time remembering your arguments. I feel the same way about most of the analytic philosophy I've read, including the works I've most enjoyed. For someone outside of the academy, do you have any suggestions on how to remember philosophy? Or at least to get the most out of reading it? 

Thanks!
[deleted]
Sooooooo... After everything you have learned, in your opinion does God exsist.
Hello Professor,
I would love to know your thoughts on determinism and how it affects philosophical concepts put forward by early philosophers.
Also, in your opinion, how does determinism affect ethics?
Thanks for your time. Looks like it's going to be a great AMA!

EDIT: Added a question.
Hi Professor,

Who do you personally feel are the most important or at least most interesting contemporary philosopher(s)?
Hello, lately I've been interested in mathematical/logical patterns on different levels/layers in nature. (High level, low level, and so on. English is not my native tongue.) Do you happen to know any books or other media regarding this subject? Rather not with a scientific perspective, but a philosophical one.
Good Afternoon Professor,
When it comes to dreams and Modern Philosophy do you side more with Descartes or Kant?
Descartes claims one cannot tell when they're dreaming and our brain is like "a painter painting a picture" or Kants theory of dreams where bits and pieces of experiences are glued together to make up the dream? Do lucid dreams void what Descartes says?
Professor Hare,

People say (and like you said also to one of the other posts here) Philosophy has been the root and the starting point of a lot of other academics like Math, Physics and what not... I do agree with this, but I think it is because back then nothing has been established. But these days, everything has branched out, they have their own specific area. Do you think Philosophy will give rise to anything new? I honestly can't think of anything, and whether there would be a new, groundbreaking work that will bring enormous impact in 21st century, but maybe that's just me. I want to hear what you have to say about this! Hopefully you can shed some light on my doubts :)
Good afternoon Professor Hare, thank you for doing this AMA.

Two small questions. The first would be concerning the MOOC, have you noticed any students coming into the course with somewhat entrenched misinformation? I ask because I've noticed it at the university I attend and I wonder how much of that would be removed in courses that are more focused on being interested and engaging with the course due to personal motivation.

Secondly, how would you respond to someone who asks why we should be rational? I read Shelly Kagan's paper "Kantianism for Consequentialists", and I appreciate his pointing out that rationality, reason, stands autonomously and just *is* the standard we use to judge things, but I do think there might be more to the story here.
Compare philosophy and religion for us:  Do you consider religion a philosophy and/or vise versa?
Are we in the Matrix?

Are we living in a simulation? 
What is Life?

P.S. From the bottom of my heart, I'd very much appreciate your response. 
I live in Boston. Can I come hang out at the MIT Philosophy colloquia?
Prof, 

Why dose God exist?

-Tired_Thumb
Why did I get differed from MIT?
Hi! I've seen that there is a theist argument for the existente of God, and it basically says that if our councioussnes can be projected towards any object then God exists. Why do they say that can't we have this thinking abbility without God? 
Say hi to Mr Slocum for me plz. Went to school with his son and a few scuba diving trips 
How would you define 'god'? 
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
It is sort like the argument going like "Why help poor people abroad while we have 'our' poor people in our country?". People who ask this typically help neither the one nor the other.
So, good that you do good! And thanks.
And in the end man is an animal too :)
[removed]
Well technically... Wouldn't a wild animal that's defending its territory by any means be considered a sovereign? In essence using its right through universal law of right to live, protect etc.. Being the fact that in this current system that doesn't even push the issue of protecting humans sovereign rights to actually making us domesticated for the sole purpose of production etc.. To feed the massive appetite of the super rich. Human rights vs animal rights are no different. Until that sovereign right gets infringed upon.
[removed]
It's because some questions are too difficult to be answered by technology alone. Technology will probably never 'fix' some of fundamental facets of human nature. 
Yeah, because technology doesn't help you answer questions like "what is the meaning of life?" Or "what is moral and what is not?" What we do has changed but who we are has not; and who we are is not capable of answering such questions on our own.
"People who say they don’t care about metaphysics really mean that their received ideas on such matters are so fixed that they have disappeared from consciousness, in the same way that you don’t usually notice your heartbeat. Philosophers are people who, for some reason—Plato called it the sense of wonder—feel compelled to make the obvious strange. When they try to communicate that basic, pervasive strangeness or wonder to other people, they usually find that the other people don’t like it. Sometimes, as with Socrates, they like it so little that they put the philosopher to death. More often, however, they just ignore him."

Right in the feels.
We struggle because so few are concerned with enlightenment. If you look deeply in yourself you can see that there is absolutely a right way to do most things, and definitely a right way to treat everyone. The problem is that so few lack the strength of will to promote progress, while those in charge lack the self control to keep their toxic logic to themselves.
The answer is present in your question. Technology either works, or doesn't. Philosophy is either persuasive to a small subset of the population, or not persuasive to a small subset of the population. One of these things is not like the other. As soon as a bit of philosophy becomes definitive, presto! It's suddenly not exactly philosophy anymore, but joins the ranks of the likes of logic, or science.
As long as we have language, we will continue to feel the weight of the interesting problems it creates.
How should these technological breakthroughs help answer these questions? If anything, they've created more. Like the ethics of cloning, for example.

This was a nauanced, common sense conversation. Something I always appreciate about Sam, he always makes these philosophical examples become actual in a way that shakes them down, removing the dead wood. 

The case about living in a world where your doctor could harvest your organs for the greater good shows how insufficient pure utilitarianism really is.
The conversation about Parfit at the end, linking Reasons and Persons to developing work on population ethics being conducted at Oxford was particularly interesting.

The closing segment where Harris states that he will be donating the first $3500 raised by each podcast to charity - the figure is MacAskill's estimate as to what is required to actually save a life - is particularly powerful, and demonstrates how philosophy can sometimes translate into real-world good. 
For more on this topic you are all welcome to join the conversation at /r/effectivealtruism.
He is scratching at an issue that has gained more and more supporters in the last years. More and more people speak out against the so called “publish or perish” state of modern academia. People publish books and papers not because they have something to say but because they have to. To get a position today you have to have published a certain number of papers and books and the content is secondary. Thousands of papers are published every year that nobody will ever read.
I would just like to note that this thread has been very encouraging for me. Despite the (totally legitimate) issues that are being brought up about academia, it warms my cynical PhD pursuing heart to see philosophers and scientists discussing some common issues without falling into the very frustrating divisive discourses that seem to dominate inter-disciplinary discussions as of late. 
When I went through my philosophy programs (undergraduate and graduate) I found it very unlikely to encounter a philosopher who didn't fit into one of several categories:

- Philosophers who coupled their inquiries with a science, i.e. philosophers interested in cognition who also researched/studied neuroscience and cognitive science.
- Philosopher of a science, i.e. philosopher of biology or physics.
- Ethicists, whether in general but more likely a specific fields, either bioethics, environmental ethics, etc.
- Philosophers of a certain era/period who also delved deeply into the history of the period along with the historiography of the works in that period.

If Dennett wants to use metaphysics as an example, that's great, but most philosophers I encountered were only coincidentally interested in those topics because they had to teach undergraduate courses in them. In more cases than not the questions we studied and raised were still very applicable to a wide variety of fields, sciences included. I don't doubt that there is a "publish or else" mindset in academia, I experienced it. I think the move from philosophers toward more interdisciplinary work might be a reaction to this. If your "field" (philosophy is so wide-ranging it's difficult to encapsulate it in my view) is not producing worthwhile material for discourse, then you're left to go elsewhere for new material, and that's usually fostered around other disciplines, which is fine. 

Philosophy should be viewed as a great unifying study. Often times it answers questions other disciplines don't want to because the answers would lack the "rigor" necessary for "hard sciences" or even "science" in general (I don't want to get into a fight over hard v soft science). In my experience what sciences produce these days are a whole host of mathematics or data and philosophers tend to be the ones brave enough to attempt to interpret it and place it into a complete picture.
I always had the impression that philosophers have had this reputation for a long while.
Aren't we all just trying to justify our own actions though?
As a complete layman, on the occasions that I've read over and contemplated something "new" in philosophy, it often seems to me that the author is crafting an argument based around semantical equivalences and their conclusion is so unintuitive that it practically appears intentionally shocking. As if their intention was to try to prove something as a dare for people to rebut it objectively.

I'd be more interested if it seemed to me that the intention was to express an honest thought based on sound logic. To understand the world better, not to constantly explore the extent to which one can make unfalsifiable arguments.

I'm sure this all sounds very dumb to people who are actually educated on this subject.
[removed]
This is not a new argument in philosophy by any means.  Wittgenstein made this same argument, as did Nietzhe and John Rawls.  Aristotle even calls philosophy an exercise of the mind.

You make 99,999 shitty inventions and 1 iPhone and people will marvel over the one.  Does that mean we stop inventing stuff? I don't think so.

He argues that people are writing based on questions that don't need answering. But that can be said about his whole field.
Here's a secret: the same applies to Math, Physics and Chemistry (can't speak to biology). 

Much of what is done in each of these fields is entirely out of academic interest with no notion of application or necessity in mind at all. 

We like to study interesting questions, it's often times just a coincidence when they're useful. 
I think the article misrepresents what Dennett means. I think it's very difficult for either the article or I to speak on behalf of Dennett, as he's very difficult to understand coherently, unless you really know all his positions, and even then, sometimes his views develop and change.

Having said that, the article praises Dennett for his views that
>consciousness requires no magic other than the physical mechanics of the brain, that similarly complex robots would be equally conscious, and that the “self,” or ego, does not exist.

These are obviously metaphysical views. I think most would be hard pressed to argue that Dennett doesn't specialise in the metaphysics of the mind.

But then the article says
>Much if not all philosophical work in analytic metaphysics, for example, is “willfully cut off from any serious issues,” says Dennett.

I can't help but notice that the phrase 'analytic metaphysics' as the target of Dennett's disdain isn't a direct quote, but one the author of the article has linked to the 'willfully cut off' quote.

I don't think Dennett was writing the obituary of 'analytic metaphysics' at all, which is what the article makes out. I think his gripe is the opposite; that analytic metaphysics is actually meaningful and worthwhile, but the pressure on graduates to be provocative to get published isn't just unhelpful, but actively slowing down progress.
I'm amazed that so much discussion is taking place over just 350 words and only two full sentence quotes and two partial sentence quotes. There was so little in that article for a newb to zero in on, or is everyone already familiar with this guy? I popped it to read the comments because the article sounded like a clickbait formula: get someone famous to pooh-pooh something traditionally considered important. I wasn't disappointed. To an outsider it sounds like a "Kid's today! /shakes fist/" argument. //goes back to looking at r/cats//
Too bad Dennett did not provide a Top 10 or 25 list of recent articles as examples of works he considers to be self-indulgent or overly cutesy.  But I suppose that might be a little too much real world engagement with the professional philosophy community.  
Fully agree with Dennett here, this "Chmess" problem has really gotten out of hand, sadly with a mix with the pathological publish or perish culture and an obscurantist mindset driven by ego and entitlement. 

There is a whole generation of argumentation that seems to solely operate in bad faith and uncharitably.
> Much if not all philosophical work in analytic metaphysics, for example, is “willfully cut off from any serious issues,” says Dennett.

Maybe. But this is partially why the emerging subdiscipline of metametaphysics exists -- so that metaphysicians can make arguments about what they see as the goals, aims, and prospects of metaphysics. 


Perhaps Dennett has in mind a critique of metaphysicians a la James Ladyman and Don Ross in "Everything Must Go" -- that analytic metaphysicians largely rely on a bankrupt notion of what our best science says the world is like. Even so, this is itself a philosophical claim that is [not without criticism.](http://ndpr.nd.edu/news/24377-every-thing-must-go-metaphysics-naturalized/)
>Claims the mind is satisfactorily explained by reducing it entirely to descriptions of objective physical processes
>Claims some things are "intrinsically interesting"

Dennett has always been a man who leers at the subjectivity of others but cleverly disguises his own as objectivity through rhetoric. He's made some wonderful contributions but he's blind to his own biases, perhaps moreso than the average person.
Isn't this the same sort of thing as pure mathematics, or basic research in any field of science? The sort of publication he's describing seems like a necessary feature of academia.

There are lots of great arguments in favour of basic scientific research, but Dennett seems to be talking about the same activity in philosophy as if it's a bad thing.
>New Atheism


>Taking him seriously 

I'm good.
Some good points throughout but of course he pulls the "empirical evidence" card. That is a tacky analytic cliche and there's no good reason why "metaphysics" ought to require as much "empirical evidence" (read: whatever our science overlords say is right) as phil-mind.
[removed]
Simply read William James last book - "on some problems of philosophy" I believe it's called. It was the last book I read after graduating with a double degree - one honors in philosophy. It made me think very hard about certain well-accepted tenets.
I don't think self-indulgent would be the word that I would use, because in many cases I think people really do think they're contributing something important, but a lot of what he says rings true. I'm generally a lot more interested by philosophers with an easy answer to "why are you doing this?".

So yay for environmental ethics, boo for much analytic aesthetics. Horray for ethics you can actually use, (Boo!)[philosophy of language that you can't]. Otherwise, what's the point?
It's been a while since I've seen "useful" philosophy anywhere. I discuss and debate it because it's interesting. So yes in general I think it is self indulgent, and I do think people asking for more to be spent on philosophy are being OTT, except maybe some in schools because while philosophy itself isn't much use, critical thinking is and you can't learn philosophy without critical thinking.
"Intrinsic Interest" is a category that Mr. Dennett might have a very difficult time pinning down and/or proving. What is intrinsically interesting? You'd have to posit some sort of platonic ideal of 'interesting,' existing apart from the sphere of human thought rather than a changing disposition of the philosopher in order to call something 'intrinsically interesting'.
The problem is that most of the best historical philosophers were also self-indulgent. Hegel?  Good god.  It's a self-indulgent enterprise by practice. 

When you look back in time, however, you only see the few memorable philosophers. You don't see most of the mediocre garbage, which has been lost to memory and record. When you look at current philosophy, you see tons and tons of published BS. It's not worse or more self-indulgent, it just hasn't had either the opportunity to stand the test of time and scrutiny or the opportunity to be forgotten. 
[deleted]
I sorta understand what he is saying but i believe he is being too hard on philosphy as a whole, i don't know maybe it's just my opinion but first he talks about filosofy being of a use to the world, as if it was, sure it can influence the mind and change the perspectives of humans but all in all it's to think question and be critical of all things their purpose reason and outcome. I feel that all philosophy is good(almost all....) and it is good for humans to become more self aware, maybe some people have weaker philosophys but the fact that they are already beggining to think and become critical is already a start.... maybe i'm overthinking this, i don't even feel like i was able to explain what i thought
If all you see is darkness, then be the light. Didn't Dennett want atheists to be called "brights"? What light does he bring? I've not heard a word from him that shed any light on anything. His solution to the mind-body problem is to do an illusion trick and say "I tricked you! Therefor your subjective experience isn't real!"... and people applaud and take that seriously. It's utter nonsensical reasoning. 
Agreed, and I guess to a certain extent you could say that about the majority of academic fields. What's the point of generating new knowledge if it's limited to the insular world of academia, and not benefitting society at large? Making philosophy more accessible to a wider range of people (read: not over-complex wording), and as the article states, interdisciplinary collaboration would imo make philosophy a lot more useful. And not 'useful' as in solely through a capitalist lens (i.e. profitable). 
Omg, so much this! This reminds me of scientific research papers.

Just look at the science research dislipline and the traffic they are creating.

Not only are they publishing work that not many people will read, but also the majority of the published work is only based off niches, so much so to a degree that the students somehow coorelated point A with point Z

How many research papers come out saying that a  new habit has been causing you cancer this whole time, and that old habit isn't as bad as we assumed?
He sounds as if his philosophy has taken root in scientism, which is pretty hostile toward philosophy.  He also seems to disprove his own theory that the ego doesn't exist.
Maybe philosophy shouldn'T be about everyone, but you.    
I've always felt like philosphy encouraged all kinds of people to think about what they do and why they do it, and, as a result, what people do ,and why they do it. They then seek legitimacy for them to behave the way they behave.   
We should deal with problems of mankind, but not for the sake of mankind, so that everyone should see for himself, instead to be brainwashed by other philosopher(even though this could maybe lead back to doing it for mankind).
[removed]
While I do still think that some elements philosophy (maybe just some of the tools) have an important place in our scientific pursuits, our discourse on right and wrong, our political positioning and some other niches, I generally agree that some (maybe most?) philosophy amounts to little more than armchair pondering with little connection to the real world and too many run-on sentences.
But is this a self-indulgent view, or an arrogant one. He either falls into the category of self-indulgent philosophy, thereby calling his views into question, or he doesn't, but by making this statement and not including his own views as possibly self-indulgent then he seems arrogant. If arrogance is the case, then his hubris also calls these vies into question.
[deleted]
To be totally honest I'm taking what he's saying with a grain of salt. To be compared with the likes of Richard Dawkins as a philosopher is worrying, as there is much philosophical value in religious culture. This isn't saying anything about the religious institution, particularly the Christian one, mind you.
Well you look at how a lot of great philosophers throughout time have talked about how fucked up the world is. I think we are all starting to realize that you can't fix stupid. Thousands of years worth of great ideas and alternatives has done absolutely nothing. If anything, as a society we have gone backwards. So a philosopher that wasn't self indulgent in this time, would not even remotely be heard.  No one right now wants to hear how fucked up our world is. Philosophy these days is treated like conspiracy theories. People would rather live their ignorant, blissful, religious, proletariat lives 

the only ways to be recognized in a field like this are to write books and hope you get recognized after death. Or speak as a voice of the people. Regardless, it requires a following. The easiest way to "woo" the general public is dumbed down pointless claims that the general dumbed down populace can relate with. Ask a million people if they know, or better yet, care about philosophy. Most don't. I believe darwins evolution theory is still in play. Most humans have intelligence no greater then a monkey. Talk about taking bugs off each other's backs and they will jump for joy because they can relate
I'm sorry, but what I got from this was that Dennett basically thinks that his disinterest in the current state of academic philosophy counts as a reason to think of it as useless and self-indulgent. He may think it's pointless but certainly those who are practicing do not and would obviously argue that it is *not* pointless. I certainly don't think it's pointless and I'm not even a philosophy graduate. This makes Dennett look like the old man who doesn't like where his country is going and complains about it - unfortunately, despite trying to make philosophy seem more relevant, he ends up making it seem completely unimportant or even silly by arguing that it currently is unimportant and silly. Unfortunately for Dennett, philosophers will study what they find interesting, despite what Dennett personally feels about the subject. Dennett has an agenda that may not match with the agendas of others and he can't complain unless he's going to explain why his agenda is superior.

What we need more of in analytic philosophy are *projects* - instead of focusing on smaller issues forever, look at the bigger picture. See how these individual problems mesh together into a coherent picture of reality. Be conscientious of scientific discoveries.

Projects defined the great thinkers of the past. Aristotle was arguably the first to put down a truly systematic metaphysical framework, in which practically every other philosopher (and scientist) is indebted to. The same goes with Aquinas, Augustine, Leibniz, Spinoza, Descartes, Hume, Kant, Heidegger, etc.

The last major analytic philosopher who made such a metaphysical project happen, that I can think of, is David Lewis (the guy who was responsible for the famous modal realism of possible worlds), and he's dead. Right now, we have an overflow of papers concerning specific metaphysical ideas, in particular composition and object-hood, but nobody seems to really be concentrated on formulating a broader picture of reality and putting all these pieces together. The naturalized metaphysicians are somewhat unified under a vague concept of scientific priority and "naturalism", and Neo-Aristotelianism/Neo-Scholasticism is beginning to emerge, but these also can be more reactionary than enlightening.

A great example, I think, of a non-analytic philosopher who has created such a project is Meillassoux, who, in loose relation to Grant, Harman and Brassier, has helped create what is called the speculative realism movement. Meillassoux, in his book *After Finitude*, points out the inherent *correlationism* is modern continental thought, and argues that if correlationists are to be honest, they should be able to actually inform certain scientific disciplines, such as cosmology or geology, that what these scientists are studying *never actually happened*, placing philosophy firmly before scientific inquiry in this particular case. Now Meillassoux isn't an advocate of correlationism per se, but rather formulates a speculative realism that attempts to by-pass this epistemic gap. Whether you agree with him or not, Meillassoux's project is indeed a project, and an impressive one that at. It's too bad continental and analytic philosophy continues to be separated in some sense, they could learn a lot from each other.
Yeah, well, so is living at all.
*"Philosophy is the applied misuse of terms invented for that purpose."*

If that has a familiar ring to it... then QED, imo. Another problem that has dogged philosophy through the ages is that theology somehow got elevated to being a "serious" branch of philosophy. I suspect that has had a historically deleterious effect not only on progress within the field, but also on wider perceptions of philosophy, greatly inhibiting its appeal to everyman, and further impeding it's adoption as a worthwhile subject.

The inestimable gains of the 20^th century came not so much from cerebral or material products of the enlightenment as from the availability of cheap fossil fuels. That should be evident from our *incredible* species-wide failure to slough off the use of them in the face of human-caused global warming (pls don't call it climate change, it's not alarming enough).

Consider this:  
A main feature of the theory of evolution is the necessity for inter-and intra-species competition. Humanity, with its capability for language, has evolved into a species that **lies** as a means of competing, thus it has been argued that mankind also developed the necessary counterpart to worthwhile lying: the ability for humans to be duped. Notice that children begin to lie in order to gain advantage the same week they learn to speak (this occurs *before* they develop theory of mind).

But the fields of science and philosophy require a suspension of lying in order to succeed. This creates a huge divide between "humanity" and "humanity's intellectual leaders". Bridging it requires the acceptance of uncomfortable truths. But "uncomfortable" *means* they don't get accepted by the vast majority of people.
Well a lot of philosophy deals with questions where little to no consensus has been reached. Many of these questions may be misguided, not have an answer, or not have an answer humans could ever discover. For example, the hard question of consciousness. Is it even a meaningful question? Is philosophy centered around this issue self-indulgent? I would say that we don't know because maybe we will come to a consensus on it one day. But maybe we'll keep running in circles
This cracks me up, because I took a class with him, and he rambled for 85% of the lecture
Dogmatists who think they've arrived at a certain answer usually do think attempts at other answers are fruitless. 

Unfortunately for Dennett, he has yet to discover that his philosophy is merely a modern re-iteration of Cartesian Dualism, and is rationally untenable. 

He'll never figure it out though, because he's already sure he has the answers. 
Dennett's conclusion is a much more well-informed/well-read version of what I tell people when discussing why I didn't continue past undergrad philosophy
When Richard Dawkins and Sam Harris were mentioned as prominent philosophers I couldn't take the article seriously. 
[removed]
disclaimer: I'm posting an ad hominem comment here that does not address the validity of the OPs claim. 

He is one of the most famous living... pop-philosophers* 

Yes, Daniel Dennett is the most academic of the New Atheists, but let's not act like he is a champion of the field of Philosophy. One could argue that his use of the academic philosophy title to promote himself as one of the four horsemen of the New Athiest movement was "self-indulgent."
This is the sorta thing that turned me off from philosophy in school. Privileged people patting themselves on the back rather than doing anything practical.
Could this be because overtime philosophy has become either more or less connected with science and statistics and more about just questioning everything based on there own moral standpoint. 
[removed]
[removed]
Except when we, you know,actually die.
this is like saying that the waves in a pond are the pebble which created them. maybe it is good as bed time story for children.
This is a recent article by Caspar Hare, Professor of Philosophy at MIT. Professor Hare will also be doing an AMA **TODAY at 1PM EST** - please see [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/500kvj/ama_announcement_tuesday_830_1pm_est_caspar_hare/) where you can submit questions ahead of time, or join us later today in welcoming Prof. Hare to our community.

**INTRODUCTION**:

> In
some
cases
the
morality
of
action
is
an
inter-­‐personal
affair.
I
am
obliged
to
do
something
and
there
is
a
person
to
whom
I
am
obliged
to
do
it.
I
do
wrong
and
there
is
a
person
I
wrong.
Some
routine
examples:
I
do
wrong,
and
wrong
you,
by
doing
something
bad
for
you,
by
feeding
you
contaminated
meat.
I
do
wrong,
and
wrong
you,
by
failing
to
do
something
good
for
you,
by
ignoring
your
S.O.S.
I
do
wrong,
and
wrong
you,
by
violating
your
rights,
by
stealing
your
stuff.
I
do
wrong,
and
wrong
you,
by
disrespecting
you,
by
brazenly
discounting
your
opinions.

> In
other
cases
this
may
not
be
so.
I
am
obliged
to
do
something
and
yet
there
is
no
person
to
whom
I
am
obliged
to
do
it.
I
do
wrong
without
wronging
any
person.
Some
routine
examples:
I
do
wrong
by
failing
to
vote
in
an
uncompetitive
election.
I
do
wrong
by
thinking
impure
thoughts
of
nobody
in
particular.
I
do
wrong
by
destroying
an
item
of
transcendent
beauty,
never
seen.
(I
say
‘may
not
be’
because
all
such
examples
are
controversial.
It
is
tempting
to
think
that
the
morality
of
action
is
by
nature
inter-­‐personal.
Why
would
a
moral
consideration
give
rise
to
something
as
weighty
as
an
obligation
if
it
did
not
have
to
do
with
someone’s
interests,
someone’s
rights
or
someone’s
dignity?
So
for
any
putative
example
of
impersonal
obligation
there
is
either
a
hidden
victim
–
perhaps
I
very
mildly
wrong
each
of
my
fellow
citizens
by
failing
to
vote,
wrong
all
people
of
a
certain
kind
by
thinking
impure
thoughts
of
people
like
that,
wrong
all
people
who
might
possibly
have
born
witness
to
the
item
of
transcendent
beauty
by
destroying
it
–
or
no
obligation
at
all.)

 > And
some
cases
fall
curiously
in
the
middle.
In
these
cases
a
moral
obligation
may
seem,
prima
facie,
to
be
between
one
person
and
another,
but
it
proves
to
be
difficult,
on
reflection,
to
put
a
finger
on
exactly
who
that
other
person
is.
One
case
that
has
received
a great
deal
of
attention
from
philosophers
is
the
‘Same
Number
Non-­‐Identity
Case’1
(In
brief:
I
knowingly,
for
no
good
reason,
bring
an
unhealthy
child
into
existence
when
I
could
have
brought
a
numerically
distinct,
healthy
child
into
existence
a
month
later.
It
may
seem,
prima
facie,
as
if
I
have
wronged
someone,
but
who
exactly
have
I
wronged?
The
unhealthy
child
would
not
have
existed
if
I
had
acted
more
responsibly.)
I
want
to
talk
about
a
different
class
of
cases,
a
class
of
cases
that
have
received
less
direct
attention
from
philosophers,
here.
The
cases
involve
actions
that
seem,
prima
facie,
to
bring
about
great
harm
or
benefit,
without
greatly
harming
or
benefiting
any
particular
people.

> Here’s
how
the
paper
will
go:
In
section
2
I
will
try
to
give
an
accurate
characterization
of
some
representative
cases
and
of
the
problem
they
raise.
In
sections
3
and
4
I
will
develop
what
I
take
to
be
the
best
argument
that
the
lack
of
great
of
harm
or
benefit
to
particular
people
in
these
cases
matters.
In
section
5
I
will
somewhat
tentatively
suggest
that
if
it
does
matter,
it
does
not
matter
very
much.
Our
moral
obligations
are
not
significantly
weakened
by
the
absence
of
a
person
to
whom
we
are
obliged.
Soundcloud page comming soon? I don't have iTunes
First tip: don't call it that. It feels like people will either pronounced it panp-sci-cast or pansy-cast!
Gonna give it a try and then I'll feedback ;) 
Listening right now...
The xml feed is:
 http://thepanpsychist.com/panpsycast2?format=rss
Change the name. Seriously. 
Just gonna chime in with my two cents that the name is perfectly fine
Thank you to everyone who has given us feedback! We're in the early stages of this project and everything you have suggested has been extremely valuable.

In regards to the name and slogan, I agree, the name has pronunciation issues! It was chosen because my research focuses primarily on panpsychism. The initial purpose of the podcast was to support students at the schools where we (and our friends) are teaching. These students will already be aware of the pronunciation of 'pan-psy-chist'/'pan-psy-chism', and should be fine with 'pan-psy-cast'. If it is mispronounced as 'pansy-cast', this is welcomed - if not slightly encouraged!

The response we have received from the community has been overwhelming and unexpected. Thank you to everyone who has subscribed to us. It was not our intention for the podcast to gain traction and become popular outside of secondary schools. In fact, we feel podcasts such as [The Partially Examined Life](http://www.partiallyexaminedlife.com) and the [History of Philosophy without any gaps](http://www.historyofphilosophy.net) provide a more appropriate style and selection of content for general audiences; compared to our more 'A01'/factual/exam/school-focused project. If people outside of schools are finding it useful and engaging, this is amazing! The more people interested in philosophy, the better. In the future, we will aim the show at both pupils and non-pupils, whilst continuing to pitch it at an A-level (post-16 high school) standard.

Generally speaking, the podcast is supposed to be a bit of fun. We lecture our students all day; engaging with them solely in a formal manner during the school day. So we asked, how can we encourage them to continue studying philosophy when the bell goes? Philosophy can be laid back; out of hours it can be more playful, more ['Bungie'](http://www.halo.wikia.com/wiki/7_Steps_to_World_Domination). They weren't seeing this side to it. Something I enjoyed during my undergrad was [Pub Philosophy](http://www.philosophyinpubs.co.uk). Taking philosophy out of its serious, academic setting, into a more light-hearted, informal setting, can be incredibly unique and inspirational. From our use of questioning, to the style and content of each conversation, we're thinking pedagogically about everything we're doing. I hope this inspires all of our listeners.

Thank you again for all of your feedback and support. To those of you who have subscribed, we're incredibly excited to go on this journey with you. We're recording the next episode of The Pansycast, I mean The Panpsycast, next week. Thank you again!

Jack
I don't like your slogan / mission statement:

> Hello and welcome to The Panpsycast! A philosophy podcast that aspires to support students of philosophy... we also plan to take over the world... stick around for details!

You're not [Bungie](http://halo.wikia.com/wiki/7_Steps_to_World_Domination). I don't think this is the right approach because it doesn't pitch an inclusive idea as your aim. Instead, the slogan seems to be 'one thought for one goal' through implication, thus alienating an audience of outsiders, newcomers, or different opinions. "*We're* taking over, come join *us!*" Or the slogan is just meant as a joke and I'm not supposed to take it (or you) seriously in whatever your real mission actually is - since you chose to not just go with that instead.

In all seriousness, your name coupled with your slogans are the first things people are going to see when they come to you. If they don't feel welcome, the buck stops there. Rather than being on the "playful" side of come join us in our domination goal, why not instead take a more inclusive approach like:

> Hello and welcome to The Panpsycast! A philosophy podcast that aspires to support students of philosophy... *we aim to awaken fellow free thinkers all over the world...* stick around for details!

[Panpsychism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Panpsychism) doesn't imply a group hivemind as the current slogan might suggest. Please consider changing it as Philosophy ought to be presented in an accessible way with dignity, if you truly believe it to be an important endeavor.
I have two worries about this.

First, what might be an example of the third sort of thought experiment? Is the author thinking of Twin Earth cases, or something more remote like zombies?

Second, the argument against the third kind of thought experiment is underdeveloped. What notion of sense data is being used here, and why are thought experiments that include stipulated facts other than those that can be known by sense data on less firm footing than those that involve only stipulated facts that can be known by sense data? The conceptual link between conceptual intuitions and sense data is not made clear here. 
I would say the [Chinese Room Argument](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_room) is actually an example of the third kind of thought experiment given here, not the second. It *seems* like it has a logical framework, but the conclusion doesn't follow from the premises, therefore it isn't sound. Daniel Dennett coined the phrase "[intuition pump](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intuition_pump)" in talking about the Chinese Room:

>In *Consciousness Explained*, he uses the term to describe John Searle's Chinese room thought experiment, characterizing it as designed to elicit intuitive but incorrect answers by formulating the description in such a way that important implications of the experiment would be difficult to imagine and tend to be ignored.
I'm pretty sure that the first kind of thought experiment is usually called "doing mathematics" or "calculating logic." In the example he gives, these are empirical calculations just like working out the trajectory of a thrown ball.
The audio is very poor, and the slides are not shown directly - I'm afraid this is basically unintelligible. Do you have another version of this?
This is a FREE online philosophy course being run by Caspar Hare, Professor of Philosophy at MIT. Professor Hare will also be doing an AMA **tomorrow at 1PM EST** - please see [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/500kvj/ama_announcement_tuesday_830_1pm_est_caspar_hare/) where you can submit questions ahead of time, or join us tomorrow in welcoming Prof. Hare to our community.

The course blurb is as follows:

> 

>This philosophy course has two goals. The first goal is to introduce you to the things that philosophers think about. We will look at some perennial philosophical problems: Is there a God? What is knowledge, and how do we get it? What is the place of our consciousness in the physical world? Do we have free will? How do we persist over time, as our bodily and psychological traits change?

>The second goal is to get you thinking philosophically yourself. This will help you develop your critical reasoning and argumentative skills more generally. Along the way we will draw from late, great classical authors and influential contemporary figures.

You can read an article about the course [here](http://news.mit.edu/2016/mitx-philosophy-mooc-introduces-instructor-grading-0815) at MIT News. There's also a piece at Inside Higher Ed [here](https://www.insidehighered.com/blogs/higher-ed-gamma/moocs-and-beyond#) about the grading option.



Wow. What an awful article.

>Can one man -- a man who died in 1831 -- be blamed for Nazism, Communism and even the uprisings in places like Milwaukee and Ferguson? 

Drinking game: Take a shot every time this article low-key compares BLM with Nazis.

>Karl Popper, Leo Strauss and Ayn Rand all suggested G.W.F Hegel, the greatest philosopher of the nineteenth century, contributed to the most malignant totalitarian systems in history.

He also inspired Marx, who was is one of the fathers of modern sociology. Nuance is a necessity when talking about Hegel, but I wouldn't expect any from Ayn Rand.

>Hegel interpreted reality as a struggle between two competing ideas, the thesis and anti-antithesis. Like atoms, they are the most fundamental units of all visible events. After intense conflict, the struggle between these antagonistic ideas resolves with the emergence of a synthesis which adopts elements from the thesis and anti-thesis, thus creating a new level of reality. Another thesis and anti-thesis emerge from the synthesis and the process begins anew. This is the dialectic, more specifically the Idealist dialect since it’s based on conflict between ideas.   

This is a gross oversimplification of the Hegelian dialectic, and dialectics in general. Hegelian analysis, and other dialectical analyses are *always* more complicated than thesis-antithesis-synthesis, but it seems no one bothers to pay attention to that.

Translating "Aufhebung" as synthesis has been debated, but I don't speak German so I don't know anything outside the fact that it is debated. 

>Hegel was a holist, so he believed that individuals don’t exist in isolation, but are formed by the larger group 

You're missing the point: your free will is limited by the conditions of your reality. Individuals don't make decisions without their personal experience coming into play, and this personal experience arise from the social conditions (although I'm more of a materialist than Hegel, so I'd argue these conditions are material, not ideological). Like Marx said, people "make their own history, but they do not make it just as they please; they do not make it under circumstances chosen by themselves, but under circumstances directly encountered, given and transmitted from the past."

>(accordingly, both Nazis and Communists were anti-individual).

Also an inaccuracy, based on oversimplification. I can't speak for the Nazis (although some classical fascists drew heavily from Nietzsche), but defining "the Communists" as anti-individual is entirely ahistorical and an unjustified generalization. Perhaps various post-Marx, authoritarian interpretations of Marxism like Leninism, Maoism, etc (apparently the only Communists worth talking about...it's like anarchism doesn't exist!) opposed the individual, but many Marxists and anarchists, myself included, see communism as a reconciliation of the individual vs. society dichotomy. [This](https://libcom.org/library/right-be-greedy-theses-practical-necessity-demanding-everything) was written to explain how the dialectical progression of individual selfishness progresses towards communism, or communism being the highest form of egoism. 

If you're going to generalize, at least pretend to be nuanced. 

>All of their actions are not determined by free will, but the conditions that reared them, in this case white society. For a second, let’s assume the worst and that the young black men were killed due to their race. But why can’t this be interpreted as one individual with free-will killing another? Can’t the police officers just be bad apples? Do they have to represent a bigger, deeper issue in America?

Again, any individual's free will is limited by their reality. You are dealt cards, but get to choose how to play those cards once they are dealt. In the case of police officers, each individual cop that kills an unarmed black man is acting in their own free will, but their ability to make that decision and the circumstances of that decision only arose due to the reality around them.

>Like the person in the montage, little details don’t matter. 

Look in a fucking mirror.

>Whether the police officers are individually racist is a moot point. The protestors know, or think they know, because they understand the reality of American society. Is it possible that race had nothing to do with the shooting the young man? Of course it is, but for the protestors, this interpretation doesn’t conform to their reality, a reality that asserts the existence an African-American class struggling against the oppressive white race.

Accuse your opponents of projecting their narrative onto reality, while projecting your simplistic understanding of communism onto history. Stay classy.

>Marx took Hegel’s ideas out of the hands of the academic philosophers and brought it to the streets through works like the Communist Manifesto. 

The Manifesto isn't a serious philosophical treatise. It's more of an introduction to some brief ideas Marx had, and some of the immediate goals of communists during his time. I don't remember a heavily reliance on dialectics, but it's been years since I've read it.

----

Anyway, this nonsense belongs in r/badphilosophy. Crawl back over to r/the_Donald; you fit in more over there, as demonstrated by your post history.
It's instructive to note what other subs this was submitted to.
>Hegel interpreted reality as a struggle between two competing ideas, the **thesis and anti-antithesis.** Like atoms, they are the most fundamental units of all visible events. After intense conflict, the struggle between these antagonistic ideas resolves with the emergence of a synthesis which adopts elements from the thesis and anti-thesis, thus creating a new level of reality. Another thesis and anti-thesis emerge from the synthesis and the process begins anew. This is the dialectic, more specifically the Idealist dialect since it’s based on conflict between ideas.

This ridiculous article can't even get the Wikipedia version of Hegel right!

>Hegel was a holist, so he believed that individuals don’t exist in isolation, but are formed by the larger group (accordingly, both Nazis and Communists were anti-individual)

As opposed to what, individuals existing in total isolation?
>Is it possible that race had nothing to do with the shooting the young man? Of course it is, but for the protestors, this interpretation doesn’t conform to their reality, a reality that asserts the existence an African-American class struggling against the oppressive white race

The reality is the inequality in the criminal justice system, one empirically observable through the disparity in incarceration rates and sentencing lengths. A real, concrete, observable material condition.

Hey, look at that, I just tied BLM to Marxist material dialectics! Must be Marx's fault, too.

Hegel has been the reactionary boogieman for as long as there has been a Hegel, the deadhorse they can't help but to keep beating. I swear, you could write this article without ever having read it, these arguments are so cyclical.
Someone's once read the preface to an introduction to Hegel and wrote an article.

This is quite bad.
[removed]
This is the latest video in our brand new mini-course on Epistemology and Theory of knowledge!

**Summary:**
In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Geoff Pynn](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/geoff-pynn) (Northern Illinois) introduces virtue epistemology, an approach to epistemology that takes intellectual virtue as the central concept in discussions of theory of knowledge.  Along the way, he shows how virtue epistemology can provides interesting solutions to some of the problems that we've encountered so far in the series.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi
This sounds like a randomly generated article.

A bit like the [Chopra Wisdom Generator](http://wisdomofchopra.com).

Or the postmodernism generator.

I had a good chuckle.
Thank you for this!  It gives me an excuse to dust off my purple bible ;)
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
So Avicenna is "underappreciated" even though he's basically the only Islamic philosopher anyone knows, but Ibn Khaldun, who was Hegel 500 years before Hegel, doesn't even make the list?

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ibn_Khaldun
Al-Ghazali is also worthwhile to look into. He was really significant in the philosophical tradition and Averroes' (not Avicenna's as I had said) Incoherence of the Incoherence is a direct response to his Incoherence of the Philosophers which essentially condemns Neoplatonism in Islam as heretical and does so through use of philosophy. It's really significant. In a way he was Hume before Hume. He even denies causation as a knowable relation to basically make fun of the ability of philosophy to discern truth.
I dont know why but this post kind of motivates me as a syrian I can still have a place in this world. Thanks.
For truly  great philosophy go read "sohrevardi".
Also most of Islamic philosophy is from Iranians.
You can read great philosophy hidden in poems of molana ,hafiz,khayam and others but sohrevardy is on a different level.henry Corbin has written some books about him and Islamic philosophy.go read that.
For people how didn't read Islamic philosophy and  came here to connect Islamic philosophy to current state of Muslims and Islam,you are so stupid.:). they're great and it's your loss for not reading it.
Red intellect is recommended but for people familiar with Islamic philosophy's core,as a Persian it took me around seven years to partially understand it.
Sad that Al Ma'arri hasn't been included on this list. Many of his writings, especially his poems, contained philosophical views arguably ahead of his time.

For instance, take this criticism of religion:

"O fools awake! The rites you sacred hold
are but a cheat contrived by men of old
who lusted after wealth and having gained their lust
died in baseness - and their law is dust."

As translated in 'Why I Am Not A Muslim' by Ibn Warraq.
Cool that the list doesn't only include thinkers from around 1000 A.D but more modern ones too. I have heard much good things about Mernissi but havn't read anything by her. Any one here have any opinions regarding her?
Avicenna is under appreciated? Avicenna and Averroes are the most well know muslim philosophers in the West.
Ibn Rushd (Averroes) 
Ok, so it bothered me that I could not go through the list while on mobile the whole day. [Someone else](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/4zyxhr/ten_under_appreciated_philosophers_from_the/d6zx3xi) seems to have had similar problems. For those in the same predicament as myself, follow [this link](http://paradoxoftheday.com/ten-underappreciated-philosophers-of-the-islamic-world/), which is basically a copy-paste, but mobile friendly.

As for the list itself, it seems indeed that some of the great minds are missing, but other great minds are included. Avicenna is far from being underappreciated (while Averroes, who is on the same level is not on the list).

But one whose philosophical work is truly underappreciated is Omar Khayyam, who has always been 'plagued' by being a great poet popularised in the 19th century by Edward FitzGerald, while prior to that being 'plagued' by being a great mathematician (I mean truly great). For those interested, http://omarkhayyam.tk has some resources like poetry and mathematical achievements, while the [SEP article](http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/umar-khayyam/) is about his philosophical works. The author of the SEP article has written a great book by the title Wine of Wisdom.
Huh this is a surprising list.

It does not mention Al-Ashari or Al-Maturidi, or Al-Ghazali. Although these are primarily theologians, they still had a massive influence on philosophy.

No mention of Ibn Khaldun as /u/slash196 points out.

Avicenna (Ibn Sina) makes the list, Averroes (Ibn Rushd) doesn't.

Mulla Sadra is absent.

No Ibn Taymiyya, although he is more of an anti-philosopher. Love him or hate him, his impact was significant.

From the modern thinkers, they had Abduh and Mernissi, but no Sir Muhammad Iqbal.

Strange choices, although I love Dr.Adamson's podcast.
Sa'adia Gaon was a Jewish rabbi. 'Gaon' is an honorific for chief rabbi of a community.  Might as well call Maimonedes "lslamic".
Is Ghazzali not on the list because hes 'appreciated'?
Awesome, thank you so much !!

We need more of this stuff to remind Islam of its glorious past.
The author of the book Peter Adamson is pretty cool. His History of Philosophy podcast is amazingly in depth. 10/10 do recommend. It's easily found on the podcast app for iPhone 
Wonderful! Can't wait to read up on then 
[removed]
[removed]
I have not heard of many of these. The list still lacks a few people that I see others have commented on, but I can't believe that Ibn Taymiyyah ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ibn_Taymiyyah ) did not get on the list.

He was like a muslim Wittgenstein. (not exactly, but had some similarities. Worked with "what can philosophy say and not say" and that sort of thing)
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Thanks for doing this AMA, Dr. Hare. From what I've read here, you believe the fundamental principle we work from should be one relatively uncontested and humble, but is this only because you value humbleness? Why should I follow this principle anymore than the principle of arrogance, a principle which I value?
This AMA is being permanently archived by *The Winnower*, a publishing platform that offers traditional scholarly publishing tools to traditional *and* non-traditional scholarly outputs—because scholarly communication doesn’t just happen in journals.

To cite this AMA please use: [https://doi.org/10.15200/winn.147241.10244](https://www.thewinnower.com/papers/5287-ama-announcement-tuesday-8-30-1pm-est-caspar-hare-mit-on-ethics-rationality-and-edx-intro-to-philosophy-mooc)

You can learn more and start contributing at [*thewinnower.com*](https://thewinnower.com)

Hello Professor Hare! Thank you for doing this AMA!

I love philosophy, though I'm not in the field. I took your MOOC "Introduction to Philosophy" and I particularly loved the section about knowledge, it was very thought provoking. 

As a nurse, I briefly studied ethics and deontology in school, and I liked it, bioethics specifically, and wish I could learn more about it, but I'm not sure where to start. Do you have any suggestions?
Dr. Hare,

Disagreements in philosophy are known to be the norm, including in ethics. I am more than slightly worried that the multitude of ethical theories affects real life decision-making negatively as well as weakens ethical thinking. It's as if a de facto moral relativism is being maintained (implicitly), apparently by everyone. Do you believe this relativism to be a desirable standard? With these in mind, what do you think would a deontologist have to say to a consequentialist to have the latter adopt his position as the correct one, and vice versa? Predictably, my scenario also applies to virtue ethicists and all the rest. More personal: what would another person have to advance with regards to your own theory in order for you to adopt his fundamental principle and then proceed from there?

For your information, I ask as an outsider who happens to have a real life ethical problem. 

Thanks.
Hello Dr. Hare and thank you for doing this AMA. I have two questions I would like to ask you.

1. What is your take on the eastern philosophical concept of meditative renunciation?

2. What according to you is the purpose of philosophy? Not why should someone study it but when should IT be studied.
What do you think about the work of Michael Thompson?
Hello Professor Hare! From all the online-based courses in philosophy I've taken so far, yours has been one of my favorite. 

1) Academic philosophy seems to be going downhill with cut-downs of departments and prominent figures criticizing the field. What is the future of academic philosophy? What is currently being done to improve its security?

2) Some people think that philosophy isn't something that can be done well. What is expertise in philosophy? How to distinguish a good philosopher from a bad one? 

3) How did you become interested in philosophy? Why did you decide to pursue professional philosophy? 

4) As a beginner philosophy student, is it a good idea to start with meta-ethics in my research to build a theoretical foundation and move to normative ethics and practical ethics later?
Can a sound and convincing argument be proven wrong by science? Are there prominent examples of that?
I would argue that Plato is talking about spirituality and enlightenment here, giving a metaphor for the Elusian Mysteries, of which he said (concerning the [Lesser Mysteries](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eleusinian_Mysteries#Lesser_Mysteries)): _"the ultimate design of the Mysteries … **was to lead us back** to the principles from which we descended, … a perfect enjoyment of intellectual [spiritual] good."_

In that same Wikipedia article, Cicero is quoted as saying:

>_For among the many excellent and indeed divine institutions which your Athens has brought forth and contributed to human life, none, in my opinion, is better than those mysteries. For by their means we have been brought out of our barbarous and savage mode of life and educated and refined to a state of civilization; and as the rites are called "initiations," so in very truth we have learned from them the beginnings of life, and have gained the power not only to live happily, but also to die with a better hope._

>-Cicero, Laws II, xiv, 36

.

As to what the Allegory of the Cave means in the context of spirituality, that depends on the spiritual tradition, but the description of pain upon awakening to the "real world," and then deciding to return to those who haven't awakened, in order to help them is a common theme throughout all the world's religions and spiritual traditions.

Just a thought.


Sorry for any typos or grammatical errors. I see a few spots where I could have used different wording, and also some where I added some words without fixing surrounding words, capital letters, etc. Just trying to hurry and get an edit in because my last post had comments frozen. I'm new to Reddit, but I'm trying to learn the right way to do things. Excuse my bumps and bruises in the process.
Edit: moved reply up to correct spot^^^
What do you mean when you say that the world of shadows from the allegory is 'controlled'?
Your general point seems to be that we should consider different viewpoints. Sure, no issues here. However, this doesn't mean that we should take all viewpoints as plausible, or not rule out certain ones just because of the sort of reasoning that produced them.

The general issue with conspiracy theories, narrowly construed, is that they don't have solid evidence behind them -- if they did, we would no longer call them conspiracy theories. More importantly, they seem to be immune to disproof: all reasonable indications that they are incorrect are explained away as lies/coverups/etc. by the supposed conspirators. If a viewpoint cannot be disproved by any possible evidence, this is usually a solid indication that it's ultimately vacuous. So if someone wants us to accept a conspiracy theory of this sort, we have a pretty good reason not to take them seriously until/unless it can be justified with better reasoning.


I think that seeking a proof that you aren't being ensnared by shadows just allows you to be ensnared by shadows of logic and certainty. Also needing others' agreement or to convince them seems a recipe to be ensnared by shadows. If you are finding light, your calm actions based on it will be a necessary component of convincing others.
Turing machines don't produce theorems in languages that they know the meaning of, any more than your neurons produce lies by not firing when they know they should. 

And of course a Turing machine could be programmed to present a theorem as being true when it knows it's not true, without being inconsistent. 

You're mixing levels of formalism, as well as failing to describe what you mean, so furiously it's difficult to figure out what you're even saying.

What language do you think L is? What's an example?

What does it mean for a Turing machine to "know" a theorem is true, or derivable?
You have a very rigorous definition of "lie" here, so im not sure that you've properly evidenced premise 4. I'll play devil's advocate and try to undermine your argument by attacking this premise.

Of course humans can lie in the normal sense, but your definition of a lie is much different. For a person to lie in the normal sense, he first must know ¬φ, and then he must convince someone else (or himself) that φ is true. He does not use a formal proof because proving a false statement is impossible for a consistent TM. Thus, he only uses incomplete evidence to make φ *plausible*. 

For a lie to occur under your argument, a person would have to prove ¬φ first and then prove φ. Human lies do not work this way, so you havent properly justified premise 4. 

Therefore, as we have not properly justified premise 4, the conclusion does not follow.
A theorem which produces a genuine lie is a theorem concerning the effect of the lie vs the effect of the truth. You can deduce a correct theorem about your own tardiness, know that it's true, then deduce a theorem to explain exactly why communicating a particular lie is in your best interest. It's not the negation of a true theorem, it's a second true theorem built upon the first. In essence, a genuine lie *is* a true theorem. It shouldn't even present much of a challenge to create a stored program that tells genuine lies i.e. lies for effect based on some limited theory of mind e.g. only likes round numbers, let alone one that randomly tells willful untruths.
The title should be "Argument for why it is not possible for the human mind to be **this specific type** of Turing machine". Specifically, a type of Turing machine that can't lie. For anything a human can do, I could generate a similar class of Turing machines and a similar argument. Your argument has nothing to do with whether I could create an encoding of a human mind that is compatible with a universal Turing machine.
> If a Turing machine is able to know theorem φ to be true, then it must be able to output theorem φ and not be able to output ¬φ

Before that, you'd have to give your Turing Machine legs and eyes. If it is not a proper agent embedded in a world, it has no grounding for truth. Also, it would need to be part of a society and using a language of some kind to communicate to other agents.

If the TM is a member of a society and communicates by language, then lying behavior is very probable to emerge, as long as each TM behaves in order to maximize its own rewards (selfishly).

Of course a TM can lie.

Proof:  Here is a computer program that tells a lie.

> print "2 + 2 = 5"

QED.
The OP is not an argument for what a Turing machine can say, but what it can "believe" or derive to be true.  What such a machine would say, if it would say anything, would be in furtherance of a goal.  If it developed a theory that furthering its goal required it to communicate message X, then whether it had a theory on the truth of X may be irrelevant.

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ARJ8cAGm6JE

[edit: typo]
Why is "deriving a theorem" a barrier to "**presenting** a theorem in language L"?  There's absolutely nothing preventing a turing machine **generating** a list of false theorems and outputting them after all.  

Your argument seems to rely purely on equivocation between *proving* and "producing" a theorem, but of course a human liar doesn't prove the statement they're lying about (otherwise it wouldn't even be a lie, just a mistake).  They merely "produce" it in the sense of speaking/writing/otherwise outputting the lie, which a turing machine is perfectly capable of too.
If you look carefully, what you are really saying is that a TM that calculates φ correctly can not calculate φ incorrectly. This is just a tautology.

When a human lies, they do not make an error in logic- a human can correctly calculate φ and then report its inverse. A TM can be programmed to do the same thing- TM1 computes φ, feeds its output to TM2 which inverts it. Since this kind of composition can be represented as a single machine with the addition of a single deterministic state transition, I have proven by construction that you can build a TM that lies according to your definition- reports ¬φ after internally computing φ and 'knowing it'. 

This can be made more or less 'human like' by changing the conditions under which the second TM inverts its input- either non-deterministically, or in response to other inputs. In other words, if you fed a TM a numeric representation of what it's interests were and how the truth would or wouldn't likely effect its interests, you could program a TM to lie when it was in it's own interest.

For example, consider a computer with a thermometer that reports the temperature, and also knows that its processors work better in colder conditions. It could therefore be programmed to over-report the ambient temperature in order to increase the chances that the cooling system would be turned on. Nothing in this construction is non-deterministic or requires more than reading and writing to memory locations (tapes). You can replace the thermometer with a random oracle that is mis-reported according to a deterministic strategy if you're so inclined.
You already lost me at Premise 1

>My position is that Turing machines are not capable of knowing things in the same way that humans are able to know ideas or facts.

It sounds like you're assuming that the human mind has some sort of unexplained _knowing power_, and reading on, it seems as though you're relying on that premise.  

I'd propose that any "knowledge" that a human mind has is simply the result of a very complex machine, and any sort of lying that a human can do, a theoretical truing machine also can do.   


---

And the proof that a human mind isn't a Turing machine is actually quite trivial.  

A Turing machine has infinite memory.  A human mind does not.  
>A system or entity can commit a lie if and only if it can directly output a theorem in language L (φ) as being true even though it knows the negation of the theorem (¬φ) to be true.

This is nonsense from the perspective of human psychology.  Human beings are not formal logical systems, and do not "output theorems" in "languages" (ie: formal systems).

>Premise 1: If a Turing machine is able to know theorem φ to be true, then it must be able to output theorem φ and not be able to output ¬φ.

You've smuggled in definitions of "know", "able", and "output" here that apply only to formal systems in mathematical logic, and not to human beings *nor* to *any* extent computational or statistical theory of the mind, nor to any proposed models of artificial intelligence.

This is utter rubbish.  Please don't turn it in to whatever class you are taking; compose something decent that can earn a passing grade.
Ok I committed to read line by line. I got stuck on the first point.

> Definition 1: A system or entity can commit a lie if and only if it can present a theorem in language L (φ) as being true even though it knows the negation of the theorem (¬φ) to be true.

In a formal system I have no idea what it means for a proposition to be true or not. I can only tell you whether it follows logically from the axioms via the agreed-on rules of deduction.

To talk about truth, I have to pick a model. Some propositions are true in every model. Those are the theorems. (That fact needs proof. It's essentially Gödel's completeness theorem, which relates syntax to semantics).

In any event I got stuck here because I started worrying: What if there's a lack of clarity between theories and models, between syntax and semantics; and what if this obfuscates the argument?

If I'm all wet and obsessing on a minor semantic point -- maybe you meant "φ is a theorem" and not "φ is true" -- just tell me so.

Or maybe it's an important issue that needs clarification. Just asking. I like to understand each step as I go.
> If a consistent Turing machine 

Why would a Turing machine necessarily be consistent?
You seem to be saying that to lie we must logically deduce whatever statement constitutes the lie to be true. Thats not the case.
Alright I bought the game already, stop with the subtle marketing.
Another concern:

> Premise 1: If a Turing machine is able to know theorem φ to be true, then it must be able to derive theorem φ and not be able to derive ¬φ.

Again, conflating theories and models; validity with truth. 

Also if a TM is inconsistent then it can derive φ and ~φ. You know this because you talk about consistent TMs in the next sentence. Therefore you should rewrite Premise 1 so that it is accurate. 

Also, TMs don't "know" anything. A given TM computes a particular function. It can be interpreted as "recognizing" a certain set of strings. But it's not recognizing like you or I recognize anything. You apply an algorithm to a string and it halts on the strings you care about. There is no "knowing" involved in this process; and I wonder if this is perhaps where you might be getting a little off track. 

TMs don't lie OR tell the truth. They flip bits in accordance with a program. *They're pure syntax*. No meaning is attached to anything a TM does. It's people who provide the meaning. 
Thanks for posting this gold mine!
I was just thinking about looking up some of his material. Sam Harris did an interview with him in early July, was good.
[deleted]
Thanks for this. Currently reading Freedom Evolves and finding it very interesting. I'll have to check out some of his academic work. 
I read some of his stuff, was pretty inspiring, thanks for providing this :)
[removed]
ELI5 please
Neoplatonism was alive and well within Christianity before pseudo-dionysius.
[removed]
If anyone is interested this is Proclus' book on Platonic theology that Pseudo-dionysius was supposedly attempting to preserve within the Divine Names. In one sense you could say that makes the Divine Names unnecessary since we have the actual, exoteric Platonic pagan theology out in the open. But OTOH it is likely that the similarity between Proclus and a supposed direct disciple of St.Paul is what lead his work to be preserved in the 1st place. In which case mission accomplished. 

You can read the full text at wikisource

https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/The_Six_Books_of_Proclus,_the_Platonic_Successor,_on_the_Theology_of_Plato

and the translator has a bit of an interesting backstory himself

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Taylor_(neoplatonist)  
That was like, beautiful.
Thanks for that - it's a real shame that we don't get to see more academic papers (in the UK) when we pay taxes for these academics and then companies limit them to paying customers (who paid for the academics and the buildings and the libraries) - it's a complete con, it's a licence to print money by these private companies.
This was established a long time ago by one Lorenzo Valla. 

He also demonstrated that the Declaration of Constantine was a forgery. 

Both these demonstrations were gigantic embarrassments for the Catholic church, essentially destroying their legitimacy, but it was kinda swept under the rug by the looks of things. 

Make no mistake, the Christian theology pressed by St. Thomas Aquinas(who quotes Pseudo-dionysius a very large number of times) was an infiltration into Christianity by Platonists working in Syria, and the Pope's claim to be the Holy Roman emperor is a complete and utter fraud. 

Edit: got the right St. 
I have heard it said that if one read the New Testament by a Platonic interpretation it makes perfect sense. Certainly more sense than without it.
I've never seen such a confusing sentence before... 
this title is the best thing ive read with no context to its meaning 
This is an historical and not a philosophical claim. 
Hi, r/philosophy!   
r/pagan currently has this as the top post. So us Pagans will hang around here for a while.   
This sub is great. Didn't know it existed before.
Wow, makes my desire to read the book I bought that much more
There were many who sought to mix paganism into Christianity.    It's apparent if you go deep.  There are even Greek texts of the Bible with Greek philosophy injected into them.  Sometimes you just gotta change one word to change the whole sentence.   Anyways.....the Catholic Church kinda denies this for the masses  but people in the know can tell ya.   

I'll give you a name to go with this statement.   Origen.   A "Christian" teacher.

He put a lot of outside material into early Christianity.
The Jesus story in the gospels is filled with stories that are variations of those originally belonging too pagan gods and men.

The bread and fishes story is a retell of Elijah who does the same miracle on a smaller scale.

The water into wine is a retell of a Dionysius story.

Practically every Jesus miracle is a retell.

Christians stole the Jewish bible and hijacked the concept of the messiah and pretended it was Jesus, except he wasn't just ask any Jew.

It's particularly interesting that God in the nt is never named, my theory is that way he matches any God for any person. Regardless of religion or culture. Most gods in those places were very similar, Jupiter was the same as Zeus and so on. I. Fact Zeus was pronounced very closely to deus, it's just the z changed in English.
[removed]
If anyone really wants to get a handle on what Nietzsche was on to I highly recommend this lectures set by Dr. Jordan B. Peterson. "Maps of meaning". Its an extraordinary synthesis of Nietzsche, Jung, Darwin, Freud, neuropsychology, religion, and the phenomenologists; and it doesn't stop there...

https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL22J3VaeABQAGbKJNDrRa6GNL0iL4KoOj
You couldn't have posted this at a better time! I'm taking an ethics-focused philosophy class right now, and this echoes some of my thoughts in a way I couldn't articulate so well. I feel like a lot of what we discuss in class is based on unspoken assumptions that I have difficulty reconciling with my own nihilistic, pragmatic way of thinking about these things. Maybe I can even use this in a homework assignment, lol. Thanks for sharing, OP.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
When people suppress their negative emotions, it limits their ability to experience empathy, and makes ethical behavior no longer synonymous with self-interest.  Your emotions come from one valve.  Your feelings aren't a Subway sandwhich.  You can't pick and choose. 

I'm not surprised that this is on the front page at midnight on a Friday because a lot of people on Reddit right now are probably depressed in some way.

Embrace your pain and you will be able to share the joy of others.

Nietzche saying morality weakens someone is like someone without eyes saying warching a sunset weakens someone.

It weakens the person who cannot benefit, but that's because said person has something missing, not because they're stronger than others.
Is Nietzsche arguing for total moral relativism here?  I can't agree with him if that's the case.  It sounds like a 13 year old being contrarian without really considering the implications of his argument.  I know he's much smarter than that, but someone help me out here.
Nietzsche really liked his sister ;) 
[removed]
Ill just comment here to save the video for later. Thanks! :D
[removed]
When the laws a society passes only benefit those who pass the laws then you have tyranny.  Creating laws that punish those at the bottom of pyramid while rewarding those at the top is a clear sign of oppression.  Only a revolt from the bottom can bring about real change.  Refusing to participate in a corrupt system is one way to fight those at the top.  We do not have politicians we have new nobles that serve their elite and powerful kings and queens but those in power have none because the slaves are waking up.  It is our job as free thinkers to wake up the plebs and slaves by working with them against those who think they hold power.  True power comes from God and embracing the suffering of the poor serves as an enlightenment that only benefits you and me but it also enlightens those who you have public discourse with.  God unites us but we have to seek out those who share our views not those who only exist to enslave us.  True revolutions begin at the bottom when our morals and beliefs are challenged with oppressive laws that go against the covenant of God which is the foundation of our beliefs.  The ten commandments exist as our foundation.  Their laws go against our covenant with God.  They seek to destroy our morals but we know better so we refuse to participate since all they do is chain us and beat us when we speak out against them.  Violence begets violence so the only course of action is to stay silent and watch society burn and destroy itself from within.  No God means no country only red and blue states.
Nietzsche ... In one of his books:' the joy of science' he couldn't stop mentioning how much he looked down on humans. He was a self-proclaimed cold blooded Übermensch who in most cases, unfortunately, was in my opinion correct. But still a heartless bastard. Now that's my moral judgment in this so called reality an sich.
I have pointed this out before (as have several other professional philosophers, some of who are antinatalists like myself): that Benatar's formal argument (the asymmetry) is logically flawed, and fundamentally depends on Benatar's material argument (the general mediocrity/shittiness of life). 

The formal argument is flawed because it does not consistently use counterfactuals (*if*...*then* propositions). The absence of pleasure is taken to only be bad if there is someone actually there to experience the deprivation (thus utilizing a counterfactual, possible person...or lack thereof). However, the absence of pain is taken to be good regardless of whether or not there is a person there for whom this absence is good. Benatar explicitly states that his asymmetry is grounded in the interests of potential future people - in which case, the interests of potential people would extend from mere absence of pain to the collection of pleasures.

Benatar actually acknowledges this in his book at the bottom of the page, but rejects it not out of logic (in which the formal argument is supposed to be based upon), but out of disbelief of the consequences of its acceptance. He thinks it is "too strong" of a view to think that the absence of pleasure is bad, and "too weak" of a view to think that the non-existence in general is neutral, and thus calls these views "incoherent". But there is nothing incoherent about these claims, for they are indeed logically valid. They may not be plausible or pragmatic, but this goes outside of the formal and into the material, something Benatar explicitly rejects.

And I don't think there is anything implausible about recognizing that the absence of pleasure is bad. Certainly there does not seem to be anything wrong with lamenting the prevention of pleasure, just as we may rejoice at the prevention of pain.

Furthermore, there is an additional difficulty, in that if the asymmetry is indeed somehow logically valid, then the universe is literally overflowing with good. Which seems implausible. What is more plausible, and indeed, logical, is that the universe without agents is neutral, and the addition of emotional agents can make this either better or worse. 

In regards to Benatar's material argument, I think he is on point, especially with his mention of the Pollyanna principle. However, I think he misses an opportunity to touch upon the inherent *structure* of life that makes it bad, such as the never-ending striving, or the terminality of being. 

So I think Benatar's book is valuable not because it is fool-proof and perfect but because it has the literary balls to question something so culturally significant as birth, in the open. For the first time, those with reservations about birth have a term they can identify with. If nothing more, it opens the door to better, deeper, and more penetrating studies into the human condition that results in the same conclusion, most importantly those of the so-called historical philosophical pessimists.

I just hope that antinatalism, despite being a term coined by Benatar, can, as a movement, distance itself from the formal argument and not depend on it as much as many of its proponents do. I say this because I think it is a flawed concept that, if taken to be scripture, could result in people dismissing antinatalism out of hand without considering the other arguments to be had for this compassion-based view.
I came across this book a while ago, and its title was sufficient to insure my interest in it. (I instantly thought of Cioran, or Adorno and his radical negativity, even though his negativity is predicated on the idea that things can and ought to be different from the way they are.)
It's a book I'm still in the process of perusing, so I don't feel totally comfortable expounding on it until I've completed it.

But I will say that while there is no concept of god in the book as far as I have gotten, there seems to be an element of theodicy deployed here.  I hope the number of this threads' comments go up. Let's get the discussion going! 
These are great if a bit dry at times
It seems like it's more of a summary of "white man" philosophy, much of which had existed in other non-white civilizations prior.  Great content nonetheless, the philosophy is still philosophy regardless of who says it.
I have that book. I'm pretty far into it, but I can start it over.
The web archive has the complete text online for free: [This Spoke Zarathustra by Friedrich Nietzsche](https://www.archive.org/stream/thusspokezarathu00nietuoft/thusspokezarathu00nietuoft_djvu.txt)

What a coincidence. I picked it up at the book store last week for no other reason than I never read enough in my life.

In the translator's introduction there is this from "The Gay Science" :

"The living being is only a species of the dead, and a very rare species..."

I'm in! 
I try to read that book at least for 5 times but couldn't finish it. Reading it needs serious background imo. 
I didn't know it was a book.  I just knew "Thus Spoke Zarathustra" as the theme song from "2001: A Space Odyssey."
And the sub is /r/philosophybookclub
There's a recording of his book done by volunteers over on Librivox for when your eyes get tired: https://librivox.org/thus-spake-zarathustra-by-friedrich-nietzsche/
Hey, I was just starting to read the book! I've never joined in a group reading before. Just in time. 
This is one of my all time favorite books. Neitzsche himself said that if you don't find yourself laughing and crying while c reading it, you didn't understand it. The Kaufman translation is pure gold. 
So I've never been to this sub before. Sounds great. How far into the book are we to be by the September 5th discussion?
Come, let us kill the spirit of gravity!
Does anyone have any recommendations on some background reading to help establish context before digging in? 
so here is the german text as pdf:
http://adriaan.biz/nietzsche/index.html
This is relevant to my username
Reading the french translation right now!
[deleted]
Is this book challenging for beginners?  I just started college and am taking philosophy 101.  I absolutely love the class and the subject, always have been.
I'm really excited to read this with you guys! I'm taking a 300 level existentialism class this semester, hope to have some fun talking this over with you fellas...
Perfect timing! I am a huge fan of Nietzsche's work. I bought the book in advance and am planning to start on it as soon as I finish The Gay Science. 
Oooof course the reddit book club is reading Thus.  
Man, I actually just started reading it a couple of weeks ago. I love how it's written, and I was so invested in the first part that it just sort of flew by, then the second part felt like it sort of stagnated and I haven't started the third yet. Didn't know there was a philosophy book club subreddit though, definitely subscribing to that.
This is awesome. I bought a copy of Thus Spoke Zarathutra a couple months ago and I'm so excited to read it with you guys! Philosophy is best done with others. 
Man 4 years ago i would have loved to read this with others.... it was one of my favorite books. Now i cant help but feel like this would be a pretentious mess to chat with people on the internet inside. Have I lost my the fire inside? Or did I just finally figure out in practice what Nietzsche had been saying about philosophers? 
Zarathustra has some pretty terrible things to say to women.
How does the pace work?
Covered it in school, but never really understood the work as a whole. This'll be a good reason to delve back into it, for better or worse. 
I've been wanting to read this book for a very long time. My only concern is that it might be a bit too dense and dry for me to understand it (somewhat) fully. How archaic is the diction/syntax? Is it comparable to anything else from the time period? I'm sorry if these are foolish questions for this subreddit.
I've read excerpts of it in various classes, I just graduated so I am excited to keep my philosophy chops up and be able to discuss with others!
As one who was once referenced as 'My Fairest Zarathustra', I very much appreciate this and would like to partake.
I'm just going to blink
I have been looking for an excuse to read that...
Bought a copy awhile back, but still haven't read it. This is perfect!
Not gonna lie, pretty pumped about this. Nietzsche might come off as an asshole from time to time, but boy, is he powerful.
thats probably my favorite book by probably my favorite philosopher and im pretty sure hearing the opinions and interpretations of reddit about it will make me unhappy (if /r/philosophybookclub is anything like /r/philosophy).  nietzsche is difficult
but i'll contribute some
Just might have to join you guys on this! Sounds like fun. I always told my family this, but if money was never an issue I would have probably majored in Philosophy or Classical Literature in college.
Do it for the turning. Do it.
I'm in! I've been trying to read that book forever...

I'm game. I adore this book and read it annually.
This is going to be interesting. Eager to see what reddit has to say about Nietzsche's magnum opus.
Anyone had any spare copy just lying around? I'm kinda strap for cash and my local library doesn't have that book
An incredibly important book in my mind. In fact, it's my favourite book--good chance I join in.
I actually loved reading it! Maybe I'll break it out again!
That's awesome!! I just randomly picked that book up at Barnes and Noble the other day! I'm definitely joining in. It will be great motivation to pick it up and start knowing I can talk to others about it right after! So excited!! And I didn't know that sub existed. Sounds like the place I wanna be!! Thanks OP!
All right, I'm in. 
Finally created an account, just to join this discussion. I have the book. Will bang the dust off the cover.
I have tried reading it before and context, as well as intellectual dialog, was an issue for me and I usually just put it down for some William Gibson or the like.  Perhaps this "discussion" will be that missing ingredient. 
I thought that book was well regarded as anti Semitic.
I did my A Level philosophy essay on that book - damn near killed me. Up for another crack at it though!
Sounds great. When I tried to just make it through Sartre's tiny book on Existentialism I had so many questions that I knew to read philosophy on my own was going to be futile endeavor.
I am interested in reading Nietzsche's 'Thus Spoke Zarathustra' from the perspective of Marx's 'German Ideology', particularly (by way of analogy) Marx's critique of Max Stirner as 'Saint Max'. Marx criticises Stirner with passages such as "*The difference between revolution and Stirner’s rebellion is not, as Stirner thinks. that the one is a political and social act whereas the other is an egoistical act. but that the former is an act whereas the is no act at all.*" (The German Ideology by Marx and Engels, Chapter Three: Saint Max, II. Rebellion). Can Marx's satire of Max Stirner's egoism be extended to a 'decadent' Nietzsche ?
I am interested in Nietzsche and have tried to read some of his books a few times but made almost zero progress each time as I find it such difficult going, I have a degree in Philosophy but I find it very cryptic. 

But this is a good idea and I will join in if I remember, thanks.
That was such a good book. We will see where I am at in the pile I need to read down.
I have tried to read this book many, many times...
Im still like only 40 pages in, that book is an insanely hard read
Great! I bought that book a couple years ago and still haven't finished it. I'm in.
I've been reading this myself, and I love Neitzche, but it's really dry and doesn't lend itself to extensive reading. Like taking notes as you read is the only way I've been able to keep retention. 
I've listened to the whole music version, can I join? :)
[removed]
I'm in.  I remember skimming it in college.
im in, great book for summer to re-ignite ones' embodiment
How will you be going about reading this? Will it be a certain amount of pages each week and then a discussion after each section?

I tried reading it about a year ago but found it very dense and lost focus so I'd like to try reading it this way to take it in better.
Sounds like a good book club discussion choice.  I will surely be there singing its praises.
So I'm new to r/philosophy but would like to join this book club. However, should I start with some of the more intro level philosophy stuff before I dive into Nietzsche? Just curious as to what you guys think?
I was just about to start Zarathustra. Nice.
What month specifically? I'm trying to get through War and Peace right now.
So i tried reading this on my own a couple of years ago and only made it about halfway through. The main concept that i had taken away was to make my own way in life, thus finishing the book would be pointless (or at least that everything written should be judged harshly from your own perspective).  Knowing this, is the book really worth finishing?  Should i continue to read something that tells me to forget everything i read anyway?   
Was gonna finish Fear and Trembling I started ages ago, but I suppose on can put that off some more for some Nietzsche.  
Personally my favorite work of Nietzsche.  I'm excited!
Just finished it... Amazing, but not for people with prejudice towards certain things. Hehehe.
I got the Folio copy for Christmas and haven't been able to get through it  How do I join?!
Can ya? I'm ok with whatever translation. Know the website please?
I've always seen it written as "Thus Spake Zarathustra". Is one more/less correct than the other?
FYI the Eternal Classics Audiobooks version is on Spotify. I have premium - I don't know if it is required. But I'm excited to maybe finally read this book all the way through!
Peep show?.
Anyone?
I am Zathras..you must have met by brother, Zathras.
I read this in my early 20's with no prior reading experience in philosophy texts. I .. didn't like it. Hahahahah.
*Also Sprach
Chicken Run?
So far it is a great book. I always fancied myself pretty well read on things transcendent  (books on zen, philosophy, new age, etc) yet not to far in it really had me thinking hard and deeply about things... I'm crawling through it much more slowly then I would a good fiction story, but this seems necessary with the depth of the material.
Reading Genealogy of Morality is a good idea because it lays done the basic concept of Thus Spoke Zarathustra in a much more coherent way. 
>“In all likelihood, the brain is a causal machine, in the sense that it goes from state to state as a function of antecedent conditions. The implications of this for criminal law are absolutely nil. For one thing, all mammals and birds have circuitry for self-control, which is modified through reinforcement learning (being rewarded for making good choices), especially in a social context. Criminal law is also about public safety and welfare. Even if we could identify circuitry unique to serial child rapists, for example, they could not just be allowed to go free, because they would be apt to repeat. Were we to conclude, regarding, say, Boston priest John Geoghan, who molested some 130 children, ‘It’s not his fault he has that brain, so let him go home,’ the result would undoubtedly be vigilante justice. And when rough justice takes the place of a criminal justice system rooted in years of making fair-minded law, things get very ugly very quickly.”

I'm extremely surprised that someone as high esteemed as Patricia Churchland can give such a lousy and uneducated opinion on such an important topic. Neuroscience [*already is*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M%27Naghten_rules) having an effect on the law. If at the very least as a method of scanning an individuals brain to determine how a sentence will apply to them. I think both sides of the determinist/free will debate can agree that information about a) an individuals probably of offending b) an individuals probability of reoffending and c) probability of neurological treatment, be it drugs or therapy, should play a role in the type and length of a sentence.
It seems to me that there is a disconnection between the typical criminal justice system and what we purport it to be for. Generally, we will admit it is for public safety, but it is also about retribution for wrongdoing, and if it is about retribution for wrongdoing then it is about choice and free will.

It is typical that a person wishing to judge another for their actions will talk about them having made a choice. If we assume a deterministic world (or at least one that renders free will the product of the universe at large) then it is a pointless affirmation.

If we assume ourselves capable of discerning right and wrong with respect to what society will accept, then we should make it clear that the criminal justice system is in fact about promoting a certain way of acting, or at least of proscribing one. In which case, jailing a person for wrongdoings is a less effective way of diminishing recidivism than doing so while rehabilitating them so that they conform. And it becomes more effective and justifiable for such a world view not to simply protect and charge, but to prevent as much as possible.
**INTRODUCTION**

>Moral realism is the view that (i) moral judgments are beliefs that are meant to describe the way things really are; (ii) some of these beliefs are true, and (iii) moral judgments are made true in some way other than by virtue of the attitudes taken towards their content by any actual or idealized human agent. If torturing a child is wrong, it is not because of anyone’s disapproval of such an action. It is not because the action falls afoul of standards that I endorse, or rules that any society accepts. Even the disapproval of an ideal observer – say, someone who knows all nonmoral facts, and is fully rational – is not what makes an action wrong. For moral realists, the ultimate standard(s) of morality are as much a part of reality as the ultimate laws of logic, or the basic principles of physics. Perhaps God (if there is a God) made them up, but human beings certainly didn’t.We humans have created for ourselves a number of different sets of conventional moral standards, but these are never the final word in the moral arena.The flaws and attractions of any conventional morality are rightly measured against those of a moral system that human beings did not create.
> Philosophy is not primarily an empirical discipline, but an a priori one. Its truths are ordinarily discoverable, when they are, not exclusively by appeal to what our senses can tell us.

Empirical knowledge comprises all experience; that's not just perception, but also things like introspection. Even for a rationalist, there can be little doubt introspection is rather important in philosophy; without it, it would, for example, be impossible to identify a priori beliefs as such.

> If the intractability of disagreement in an area is best explained by antirealist assumptions about its status, then we must be global philosophical antirealists. The judgments we render, and the arguments we offer on their behalf, must all be seen either as incapable of truth, as expressions of conative commitments only, or as claims whose truth is contingent on personal or interpersonal endorsement. But that’s not a very plausible take on the status of our philosophical views.

The position that philosophy is the study of concepts – which are widely thought to be mind-dependent – doesn't seem too implausible to me. I suppose the persuasive power of the argument depends on how much of a realist one is about philosophical issues in general, so it would probably tend to work better on someone who already is a moral realist.

>  To simplify, consider a case in which one’s perceptual beliefs later form the basis of a memorial belief. I saw and remember talking to my hated nemesis Smith the moment before he made that fatal misstep that no one else witnessed. I try to convince others of what I have seen, and am met with disbelief.

Not a very appropriate analogy, I think. The more disagreement there is on a moral issue, the fewer people can possibly have epistemic access to the relevant moral facts – if those exist –, and the less likely it is that oneself is among them. The same is true of disagreement about perceptions; the latter is just much rarer. But in this example, the doubt seems less about the correctness of a perception or memory – presumably, the others correctly believe they have neither of those about the incident in question – than that of a claim about it.

> Epistemic facts concern what we ought to believe, provided that our beliefs are aimed at the truth.

So they are about what actions bring about states of affairs where one's beliefs are true. That seems pretty descriptive to me. Moral facts, in contrast, are often believed to be about what one ought to do independently of one's goals; but if they're not, they are, at the very least, not purely normative.
Hm. This paper:

http://www-bcf.usc.edu/%7Efinlay/Moral%20Realism.pdf

would make the argument that Shafer-Landau's "nonnaturalism" is a misnomer, since he refuses to metaphysically commit to anything else than naturalism (page 20). 
To answer the question of whether or not ethical questions have an objective truth, we first need to figure out what objective truth is, ie, we need some kind of "theory of truth", and a bit of setup before we get to meta-ethics.

I favor, broadly, what's called a Correspondence theory of truth.  A statement is true if it maps to some kind of reality, something mind independent that is "out there, not in our heads".  

I am, broadly, a fan of empiricism, because ultimately I don't think that our minds receive any information that isn't sensory data.  If you draw a circle around the "mind", so to speak, the only thing going into this circle is sense data.  Arguments from innate knowledge or instinct aren't convincing to me.  If there's any information that's already inside the circle right when we're born, it's only because of evolution, a process that takes place in the physical, empirical world.

Let's skip the metaphysical skepticism and assume that a physical world exists, and that it exists in more or less the form that we think it exists as.  If this is so, then all of our sense data comes FROM this physical world, and by my earlier premise of empiricism, all of our knowledge ultimately comes from sense data, or by forming nominal abstractions on top of the sense data.  Objects exist in our mind only, they are nominal entities only, not "real", objects are merely "chunks" of sense data, they are pattern recognition.  Well, empiricism doesn't rule out the possibility of objects being "real" and existing in the physical world, but whether they are or not we'll never know, because we can't tell the difference between a chunk of sense data coming from a true metaphysical object, or from simply an arrangement of atoms that, once we detect this arrangement of atoms with sense data, we conceive of it as an object in our mind.

Quickly moving on, my previously stated commitments lead me to adopt a sort of empiricism with regards to philosophy of mathematics.  Math is manipulating concepts and objects that are already in our head.  Math can ultimately be broken down into axioms if you examine those concepts that you're manipulating really closely.  Ultimately, mathematical axioms and concepts are a very high level abstraction on our sense data.  Well, they usually are, granted we can just totally make up mathematical axioms that have no basis in our sense data but most people don't do this.  If you do, then that doesn't stop you from manipulating the concept on your head, it just doesn't represent the real world in any form or fashion.  Most mathematical axioms do represent, and ultimately derive from, the real world in some form.  For example 2d spherical geometry correlates to reality if you're trying to tesselate a soccer ball, or navigate over a mostly spherical planet, but won't apply to a piece of paper, but the point is it does map to at least some parts of reality.  Axioms that have correspondence to at least some part of reality can be said to derive or correspond to reality.  But again, to reiterate, even if you've got some mathematical system that doesn't map to any part of reality, you can still manipulate it in your head and come up with theorems and what not.

That pretty much concludes my "setup" phase of my argument.  All in all, I don't think my premises, correspondence theory and empiricism, are too controversial.  Ok not everyone agrees with them, but plenty of philosophers do.  I think those positions are common enough that it's reasonable for me to go over them as briefly as I did and not go into them any further, and ask anyone reading who disagrees with those things to at least just assume it for the sake of discussion for now.

**Finally getting to ethics now that the other stuff is set up**, ethics is very similar to math.  You've got concepts of right and wrong, and you manipulate them in your head, come up with "theorems", and it all has meaning, it's not simply nonsense.  However, where ethics differs from math is that I don't see how ethical axioms derive from or correspond to the real world.  In both math and ethics, you can make a statement, and prove it based on a set of axioms.  In math, you can further show that the axioms are empirically justified in a sense, that the axioms have their basis in the real world, that the axioms are very high level abstractions of sense data that (by common assumption) comes from objective reality.  But where do ethical axioms come from?  

Ethical non-naturalists say that moral truth is not "natural", and it isn't empirical.  Non-naturalists have plenty of arguments for this, I won't get into it.  GE Moore had a famous one, the author of the OP Shafer-Landau claims to be a non-naturalist, non-naturalism is well understood.  By my earlier premise of empiricism, that the only information we receive is through sense data, that means there are no moral truths if moral truths are not naturalistic.

It's really just a matter of a missing epistemic link.  If moral truths can't be touched, so to speak, with empiricism and sense data of any kind, then what can you touch them with?  Faith?  Faith in some sort of platonic realm of good and bad?  Faith in god?

Until I see this epistemic link, I remain a moral anti-realist.  That means, you can assert or assume moral axioms for the sake of discussion, you can argue about ethics if all parties share ethical axioms and it's just a matter of trying to find the theorems, you and everyone can proclaim allegiance to some set of ethical axioms or the other, but ultimately the axioms just don't map, they just don't map to the real world, and so there's no actual "truth" to the moral axioms themselves.

Shafer-Landau's "central claim within a central argument" is just silly to me.  If I understand correctly, he's saying that ethics is a specie of philosophy, and philosophy seeks the truth, therefore ethics seeks the truth, therefore there must be some truth of the matter in ethics.

Ok, well, going by his definition of philosophy, an anti realist like me could just say that his premise (1) is wrong, ie ethics is technically speaking not actually a specie of philosophy (according to his definition of philosophy).  And now we're just playing around with semantics which isn't that interesting.  All in all I've read better defenses of non-naturalism or moral realism as a whole, although clearly I don't find any of it convincing.
>1. Ethics is a species of inquiry; philosophy is its
genus.
2. A species inherits the essential traits of its genus.
3. One essential trait of philosophy is the realistic
 status of its truths.
4. Therefore moral realism is true. 

4 does not follow from 1+2+3, though. All 1., 2. and 3 put together can force as a conclusion, is "ethical truths exist". But one of the *questions* of Ethics is whether moral realism is valid. The true answer to that might be, "No, it is not."

(I have some other issues with the points he makes, but I think this is the clearest point of criticism that comes to mind.)
> I locate the central claim within a central argument. Here it is: 

> 1. Ethics is a species of inquiry; philosophy is its genus. 

> 2. A species inherits the essential traits of its genus. 

> 3. One essential trait of philosophy is the realistic  status of its truths. 

> 4. Therefore moral realism is true. 

> Both premise (1) and (2) strike me as extremely  plau sible – so plausible, in fact, that I will proceed here by assuming, rather than arguing for, their truth. If one is willing to make these concessions, then all the  attention must focus on premise (3).

Why would taxonomy apply to philosophy?
[removed]
Define omnipotence.

Seriously - if you mean 'able to bring about literally any outcome, including a logical contradiction', then you have a very real point, but (I'd suggest) a somewhat useless one.   

You've demonstrated that the word, defined in that way, causes all sorts of trouble when you try to apply it to anything.

But then you go on to talk about God, as though omnipotence in this definition were a recognised characteristic of God - and that's not the case.  Certainly if you are trying to apply this to a Christian understanding of God,  your point is irrelevant - because that is not the Christian understanding of the word 'omnipotence'.   The Christian definition of the word - arising from and extending how it was used in Roman times - is 'having the power to do what is absolutely possible' (cf Aquinas, *Summa Theologica*, q 25 art 3).  A logical contradiction is the very definition of something which is not absolutely possible.  

Is a God posited to have that sort of omnipotence possible?  I think probably not - but that doesn't actually matter all that much to me, because as a Catholic that's not part of the God I know.  It may give me an argument in debate with some forms of Islam, but that's about all.

What *is* part of the God I know is reason (and to be clear, I'm not saying that human reasoning is  necessarily perfect, or necessarily a perfect reflection of God's reason  but we can understand a fair amount of reason and logic and use that reason and logic to understand some of God).  In fact I would say that logic and reason work precisely because they are aspects of how God is.  

*[For those interested, I would point to Scriptural evidence for this - read John, Chapter 1, bearing in mind the close linguistic and (then) philosphical connection between 'logos' (the Word) and logic.  Not part of this argument as such, so parenthesised here]*.

So logic is not a creation of God; it is an expression of God.  Logic is not an external limitation upon God's power; it is a property of God.  Acting against logic is impossible for God, not because that is a limitation imposed upon God, but because God simply does not act that way; if He did, He would not be God.
> "If he can't NOT do something then he can't do everything"

I think this is the same categorical mistake that plagues the ontological argument. Look up Parmenides. "Not" isn't a modality. It's not even not a modality. It just isn't there. The better question is: "Can God create a rock that is so heavy that He cannot lift it?" Either way, posing this question makes God not-omnipotent. Either he can't create it, or He can't lift it. It's a paradox. 

But even the paradox assumes the confinement of omnipotence within logic, as you say. It's only a logical paradox, a paradox in as far as logic is concerned. Maybe God could make a rock that was so heavy He couldn't lift it, but He could still lift it, because tertium datur when omnipotence.  

So on the surface, it's exactly as you say: "either omnipotence is confined by logic ... Or omnipotence is not confined by logic." There's no way of knowing.

The deeper problem however lies with the concept of omnipotence itself, I think, since it is illogical to it's core, defying even the most basic laws of thermodynamics. But then again, what if it can, right?
> Or omnipotence is not confined by logic and God created moral ambiguity and evil despite being capable creating otherwise.

Do you mean God couldn't have created moral ambiguity and evil if he was confined to logic? Because I don't see how that would work, unless you're equating omnipotence and benevolence, even when we'd all agree that God (in as far as He exists) works in mysterious ways. 
Omnipotent, the most basic definition of it is all powerful, no constraints not even logic. If omnipotence is not presumed I see no way of logically knowing anything about this entity making asserting it's possible existence a null concept.

I see no way of refuting the concept that such an entity could exist, likewise no way to prove it does.

This is the logical definition I use for agnosticism.

Well put, and I agree completely-- an omniscient and omnipotent god (admittedly a redundant statement, since god must be both) would logically disallow human freedom. 
To add to your point, the Abrahamic position is further incompatible with freedom, since not only are your actions and thoughts policed in life, but even death cannot grant you freedom, since you are eternally judged and sentenced in the afterlife. Even in the most torturous, unfree regimes, anyone can at least die to escape the horrors of say Stalin's Soviet Union. The popular conception of God, being your inescapable Big Brother, allows you no such liberty. The tenth commandment dares to go so far as to say that if you think about stealing then you will be condemned. 
God can do anything. It's not him that is confined by logic, it's the material realizations of his actions that are confined by logic. That's why the stone example fails. There is no stone that God could create and not "lift," not because God is inherently limited but because the stone is inherently limited (and stones are not immaterial, they are material things, beholden to the laws of logic and nature).
First, nothing can transcend the confines of logic. For instance, if one asserts an assertion and its negation at the same time, one would be contradicting oneself; not asserting two statements that he can believe in at once, but disagreeing with oneself. I hope that illustrates why contradictions cannot exist. A god that transcends logic would allow for such contradictions, therefore a god that transcends logic cannot exist.

Second, you posited that logic and reason confine a god that transcends logic and reason, which is a contradiction. I know that this contradiction doesn't matter in a universe that allows for contradictions, for in such a universe the position that logic and reason *do not* confine a god that transcends logic and reason holds equally true, but you seem to be trying to *use* logic and reason to make this argument, therefore assuming we exist in a universe in which nothing transcends logic and reason.

Third, I don't agree with your position that evil can exist without free will, which you imply twice. Evility and goodness imply choice. For example, a rock that was accidentally kicked onto someone's head was not being evil; rather, the person who kicked it was reckless. Again, evility only applies to entities with free will.

The entirety of all is a single beginningless motion ever-undulating within itself (aka reality is absolutely fate driven). God simply 'is' and there is nothing that isn't God. So, it would be more accurate to say God is omniscient but never going to do anything about it. :)
[removed]
[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4425 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/02836)
I really recommend this guy. His points on Kant were very enlighting to me back when I first watched him, which says alot.
Came to watch a crash and burn video with pseudo-philosophy, was pleasantly surprised. Disappointed that Marx didn't make it in there, but now I've got a whole new philosopher to read up on!
could you x-post to /r/CriticalTheory
In some sense accelerationism is more determinist than Marx. That is the contradictions of capitalism will unfold and destroy capital, however 'we', need to help capital do this. The contradictions aren't destroying capitalism fast enough, so let us intervene to help. Is this not really a quite old formulation? What's new is seeing that intervention not against capital – to limit it's exploitation of workers, transformation of the work process etc. - but 'for' it. If capital is, ultimately,  against itself, then being for that against-ness makes some sense. If capital, in helping itself actually destroys itself, then perhaps we should help – and work with – capital as well, to accelerate that destruction. The desire to find some potency and logic of action in a ground that doesn't hold any is self-evident. When we can no longer act revolutionary or transformatively on the side of workers, or a class we can barely see, then our socio-psychological need for action as revolutionaries and radicals must be found elsewhere. And what is elsewhere but capital. As the working-class begins to loose itself, capital consumes the horizon. We are already in a society where to act is, nearly always, to help capital in some way or other (think of social media advertising)...so to do so 'actively' with a logic and platform seems a rare honesty and clarity. Nevertheless, what can 'we' actually do? What does it mean to propose we 'unleash the forces of capital'?
Thanks for this. I've tried unsuccessfully to locate an english translation of Shelling's Phil of Myth and Phil of Religion. Any pointers?
**ABSTRACT**:

> The contention of this article is that parents have an obligation to care for their children,
but for reasons that are not typically offered. I argue that this obligation can be unfair
to parents but not unjust. I do not provide an account of what our specific obligations are
to our children. Rather, I focus on providing a justification for any obligation to care for
them at all. My argument turns on providing an external description of the parent–child
relationship in order to establish that parents are in a unique position among adults in
their ability to help and harm their own children. Given that children are deserving of
moral regard, I conclude that parents are obligated – in a way that is often unfair – to
provide this care. I end by considering implications for social policy.

**AUTHOR**:

[N.C. Wieland](http://ncwieland.com/), Associate Professor, Philosophy, CSU Long Beach
What do you guys think?

I think this is the best entry to Nietzsche's philosophy out there. He's not doing some secondary source material, but just taking the text and breaking it down directly. I just adore the way how J.B. Peterson manages to analyze N's ideas in simple yet so profound manner.

Highly recommend everything the guy puts up in his channel, it's just mindblowing.
[deleted]
Just take a sip of water!

Dude's desires were in conflict.

Great video.
I attempted to read Beyond Good and Evil some 4 - 5 years ago.  Honestly, I was lost.  This video makes me want to try again.  Does anyone have any recommendations for more narratives to go along with the work, or perhaps a forum, secondary work, etc. that would make Beyond Good and Evil more accessible and engaging?  
The chapter in question (sixth paragraph):

https://www.marxists.org/reference/archive/nietzsche/1886/beyond-good-evil/ch01.htm
I feel so stupid. I thought this video was just going to be 45 minutes of a guy reading the same paragraph over and over and over.
I'd love to dive into more about 'the will to power' that he goes into near the end. Having many impulses inside as cyclopses clammering to reshape the world in their own image etc. Can anyone recommend something that brings together different philosophies on this, or a prominent philosopher who's into this? 
Jordan Peterson's pretty cool.  He is a Jungian psychologist, so his interest in Nietzsche is driven in large part by the fact that Nietzsche was a big influence on Jung.  If you enjoy this talk, you would probably enjoy reading Jung, too.  
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
I have a course on Nietzsche this semester. I had no clue what/who it was until now. Thanks reddit 
This demonstrates that Nietzsche is a Rorschach Test.

It may be nonsense, but it evokes and displays the mindset of the reader. Peterson said precious little about N, and a lot about his own philosophy in the 45 minutes.

As far as N having an IQ of a 'billion', I would expect such a super-genius to have been able to formulate his philosophy in a super-organized way, instead of just as a grab-bag of barely-rationally-connected 'aphorisms' and emotional ejaculations. 

As for the "unconscious auto-biography" at the base of N's own philosophy, it appears to be an envy of an idealized Nobility of which he never was, and never could be, a member.
I recommend watching this in 1.25 speed, he speaks extremely slow with long gaps.
Do I really have to explain how dehumanizing a gender on fantasies is a detriment to us harmonizing and uniting as a species ? To inflict pain and torture on another individual based on the notions and supposed laws of supernatural stories ?
I have to make a case for that ?
The guy is almost as long-winded as Nietzsche. Why has he not once mentioned *Ressentiment*, which basically describes the entire critique presented in this paragraph?! I also find it difficult taking people seriously who claim 'Nietzsche's genius was beyond comprehension'... I mean come on!
So say he never took another sip of water.
He is under attack from the regressive left and might lose funding to do his research.

Please support him on Patreon if you found his videos useful:
https://www.patreon.com/user?u=3019121
I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our first commenting rule:

>*Read the post before you reply.*

>Read the posted content, understand and identify the philosophical arguments given, and respond to these substantively. If you have unrelated thoughts or don't wish to read the content, please post your own thread or simply refrain from commenting. Comments which are clearly not in direct response to the posted content may be removed.

This sub is not in the business of one-liners, tangential anecdotes, or dank memes. Expect comment threads that break our rules to be removed.
>But we do need to talk about it. Not only because white males have the power to hurt us in various ways, but because—remember—they too are human beings who, just by being human, deserve to be healed, to be able to live and love as healthy, whole souls. But beyond this, if we don’t embrace mercy we risk our own souls and cannibalize one another. 

So where is the white male social justice cleric movement?  As a female with a technology career, please send help ;) If white male rage has a socio-constructivism origin, society would have to change drastically to change it.  A question I have then from an example in your article is if the Brock Turner sentence is to be considered "merciful" in nature how does it actually change Brock Turner's values, if those values come from "yielding to pressures—many of them social—that lie deep in the fabric of human life. Before a child is capable of the critical exercise of reason, he or she has internalized a socially taught scheme of values" 
**Summary:** Is knowledge humanly possible? In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Jennifer Nagel](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/jennifer-nagel) (University of Toronto) looks at skeptical arguments, starting with Ancient Greek and Chinese philosophy, and moving forward into contemporary brain-in-a-vat scenarios. We’ll review a variety of reasons to worry that knowledge might be impossible, and we’ll examine the difference between global and local forms of skepticism.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!
The field of epistemology has mostly been concerned with the traditional definition of knowledge, which relates a mental state to an objective truth. However the skeptical view that knowledge is impossible is so enticing because that definition of knowledge includes a tautology - that there is already knowledge of objective truth available with which to compare that mental state before one can judge whether knowledge is knowledge. In short, you cannot know anything unless "something" already knows. Whether that something exists is another piece of knowledge that cannot be known unless something else knows it, and so on.

At the end of this series is Virtue epistemology, which to me appears to loop back towards skepticism. I am asserting this loop-back because in Virtue epistemology the traditional definition of knowledge seems to be abandoned in favour of redefinition as intellectual virtue in the treatment of inputs. To me, this could be a reasonable and practical resolution to Pyrrhonic skepticism because one is able to withhold final judgement on whether the models in one's mind is real knowledge, while being able to develop a set of beliefs ("working knowledge") that is contingent on the reliability of one's senses, ability of rationalisation, and intellectual honesty.
I'm not sure what exactly the concern is here. If we have symmetric modus ponens/modus tollens arguments, there are a few problems that could occur:

- we may be misled if we only consider one in isolation (i.e., by failing to consider the reasons that ultimately count against our premises). 
- similarly, if the MT is given as a counter to the MP or vice versa, the original arguer may, possibly rightly, complain that their argument is just being ignored.

But these are more contextual/dialectical issues than issues with the pattern of reasoning itself. Sometimes, especially when we're building an argument on the strength of intuitions but other intuitions conflict with ours, it's quite correct to do the MP/MT shift. e.g.:

1. It seems intuitive that we have a duty to not have children where they will suffer, but no equivelant duty to have children where they will be happy. Children will inevitably suffer at least a little, and their happiness doesn't matter in this context. Therefore, we are dutybound to never have children.
2. It seems intuitive that there cannot be a duty to not have children, as this is a basic right, having children leads to good things in the world, and having children is necessary in order for the species to continue. Therefore, the intuition about our duty in (1) is wrong.

>It is not self evident that we are morally responsible for our actions, that murder is wrong, or that there is a God. These claims require defending by means of evidence and arguments

.

>I do think it is self evident that I have hands

You don't have a problem with Moorean shifts in principle, you have a problem with Moorean shifts when the first premise is something you don't personally find intuitive. You believe it is obvious that you have hands and no defense is needed of this claim. What about this claim is different from the claims like God exists or murder is wrong? Why do those claims need evidence but the existence of your hands doesn't? 

> It is not self evident that we are morally responsible for our actions, that murder is wrong, or that there is a God. These claims require defending by means of evidence and arguments, so starting with them is irrational.

No chain of logic starts without axioms. Not being able to take anything axiomatically is irrational ^^
If this really is fashionable where you're from, fuck fashion. It's bad logic and it's bad philosophy. One man's modus ponens is not another man's modus tollens. That's the whole point behind distinguishing them.

So I agree with you on all accounts except that it is self-evident that I (let alone you) have hands. Are you relying on sensory perception to reach this conclusion, or do you have some a priori knowledge about hands? Because I sure don't have any knowledge of the sort, nor would I know if I had. Moore's argument is bogus ofcourse. It almost seems like an ex falso quodlibet to me, but more likely it's just circular. If skepticism is false, you have hands. Not the other way around. The proof against skepticism is based on something which depends on skepticism being either true or false. 

Ramachandran has some really interesting stuff on hands and their existence. It goes for all of us.
This list is problematic, to say the least. I'm baffled about what the list's methodology could be. For one thing, the list doesn't clearly differentiate between influence on contemporary philosophy and influence on popular culture. J. P. Moreland, for instance, has or once had a relatively large influence on popular culture through his accessible presentations of arguments for Intelligent Design. But for much the same reason, he has next to zero influence on contemporary philosophy -- we're talking about a *creationist* here. To even mention his name on the same list as permanent greats like McDowell, Chalmers, or Thomson is shameful. (Conversely, it's hard to imagine how a significant number of the philosophers on the list could be thought to have much cultural impact, even indirectly -- take Kripke or Burge, who are undeniably great, but haven't exactly shifted anything in our cultural framework.)

*Edit: Granted, the site's general editor has a philosophy PhD, but several of his choices are idiosyncratic to say the least: it's hard to see why one would list Ingvar Johansson and John Heil but not heavyweights like Barry Stroud, Ronald Dworkin, and Stanley Cavell, or Moreland and William Lane Craig but not the massively influential Alvin Plantinga. It's also odd that, while there is good representation of French continentals and OOO folks, there is no mention of a single figure involved in the revival of anglophone interest in exegetical (as opposed to primarily thematic) approaches to 18th and 19th century European philosophy (Robert Pippin, Frederick Beiser, Paul Guyer, etc.). In fact, someone unfamiliar with the field (surely the list's intended audience) could read this list without getting the slightest idea that people do serious work in the history of non-ancient philosophy, and that that work is both influential on contemporary philosophy (see the recent revival of monism, e.g. in Jonathan Schaffer's work, or Kris McDaniel's recent work on being) and is done by people who also do influential work in contemporary philosophy (Michael Della Rocca being perhaps the prime example). 
Everyone has their own areas of interest but I think it's a huge oversight to not include Julia Kristeva. 

I also would have thought that just due their popularity and subsequent influence on people outside of university settings, Chomsky should be higher and Zizek should be included. 
It would be interesting to know which of these 50 philosopher's works has had a significant effect on poster's individual thinking about philosophy or had an impact on their personal life. I don't mean some work that you read just to become familiar with the writer's arguments so you could discuss them with others. I am thinking of  something like a concept or puzzle that you often return to in your mind to ponder over again and again. Or maybe an ethical or behavioral concept you have applied or wished you could apply in your life.
I would add William E. Connolly to the list 
Thank you for this :))
Crossposted from /r/HistoryofIdeas.
3am always has the best titles for their interviews. 
I'd there audio of this?
In my unsolicited opinion, this speaker is indicative of a much needed return to the ancient role of philosophers, people  who can have meaningful productive discourse about critically important topics with laypeople as well as other philosophers.  Excellent talk, with a tour de force Q&A that touches upon Buddhist monks, AI, and Blade Runner.  The question and answer at 48:50 about counter arguments to his view is outstanding.  An AMA with Alva Noë would be very cool.
Hi,

Interesting read, hope you don't mind some critique:

> "people understand that nations warring against each other is harmful for everyone involved".

Do they? Some people find war beneficial and from their point of view they are entirely correct, think of all the money and power the Nobels, Kruks and Armostrongs of the world acquired.

I chose weapons dealers but there are several other examples - bankers, politicians, condom makers - all can benefit immensely from war (for bankers it doesn't actually matter who wins as they usually support both sides).

What's missing in your analysis is a distinction between people in different positions and how that may affect their perception of peace - because otherwise your entire premise is wrong. Another thing that's missing is how people actually behave in the real world - you seem to assume they seek justice and peace but my experience at least is that people behavior is determined far more by fear than anything else and this  leads to a lot of stupid shit like war, not peace and justice (btw peace and justice are contradictory - you can never have both).

I like to call this kind of philosophy Stark Philosophy - it's Game Of Thrones reference (duh) to the Starks: a family of high morale believing in doing the right thing - who get betrayed over and over again by less presumptuous people. It's a literary example but it's true in real life - but if you prefer a non-fiction book that discussed this I highly recommend this book:
http://www.burmalibrary.org/docs13/The_Dictators_Handbook.pdf

It explains superbly the dynamics created in human group that lead to bad harmful policy often being the best way to stay in power (I'm oversimplifying greatly, it's a really great book). 

TL;DR

People don't seek justice or peace, they seek security (ie they are fearful) and will prefer their personal security over any logical explanation you choose to make - be the best one ever. So for example I happen to be an Israeli and people here (and everywhere else - this is not unique to Israel or to Jews although some people like to think so) keep talking about peace and justice as something desired but willing to look the other way when they perceive they are threatened (which government encourages of course)


It's a good philosophy to have if you're a pleb, and while in today's world we are all plebs except the 0.1% - it's still worth realizing that not everybody in society is thinking like a pleb and that if we plebs don't recognize that we'll be screwed over worse tha we already are.

P.S.

> How do we make the unreasonable see reason?
> 

Well you can't can you? because there actually *is* reason behind even the worst war, so it's actually you that's not seeing reason here ;)
I want to thank those who are challenging this post because they are helping me to point out details I either missed or failed to cover in enough detail in the original post. Obviously, I need more experience in writing out complex ideas or I should just get better at planning.
I think your philosophy ignores man's well recorded history of selfishness.

The mind is designed to categorize. In many ways we define ourselves more by what we are not (the other), rather than what we are (our "tribe"). We judge ourselves by our intentions, and others by our actions. We desire peace in our own image, not in the way of our opponents.

You also have to take into consideration the logical/duality nature on people. What is logically silly may have legitimate emotional worth. It is logical to do what benefits you the most. However, such an approach to life will damage our emotional needs in our relationships with others.

Your approach can definitely have a positive effect in preventing unreasonable conflict, but it does little to help bring peace to reasonable confrontation. If one has good reason to appose another, should they instead move aside in the name of peace? Is it true peace if both parties have grievance, yet have chosen to grit their teeth and smile? Is it peace to ignore the damages inflicted on others, while you yourself are unharmed?

Peace is an admirable goal, but I posit that peace for the sake of peace will only lead to greater conflict. Peace must come out of something deeper and stronger. "War for peace" may seem to be an oxymoron, but the victory/loss can be a strong cord that ties two people or nations together. It creates a real tangible reason for agreement where none would otherwise exist.
Peace is the result of superior firepower.
Also, one important note: the reason I post this here is because I know that a board dedicated to understanding, well... understanding is the kind of board that is best suited to accept what I'm explaining here. Yes, there are pieces I didn't cover because it would've required going too far off-topic to reach them but I bring this idea of peace to you because I believe that you are the most capable of spreading it. I mean, you literally have a link in your wiki section called "A Guide to Arguments" which basically explains the process of reaching an equilibrium of understanding between two parties through logic.

I know that the idea of spreading peace as an ideology is nothing new but I wanted to discuss the workings of peace on a more specific level so it wouldn't be so abstract. So that when the subject arises of "what exactly is peace" this rant may be cited for clarification on the idea.
I think you're a little too optimistic about humanity's capacity for reason. All conflict comes from differing values, believing fundamentally different things. I know you say these values can be attacked with reason but I just don't buy it. Consider a scenario where a fight is about to break out. Two guys have been arguing over something minor, maybe they've both been arguing that their football team is going to win this year. They've been arguing statistics and performance records, but it comes down to each guys faith in his team and its players. The fight is brewing and you're the only peacemaker there. How do you convince the two not to fight? Their conflict isn't going to be resolved by facts or logic, and they're intent on fighting, this is very important to them. 

I'm saying that sometimes conflicts aren't founded in reason and therefore can't be resolved by reason. In an ideal world we could talk down all conflict, but that's not the world we live in.
Unfortunately there are lots of violent or cold childrearing traditions which create less empathy. 
I don't agree at all that a world without conflict is the best thing for us all. Some kinds of conflict are good. Creative conflict, for instance, two people collaborating. Now, competition, competition is a wholly evil phenomenon, but conflict within a collaborative effort can be a good thing and lead to a better outcome. Obviously, nobody can agree on everything. It's how we deal with that conflict that matters.

But as for larger scale issues and stuff like *military* conflict, ie what happens after cooperation and reason has gone out the window, that's something to be avoided. The issue here is partly that the terminology describes different things in the same words.

At the end of the day, our large scale conflicts are all sourced in one thing - running the world on a competition-based paradigm. Competition, of course, is (quite literally) the polar opposite of cooperation. So, our world is built on anti-cooperation. 

And yet we somehow think that will lead to a calm, peaceful world. Somehow. Even though everyone without exception operates on the hallowed principle of "screw you, I've got mine", or in other words "everyone against everyone else". 

What we have to do is change the basic paradigm, away from competition and instead use organized cooperation. This should include scrapping concepts like trade and currency altogether. That will at least get us a sane starting off point from which to get people to not be such huge assholes. Our current day society  is such that the biggest assholes succeed, because they're perfectly happy with kicking a little old lady in the face (financially speaking - usually) to get ahead. And society rewards them for it with wealth and freedom. 

You know, your Trumps and the like; conscienceless scum building wealth on exploiting others.

The problem lies far deeper than people being confrontational. Our society is *built* on being confrontational. Trying to make people stop behaving like that when there is strong incentives in current-day society to do so is futile. First change society, and people will change automatically. 

"The distinguished anthropologist, Clifford Geertz, said, years ago, that human beings are the “unfinished animals.” And what he meant by that was that it is only human nature to have a human nature that is very much the product of the society in which people live. That human nature, that is to say our human nature, is much more created than it is discovered. We design human nature by designing the institutions within which people live and work. And so you people … should be asking yourself a question … Just what kind of human nature do you want to help design?" -- Barry Schwartz

In addition to war between nations, which has been thoroughly discussed here, my contention would be that what man wants isn't money or peace but punitive justice. There is a primal human urge to deeply hurt other people that have wronged you. Eye for an Eye and all that. As long as people believe they are in the moral right when committing terrible acts (usually in the name of justice or vengeance or holding someone responsible/accountable) they will not stop committing those acts. Making people realize that Eye for an Eye makes the whole world blind is actually rather difficult and a major hurdle for peace in our time. 
This is all good stuff but I think we should throw in the question of "should we change people?" And "who has the right to change people and when is it OK to do so?"

 To try to change someone poses the assumptions that one set of ideals is so superior to the other that one must force the other to change

Now many might say that this type of conversation isn't forcing, but many people would feel manipulated, like my gf/ex

She now holds resentment twords me for me trying to change her by showing her my reason, even though she asked for my help in this stuff in the first place.

So the question of morality holds - is it acceptable to change someone's beliefs?

I would like to make a brief argument for pure-passive.

The showing of reason makes the assumption that the one in question doesn't have the ability to learn to grow on their own. This isn't fair, and every human deserves the chance and time to choose their own path.

Now, this doesn't solve conflict, but perhaps if we let everyone be what they want without outside influence to push them one way or another - people might have less conflict in the end.

But currently being aggressive is "cool" for many reasons, going against the "man" and following others who do so.

So in a perfect society I would say there is no outside influence, so this is impossible.

so in our case, I would say use pure-passive in all but the most extreme situations, or until someone asks for your assistance (which will happen if you set a really good example)
This is a tremendous essay.

Briefly, just because it's derived from essentially what you're saying here - things that I've come to realize, though never (and potentially never could have) expressed as well as you've expressed them here:

Ideologically, I'm an anarchist, ultimately simply because I believe that there's no system of authority that cannot and will not be abused for the benefit of those it empowers.

However, my anarchism is very much idealistic - I don't even begin to advocate for its formation now or at any point in the foreseeable future, because there's a great deal of ground work that must be done first.  It requires a humanity that's considerable more advanced intellectually, philosophically and psychologically than the current lot, and that specifically to make it such that virtually all are amenable to reason.

Exactly as you note, reason is the key.  That's something I came to understand some time back.  But, again, I have never, and probably never could have, expressed it as well as you have here.  So thanks.
This was exactly what I needed to read. Thank you.
"Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the children of God."

I think one of the most effective ways to end a war is to go after the leaders first if you can.
I will now resign from this thread because fatigue. Thanks be to all who participated and showed a genuine interest. Good day and all that jazz.
Yeah, but sometimes people need to be taken out.
I believe overpopulation is, quite literally, a plague on the planet.  Plenty will be said for peace in this conversation, and I agree with your points, so I'll just leave this here.  

Peace is only great when we can control the number of mouths we're feeding.  The reason humankind developed the idea of killing each other in the first place was competition for resources.  We do not have unlimited resources, and if we achieve the reasonable goal (I don't say achievable, but maybe it is after our lifetime) of zero physical conflict without serious population control, we will quickly use this planet up and face physical distress from non-human sources.  I don't think the method for this should be some legal (of governmental/law origin) form of population control, but we need to get the message to people that a couple that has three, or even two, kids has made the world a more dangerous place.  
"I believe it is fair to say that the average Human believes in peace and understands that a world without conflict is best for us all."

I believe that all humans with the luxury of this point of view would find, if they start to starve to death, that they would rather die in battle than to starve.

Your view of peace is not a real thing, imho. It is a product of propaganda. A person being shot in the head may be more shocking and fit better in a dramatic narrative...but the ever present death and suffering which comes from apathy, laziness, culture, ignorance and stupidity is indeed greater in its extent and deeper in the injury, because it robs people of their dignity and damages their psyche in a way that simple violence does not.

War, of course is horrible...but the planet you are imaginign where everyone is happy and nobody dies pointlessly is simply fiction. In the context of a planet that is already destined to be full of suffering anyway...war can actually be a liberating and indeed a beautiful thing. It clarifies our purpose, our perspective, and brings us closer to legitimate meritocracy. 

Much of your post makes a big deal about the power of intellect and persuasive argument to overcome violent tendencies. But remember this does not mean that the argument is necessarily right or that justice has been served. Indeed, many people are foolish and easily manipulated into points of view which are, quite simply, false. If you dominate the global economy and have duped massive numbers of people into being slaves then of course you have a motive to dissuade those people from recognizing their slavery and avoiding violence...lest they defeat you. But nothing is admirable about that. Ever since the invention of the gun, violence has become tremendously egalitarian...little training or physical strength is required to effectively use a gun. In contrast propaganda does not work this way. Fools are not good at recognizing propaganda as propaganda only an elite minority have the critical thinking skills to do this. Propaganda is an enemy to fairness...while war, because military power is very strongly correlated to how many guns you can fire, is always a sort of equalizing force.
Agamemnon says: "It can't be that I as the highest of the kings am the only one to go without a prize when I didn't even do anything wrong. Give me Briseis now, I will more than recompense you once Troy has fallen." 

*And that seems like a reasonable argument to me. In a society where social status/honor is established by way of the distribution of loot, it would only be just for the highest king to have the best prize, not the least one. Denying him his prize would be a direct attack on his social position.*

Achilles says: "I worked hard for this price, I have a right to it and it being taken away would dishonor me when I didn't even do anything wrong. I have no personal beef with the Trojans, I am here only as a favor to you and I am doing all the hard work but you are going to get most of the overall loot anyway - so take your fingers off my stuff."

*This, too, seems like a reasonable argument, doesn't it? Achilles did earn his prize and he had recognized the social position of Agamemnon by following his call to arms and accepting the overall loot distribution - until Agamemnon now tried to punish and dishonor him for no wrongdoing of his own.*
 
Nestor tries to intervene by arguing that this quarrel only works in favor of the Trojans, he recommends Agamemnon forego his prize and Achilles recognize his authority in return. He tries to convince Agamemnon that his honor does not depend on whether he gets a prize or not but is secured by Zeus who elevated him to this position.

Agamemnon turns the argument around by saying that in that case Achilles is rebelling against the divine order that made him, Agamemnon, king and Achilles a mere follower.

*So that's probably the most famous example of overreacting to a slight (with disastrous consequences) and I think it's very notable that the most convincing argument not to fight has* **nothing** *to do with actually resolving the conflict by its roots or removing the reason to fight - it's a purely pragmatic one: "Agamemnon, swallow your pride because otherwise the Trojans will win."       
(Achilles has already made it clear that he doesn't want anyone to think he cares about the outcome of this war one way or another.)*

*In fact how would you use reason to address the underlying issue of this quarrel? you'd have to challenge the entire way of how social status is established and communicated in this society. Which is an impossibly tall order just to settle one argument and can easily backfire as Nestor's tentative attempt shows.*
Very intriguing and insightful post. Definately worth the read. 

I've read some of the critique/counter-arguments you've gotten, and i concluded that most of them stresses human selfishness/ego and the greed of evil global corporate powers that benefits from war. 

Firstly - i think OP realizes that there is a factor of human selfishness that is important to the theme. That doesn't really mean that the core message looses power; what i believe OP is saying is that there's an element of reason in every human, an element which is what we need to try to appeal to (damn, that's a lot of to's)

I personally hold an optimistic point of view on this matter; i believe the element of reason is much stronger than the element of egoism.

Now concerning the whole "evil corporate powers"-thing; i truly see this as the biggest problem. And the only answer i can see is some insanely big revolution or something, which is rather bad in this context, seeing as it would only increase the conflict. But i don't know, maybe Marx got a point after all..
Perfectly written and expressed. I wholeheartedly agree and practice this in my life daily. Thank you for sharing.
>I believe it is fair to say that the average Human believes in peace and understands that a world without conflict is best for us all.

Uuuh no, I disagree. Not even trying to be edgy, but I honestly believe that a world without conflict is a stagnating, pointless world.

Without conflict, there is no change, without change, there is no growth. 

Even if it were possible to eliminate all conflict, I'd be against it. CMV.


&nbsp;

"The Self says to the mind: "Feel pain!" Then the mind suffers, and thinks how it may put an end to its suffering -- and that is why it is *made* to think."
I appreciate this whole post. Agreed. and all your final, final notes i think that it just shows more of people saying you "can't". I think it gets to the point where people in a way give up on peace as a form of peace.
Peace is the freedom from responsibilities and conflict. What we should be building is a system to balance interests and aim for purity of communication. 
*"In Part 2 of our ongoing series that examines the philosophical origins of, and the reasons for, a possible transition from Liberal Democracy to Authoritarian Democracy, we return to very beginning of Modern and Proto-Liberal political philosophy, Machiavelli and the Great Prince. In this episode, "Machiavelli and the DNA of Authoritarian Democracy," we investigate Machiavelli's radical rejection of Classical Political Philosophy, what this means, and how his "political solution," the Great Prince, lays the foundation for the eventual transition to Authoritarian Democracy. enjoy. "*
Ok I can't untangle all of this but I'll throw out a couple of considerations. Firstly, on your critique of omnipotence and omniscience. Descartes proposes that it is best to understand these concepts as bounded by the logically possible. That God cannot make a four sided triangle does not undermine God's omnipotence because such a shape is not a logical possibility. Ditto the proposal that God is not omniscient because God does not know what a four sided triangle would look like. Should we accept that the Christian concept of God is bound by logic? Well the very first statement in the Gospel of John is "In the beginning was the Logos", so yes I think it is permissible to see logic as central to the Christian conception of God. Omnibenevolence is more tricky. We have got the Free Will Defence, a version of which runs thus: The only way to preserve our freewill is to live in a morally ambiguous word where we cannot be certain that God exists (this is sometimes referred to as an "epistemic distance"). The only way to have a morally ambiguous world is to have a world in which trully terrible things genuinely do happen. As to why it is so important that we have freewill, not sure there has yet been a satisfactory answer, although various formulations of the Irenean theodicy attempt to offer one.
The question of evil doesn't have to be answered by either of the two arguments you make so I'm not sure what your definition of ‘typical’ might be. However, the Judo-Christian view is that God's ways are not our ways and by their very nature he may have a perception on evil and suffering that we cannot comprehend. This call to mysticism is part of why it requires faith, not reason, to believe in God.  

Returning to the question of evil: It should be noted that in Islam, it is very much part of the picture of God that there is suffering. They answer the question of evil by simply stating that good and evil are both part of God’s complete picture.

> "Can God make an object that even he can't move?"

You’re equating potential and actuality in a way that doesn’t necessarily follow. You don’t need to raise this paradox to argue against your idea of God. You can’t in any case argue against your idea of God and then project it further into what is the Christian idea of God. Christianity already produces enough evidence that your notion of an omnipotentence doesn’t match the picture of God in the Bible. The God of the Bible could in theory make us all perfectly good but he chooses not to. He teaches human beings in strange ways that doesn’t fit the picture of an all powerful God. In Christianity, he chooses to be born fully human and die. How can that picture of God have any relevance to this God you seek to entangle with paradoxes?

So you may be arguing against another picture of God, one bound by logic puzzles and questions of identity. In which case, I think you will have no trouble arguing against that God because you have set the rules for his existence. 

> "Can God not know something?" 

This is an interesting line of attack which even your poor logical construct God cannot possibly think is fair to ask! Its a bit like asking whether an infinite set can be encapsulated by another infinite set. Well, of course not! By the definition you’ve already set this to fail.

Ultimately, your argument seems to set up a stawman picture of God that is easy to refute but has very little relation to the God of the Abrahamic traditions. As you define the terms, of course you will be able to construct them to favour your argument. However, I would wager your argument isn’t very convincing to anyone not already inclined to disbelief.
I don't want to get into all your misconceptions in this post, so I'll just critique the "omnipotence" point. If we assume one to be "omnipotent", then we assume he can move anything. We also assume that he can create something as big as he desires. Therefore, the object he creates could be infinitely big, given that omnipotence leads to infinite power, yet he will always be able to move it, because his ability to move the object is also infinite. You can't call having "infinite power" not omnipotent, as two infinities is not a limitation, rather it is something that just doesn't exist. 
So If he knows all "facts" with 100% accuracy, and thinks he knows all them with 100% accuracy, he cannot know all with 100% accuracy due to the fact that we DONT know what we don't know, correct?

 SO this is both easy and hard to grasp. This may be a bad example, but say you have a simple round fish bowl representing the "ALL" and in it you see one Fish. You're absolutely sure of that. So we know ALL. But you're saying we don't know all because we don't know what we don't.

 So... I guess what you're saying (or what I'm drawing) is what we dont know, we CAN'T know? Because all we perceive and will ever perceive is the one fish. 
Humans have the problem of assuming God in logical fallacies, akin to using infinity to calculate anything. It's a paradox.  Rather, like op stated, should be 'bound' by logic.   

I have this weird idea that if everything was perfect, in the way we think perfect is, then good wouldn't exist. Is like saying.. if everything   was the color green, and we never knew any other color than green, than what is green to compare to? It wouldn't be green.  It's paradoxical.  Can somebody explore this for me?  I'm not good with words.:)
See what you have here is an attempt to apply our very limited scope of collective knowledge to a being that has always existed. Just that idea in it self is baffling to most if you truly think about it. We try to develop these "traps" for God, and work around our own mental and physical limitations in making them. As for his benevolence, our suffering is a product of our fallen state. Good and bad falls on each and every one of us despite our standing with God. That saying "rain falls on all of us" basically sums up the idea that bad things inevitably happen to good people, and its no indication of whether God is truly benevolent or not.  

Lastly hope of Christianity is not in an easy life. Many of the greatest men and women of faith endured horrible suffering but their eyes were fixed on the promise of eternity not the shallow hope of a comfy existence.
> always come back to "God can do no wrong" as a definition and so he IS always benevolent no matter what happens

The whole "fall" part kind of obviates this. If Adam and Eve were kicked out of the garden for eating from the tree of knowledge of good and evil, then surely we're capable of judging whether God is good or evil. Simply saying "it's ineffable because God is aways good" means the tree is a lie.

> If the answer is yes, then he's not omnipotent, if the answer is no he's not omnipotent.

You are assuming that God follows the rules of logic, which are simply empirical in this case. You've never seen something that's both true and false, so you assume it can't happen, but God is omnipotent. Can God violate Modus Ponens? Sure, he can, by definition, do anything.

> he certainty won't KNOW with 100% accuracy

You're doing the same thing that many philosophers mistakenly do. You're taking everyday common-sense logic, and applying it far outside the realm from which it comes. He knows with 100% accuracy because that's what Omnipotence means. It only doesn't work for humans because humans don't have a complete understanding of everything. When you start talking about things like "other universes" or "infinite space" or "forever" or "omnipotence," you're leaping from everyday fallible human spheres to areas where it doesn't necessarily apply. It's like taking arithmetic, then trying to apply the common sense of counting apples to the mathematics of infinite and trans-finite numbers.

Do you know with 100% certainty that you are conscious? Yes. Could you be mistaken? Not according to Descartes. What if God's knowledge is like that? You don't have any intuitive idea what omnipotence is actually like, and if you go off the definition of the word, then obviously God *does* know with 100% accuracy everything.
>One example that is also a classic is "Can God make an object that even he can't move?" If the answer is yes, then he's not omnipotent, if the answer is no he's not omnipotent. I honestly don't see a reason to go any further, imo that proof is ample, there's no other answers and both answers mean he's not omnipotent thus he is not.

If God is omnipotent he should be able to defy logic, and thus be able to lift even a rock he can't lift.

He can also draw square circles and make it so 1+1=3.
The problem is, you have to use the words in the meaning those who said them apply to them. It may have been more in a "Wow, he can do everything" way. After all they were thoroughly impressed by their god supposedly helping them defeat powerful armies which is far below literal omnipotence as we would understand it. You extend omnipotence to creating something that can't exist and put it in contradiction with itself that way. Also omniscience may well mean knowing everything that goes on in the world. 
I really do appreciate your argument as it dismantles many of the false ideals held by my fellow Christians. There are inherent paradoxes with the concept of an all powerful being but that is not the point of God. The concept of God is that he created the universe in the same way anyone can set a marble down a track. He can follow it and stop it, but he refuses to do so because he granted "free will" to mankind and wishes it to take charge of its own destiny. Many misinterpret Genesis as the creation of the Universe while instead it serves much better as the creation of the human soul. He is not always teaching a benevolent lesson and largely lets the Earth and its contents run its natural course. God has never proven nor claimed he is Omnipotent and Omniscience. For the Bible was not actually written by God or Jesus but instead it was written based off of letters and teachings of Jesus and God by their early followers and disciples. I liked your argument and appreciate the points you made, but do not discount God so easily.
Just because we don't understand how it's possible doesn't mean it isn't.


The same logic you use can be applied to quantum physics. A physical thing cannot be at two places at once and yet that is what some quantum particles do.
I think the biggest misconception here is about God being omnipotent. Christians don't believe God is omnipotent in the sense that He can do everything. The Bible states that He's bound to a set of rules, and that set of rules keep him from doing a lot of things. One can never understand Christianity until understanding that the Bible God is not omnipotent. Take that as a starting point and all the rest falls into place.
I feel that discussions like these, while interesting, for me break down to a question of relevance. If god does or doesn't exist and what state of presence it has seems to me to be irrelevant while being bound inside this fish bowl.  The laws that I have to abide by are indeed physical ones. For example, if I fall out of a tree it hurts. Morality, to me, is just an abstract of self preservation. If some omnipotent being wants to judge me by some arbitrary set of rules after I die and decide my fate, or not, so be it.
>One example that is also a classic is "Can God make an object that even he can't move?" If the answer is yes, then he's not omnipotent, if the answer is no he's not omnipotent. I honestly don't see a reason to go any further, imo that proof is ample, there's no other answers and both answers mean he's not omnipotent thus he is not.

I never understood how this can be proof of anything. 

Your reasoning would assume a God of whatever kind is bound by our logic. Immovable is a constraint laid upon us by our dimension, not necessarily his. He could create an immovable object within this universe perhaps, and if he were to adhere to the rules of our existence he surely could not move it, but that would be due to his willful respecting of the boundaries of our plane.

If he were to ignore our boundaries, he could likely move the object, but since "immovable" might then cease to be a concept to him, he has not actually moved an immovable object, he has simply moved an object.
> The classical one is if God is all loving, all powerful and all knowing why does he let suffering occur? Now the typical response to this is "God works in mysterious ways" or "It's because life is a lesson" now, I fail personally to see how a child being raped death is a benevolent lesson to anyone but I admit I can't PROVE that God doesn't set the morals and that by logical fact they really can do no wrong and thus anything he allows wasn't unbenevolent of him.

I think a significant problem with this is that we're applying *our* morality onto God.  Our morality is fundamentally wrapped up in our values, reflecting those needs in our lives.  If we assume the same for God's morality, then we, as mere mortals, can't even begin to comprehend the underlying fundamentals of God's value system.  We can, at best, apply our own to a seemingly omnipotent being, which will always be wholly inadequate.

Let me contrive an example:

What if, despite *our* perspective that God is all powerful, God does, in fact, have restrictions.  What if god has to maintain a particular balance in the universe, and that means that bringing an entire planet of intelligent life into being requires something horrific to happen to one of God's creations elsewhere in universe.  What if that means we have to suffer rape or murder or female genital mutilation?

That seems barbaric from *our* limited perspective of the impossibly large and complex universe, but may just be par for the course for a creature (or creatures) of godly proportions.

To put in closer perspective, have you ever mashed a mosquito?  You are, effectively, a god in comparison, but you don't consider the mosquito has offspring to feed, or doesn't expect to have its existence extinguished by something so horrific as being smeared across my forearm.
There is no spoon. 
I disagree that the three concepts could not exist in a vacuum, individually.  An omnipotent God could create an object that it both could and could not move simultaneously, and also infinite possibilities including where it does and does not exist, all at once.  An omniscient God would by definition know all possible things and all impossible things.  There would be no worry of "don't know whatcha don't know", because by definition that God knows all.  Benevolence, or infinite empathy and compassion, is somewhat self explanatory, and possible - but would probably result in not creating anything, as that thing would suffer somehow.

God could be All Loving, or All Powerful, or All Knowing, but not all three at the same time.

God could be All Loving and All Powerful, but have serious limitations as to what is known.  Hence it(I will use it, as this theoretical God does not have a Gender) would not know the future, and have the best of intentions - but a lack of information as to how the things it would do are going to turn out.

God could be All Loving and All Knowing, but be very limited in its ability to affect the material universe.  Hence the presence of disease and general human malady.

God could be All Knowing and All Powerful, but not care very much about the individual plights of its creations.  This seems unlikely, as the ability for us to perceive and enjoy beauty and life are unlikely to be created by a "curious" or neutral god.

So actually any two are plausible, given the state of our world.  Or a less absolute combination of the three.  But having those three "classical" qualities seems very impossible.  My personal opinion is that if there is some God, it is not any of those, but has some limitations that forced it to create us as we are.

I have heard the argument made "we simply do not understand God's plan".  However, a God that loved us deeply and was also infinitely knowledgeable and powerful would know how we would suffer, and empathize with that suffering, and is surely intelligent and resourceful enough to create a being that does not suffer so.  This is also relevant to the "suffering breeds growth" and "life would be boring without suffering and we would be unmotivated" arguments.  But again as above, with infinite possibilities and the capability to create them, one would imagine a God could think of a better way to create a world in which individuals have free will, but would not suffer so.  

Consequences beyond our control, such as volcanoes and glaciers, do not result directly and knowledgeably from our own actions.  So it cannot be said that all suffering is the direct result of our choices and actions, hence not a result of free will.

Either way, I sort of agree with your assertion that God cannot be as described in the classical texts.  However, it is not even remotely a disproof of the existence of a God, only that some humans had flawed perception of what God is.  An ant, if it could think, would believe us Gods, capable of incomprehensible and amazing acts.  So a God could exist, and not be perfect, but be our creator, and be Pretty Great.  And Christian texts just inferred that God can do anything, simply because God can do something that is beyond us.  
"Can God make an object that even he can't move?"

Well, let's see, God is the author of logic. Logic dictates the conundrum you discussed, but if God made logic, then he can unmake logic, or make a new logic, under which he can make an object he cannot move and still be omnipotent.

"Can God not know something"
The problem with this argument is that the ability to not do something you would never want to do isn't powerful. There are two possible reasons why God could be incapable of not knowing, firstly, because he's inundated with information whether he likes it or not, the second, because he really likes knowing everything and chooses to know everything all the time, regardless of circumstances. In the second case, God remains omnipotent.
Not protecting the innocent, knowing that they might, in turn, turn into a perpetrator...


I'm a bit late to the the party but I'll throw my two cents in. Your point is flawed because its one of theology and not epistemology. I know of no sect of Christianity that actually believes in an omni benevolent god. God is forgiving but vengeful. As to why bad things happen to good people the explanation is that this world is transitory. That's why so many saints are martyrs. I'm an agnostic but that's the justification for the idea of the Christian god. 
I understand your arguments. I have heard similar ones before. I liked monkeyx's point "I would imagine your argument isn't very convincing to someone not already inclined to disbelief". That very much applies to me. I was agnostic growing up, and it wasn't until taking and studying much philosophy that I came to believe--though I would say "know".

I know you set it aside, but the point on benevolence--Vincent Bugliosi in his book Divinity of Doubt puts it as "God cannot make up for what God has done." But this is doubt of omnipotence, not disproof of omnipotence/benevolence. If God is omnipotent he can absolutely be omnibenevolent even in an atrocious world. The fact that you cannot imagine or reason out how it could be is irrelevant.

As for omniscience, as has been pointed out on here, your concept of God is flawed so you come up with an easy disproof. But, paraphrasing the Upanishads (sacred Hindu texts), "God does not have knowledge, he is knowledge; God does not have life, he is Life." In considering the man on the cloud model, you apply arguments to God as you would a person or discrete entity. This is not valid. Basically it comes down to a hubris and a paradox:

1) you think that, if God did exist, you could reason him out--and that your inability to reason him equates to his necessary defeat. To quote Leibniz "to know in detail the reasons that could have moved him to chose the order in the universe--to allow sins, to dispense his saving grace in a certain way--surpasses the power of a finite mind, especially when it has not yet attained the enjoyment of the vision of God." 

2) in order to prove that God does not exist, you must know it for certain, or 100%. If you were able to know anything to 100%, your knowledge would be perfect. (Here I will make an assumption which is certainly scripturally justified, but you may not accept it) Since God is perfection, if you had perfect knowledge, you could only prove God. If you say you have disproven God, you have declared perfection in order to disprove Perfection.

Present God with your paradoxes and believe you have conquered him if you will, but how do you answer that one?

In terms of the unmovable object, an interesting thought I had (which really makes no headway in the argument perhaps and may not be correct but I think all here will likely enjoy pondering it) was that an immovable object is impossible in a universe where there is movement. Why? Relativity. So long as one object is moving, we cannot specify for certain which it is. Is the meteor shooting through space or is space moving around the metoer? Both are correct. That is relativity. So even if you had an "immovable" object from one perspective, from another it would be in motion, and there is no possibility of proving one right or wrong.

Finally, as a declaration to clarify my claim to knowledge of God. God is Existence. Every instance, every moment is proof and sufficient evidence of God, it doesn't matter if we judge it good or bad (again see omnipotence/benevolence discussion above for complaints). So one does not, and need not, prove God by any linear argument. Rather, whether you argue to prove or disprove God, you live as his constant and undeniable proof. Leibniz again "for we cannot find in any individual things, or even the entire collection and series of things, a sufficient reason for why they exist." There is no reason that life should exist, nor should continue to exist. This lack of reason, this lack of foundation beyond all understanding, we exault as God. We thank Life for its Being, its Presence.
I took a lot of theology in high school so I will only be referencing from the Catholic teachings, others may say otherwise, but i feel Catholicism's basis in classical philosophy may help it here. 

God is omnipresent, omniscience, and omnipotent. (According to teaching)

To address the statement about omnipotent, catholics believe that God is omnipotent, but by his nature of being purely good and benevolent, he would not interfere with our free will, so he knows what you will do, but by his goodness he cannot deny the freedom of man. This is why the evils of man exist, not because God is bad, Not because man is inherently bad, but because we(mankind) are free.

To build apon this, God doesn't exist inside time, (this sounds crazy but just follow) he exists in one perpetual moment. So God would experience you, and all of your ancestors deeds, past and future, at the same time. And if you believe in our understanding of Space-Time, this is the only thing that makes sense. IF God existed in time, he would be bound to one place thus he wouldn't be able to be omnipresent. 

Lastly omniscience. This harkens back to the understanding of God one needs to have. God wouldn't exist as we do. thus he wouldnt experience knowledge the same way we do. God would be able to OBSERVE everything at one time. So the literalization of all knowing is what leads you to your conclusion. 

Lastly Reference /u/Rinthrah 's comment for the reasoning and logic aspect.
of course its trivially true that omniscience and omnipotence are absurd concepts. If a being knows everything that 'will' occur in the future...including its own choices...then it cannot experience time or have free will. A being with true omnipotence trumps any other power in the universe, and by being able to effect any change that it chooses becomes the only source of everything which occurs...whether or not it is 'deciding' to effect that change (there is not difference between an entity which has full power over the 'force' of gravity 'allowing' something to fall or not)...making humans for example totally irrelevant.

But this means nothing about God. that is a thing with a very slippery definition and is more of a feeling than a concept. You arent going to impress anyone by proving that the god they beleive is impossible. it simply doesnt matter. they dont care what is possible and they dont even care what is true. They believe god for the sake of believing god, and when they need to worry about what is true their god belief is simply not something that ever gets involved.

The one single interesting point which can be made is that these ideas of god which religious people have proposed, and the funny attempts some religious intellectuals such as cs lewis have tried to somehow make the concept coherent and meaningful is...quite frankly...stupid. Its simply another point of evidence that religion often makes people more stupid. And i dont even mean that in an offensive or demeaning way. I dont look down on people for being stupid...for example a person a with serious addiction will often rationalize their behavior in a way which the sane friends around them easily see is absurd...it doesnt mean that the person suffering from this sort of mental illness is evil or inferior. It simply helps to suggest that something is malfunctioning in them.
Dr. Hovind addresses a lot of these points in this debate. https://youtu.be/UKyyaURZW-o

I remember him stating that even to simply describe God makes no sense because he created everything that could be used to describe him. If he was able to be fully understood by anyone, he's not as great as he says he is and is certainly not worthy of being worshipped.

EDIT: It's a long debate but a very good view.
God can't learn.

God can't change.

God can't alter his plan.

God can't fix a mistake.

God can't make a mistake (Babel, the flood, etc.).

My personal favorite is that god can't learn. Learning is something that all people can do so we are more powerful than god. Learning is also good, so because god can't do it: perfect learning (Aquinas) can't come from god. Therefore learning is a good that can't come from god proving that god is not the source of all good.
>One example that is also a classic is "Can God make an object that even he can't move?" If the answer is yes, then he's not omnipotent, if the answer is no he's not omnipotent. I honestly don't see a reason to go any further, imo that proof is ample, there's no other answers and both answers mean he's not omnipotent thus he is not.

All the terms you're criticizing- omnipotent, omnibenevolent, omniscient- are technical terms of a Scholastic theistic philosophy that are apparently beyond your knowledge. For example, the above criticism is a glaring sign of not yet passing the *pons asinorum* to genuine discussion/criticism of what most theists (classical theists) believe about God.

"Could God create a rock that he is not the creator of?"

This is precisely what the question sounds like to those who are familiar with what is asserted when "God exists" is proposed. God, by definition, is eternal; what is not eternal is, by definition (in the theistic scheme) created and absolutely subject to the power of the creator (which must be eternal). So it follows that any rock created by God is *absolutely subject to God*.

FYI "omnipotent" doesn't mean what you think it does (these three "omni" words are currently endlessly confused with what individual people *think* they *ought* to mean), but refers to the fact that God is (in Scholastic terms) pure actuality, lacking any potency, and thus is the *fons et origo* of any entity *potens*.
>"Can God not know something?" If he can, then at some point he will not be omniscience, if he can't then clearly he is not all powerful.

The issue here is that there's two possibilities, and if we consistently use either of them then these sorts of problems go away. (Same with "can God make a rock so big he can't lift it.")

1. God cannot make a contradiction/logic impossibility obtain. This is the usual theist position, because logic is taken to be not so much a constraint on God (or anything) as a constraint on meaningful propositions. So if I say "God has the power to make himself not omniscient" then I have simply said something incoherent.

2. God *can* make contradictions/logical impossibilities obtain. So omnipotence means he can make himself not know something, and simultaneously also know it.

In the first case, there's no problem here because "God not knowing something" is logically impossible, and God cannot make logical impossibilities happen (and this is no issue for his omnipotence).

In the second case there's no problem, because we've admitted that God can make the logically impossible happen... so there's no issue in saying that he could be omniscient while also not knowing something.

So, there's no problem.
You shouldn't waste your time trying disapprove something that hasn't been proven.

I guess exercising the thought in the complete abstract could have some yield, but is it really worth anything?

Religion is a mass delusion and the religious exists solely due to indoctrination. 

God is a man made farce, that's it.

Move on.
The possibility of evil is primordial to the meonic freedom before the creation of the world, God cannot change it - it doesn't make God evil, although it may be said it makes God not all-powerful in a sense, but not in regards to that which may be controlled, or which God has the power to exert over. The best elucidation I've come across to this problem is in Nicolas Berdyaev's work "The Destiny of Man".
How does putting 3rd dimension limitations on things somehow debunk omnipotence?
Wow, you completely ripped this off from a John Green video. Nice try, bud
>So: we are, given determinism, the sum total of all these prior causes, and therefore they do not force us to choose (because they are us), and therefore we are responsible for our actions... and therefore we do have free will.

Hm. This seems to be the (edit) compatibilism thesis.
We can argue about what constitutes "self" all day, and I think there are many reasonable positions to take on this matter. For me, Free Will boils down to the word "choice". Choice implies that it is possible that history could have been different. Choice implies that there is more than 1 possible future. However, once we assume determinism, both of these claims cannot be true. Determinism stipulates that there is 1 past and 1 future. Since there cannot be choice, there cannot be free choice. Thus, the issue of Free Will isn't "who is doing the choosing, me or outside-of-me-stuff?" but instead can Free Will mean anything if the past and future cannot be altered. 
> In order to say that you are forced to act by prior causes, we have to say that these causes are external to you. But that doesn't always seem to be the case. If we suppose determinism is true, then you just are the sum total of a whole bunch of prior causes: all the genetic and environmental factors that caused you to have certain beliefs, values, desires, and so on. So if you choose, we cannot suppose that these force you to choose. These things are intrinsic to and constitutive of you, not external to you.

I feel you've unfairly stopped the puck at genetic and environmental factors and whatever is included in the etc. For example what caused the genetic factors to be the way they are or the environmental factors for that matter? If we keep rewinding we may get back to a bunch of atoms bumping against each other some moments after the big bang. If these collisions caused or necessitated the genetic factors which then caused your actions or beliefs or what not would you now expand your definition of "self" to include those first few collisions of atoms?

Similarly for :
> Some prior causes do seem to be external to us. If I inject a probe into your brain and stimulate certain neurons or whatever, and this causes you to do something, then this is hardly a belief, value, desire, or anything else which is intrinsic to you.

What about if the probe inserted into my head causes thoughts, beliefs and desires such as: shoot up that place over there or jump over that chair? Certainly such things exist like certain drugs. Why do you (or would you?) count that out of the sum total of myself while my genes and environmental factors are part of my sum total? What gives the genes and environmental factors that special part of "me" while the probe is excluded even though both may cause certain beliefs and thoughts?
Disagree.  Strongly. 

>First, let us suppose that we are responsible for some action only in the case that we, in fact, chose to do it, and we were not forced to choose in this way by someone or something external to us. Differently put: if we make a choice, but it turns out we were forced to make this choice by someone or something else, then we can't be blamed or praised for that choice.

Gonna stop you right there.  No, I won't suppose we are responsible for some action.  We can never be responsible for any action as we never had any choice in the matter.  You don't get to choose what you choose.  I am 100% in agreement with Sam Harris on this.  We never made the choice.  Having a probe in our brain making us do something is no different than our brain neurons doing something without the probe making us do something.  In both cases we had no conscious authority over that process.  We were no more free to choose what we did in the 2nd case as we would with a brain probe.

>So: we are, given determinism, the sum total of all these prior causes, 

Which we had zero control over, no responsibility for, nor even any influence over given 100% hard determinism.

>and therefore they do not force us to choose (because they are us), and therefore we are responsible for our actions... and therefore we do have free will.

No.  This doesn't make any sense.  Because of determinism and the sum of all prior causes they don't force us to choose?  I would say its more than that.  There was never any choice to begin with.  What was going to happen was going to happen given the near infinite causal chain and events which came to the point of an apparent choice.  Because we consider our brain neurons part of "us" (which I say is an illusion in of itself) we're responsible for actions we have no control over?  I see absolutely no room *at all* for free will to exist here.

We are not responsible for our actions just as we are not responsible if we are legally insane, have a tumor in our brain causing us to do anything differently.  We recognize this easily.  But there is no functional difference between drugs "making" us do something, vs. a tumor vs. our "normal" brain.  Its all the same thing.  Brain neurons firing in a sequence that causes us to do something.  Its all unconscious cause and effect that we did not choose.  There is zero room for free will anywhere in your arguments.  The method by which the neurons fire is irrelevant.  If you can choose which brain neurons to fire even then there's no room for free will. Your choice to specifically fire certain neurons wasn't your choice to make and came to being from your unconsciousness through a cascade of causal effects that you have zero influence over as a free agent.

This doesn't change moral responsibility much however.  Doing something bad must be against the law.  The very fact of making something illegal will change your behavior.  This doesn't mean there's free will there.  100% hard determinism will mean people will respond to the threat of punishment in ways we want for a society.  Violate that rule and you must face consequences. 

So yes. I am a die-hard 100% hard determinist and it is utterly incompatible with free will.  Free will is impossible for anyone anywhere forever.

>This initially looks like a solid case, but seems less so if we closely examine what, exactly, the "you" is here: the nature of people, in the sense of being things which make choices. In order to say that you are forced to act by prior causes, we have to say that these causes are external to you. But that doesn't always seem to be the case. If we suppose determinism is true, then you just are the sum total of a whole bunch of prior causes: all the genetic and environmental factors that caused you to have certain beliefs, values, desires, and so on. So if you choose, we cannot suppose that these force you to choose. These things are intrinsic to and constitutive of you, not external to you.

I agree somewhat here.  But I would say essentially any definition of "you" is itself an illusion.  There is no self. 

I rambled on enough. 



If I understand you correctly, you're suggesting that the causes and conditions that led us to act in a way *are* us, thus, it was within our control to act differently?

&nbsp;

If so, I simply disagree with your definition of the self.  The causes and conditions that led to me typing this also led to you reading it.  Did I have free will over your actions?  Was I morally responsible for them?

Edit: Formatting
A good argument, but for me it doesn't work purely because I define Free Will differently, and I imagine other Determinists do the same. My definitions is that Free Will is separate to morality and responsibility, and that Free Will is purely the ability to choose, which requires more than one available option or possibility. In Determinism that is logically impossible so Free Will is by definition impossible.

In that scenario, Free Will, moral responsibility and choice are all useful tools but overall illusory.

It would be interesting to look at your argument though in terms of self, altering definitions to include only up to your creation as actually part of self.
>and therefore we are responsible for our actions... and therefore we do have free will.


Your entire argument is based around a -> b; where a is "humans are responsible for their actions" and b is "humans have free will". I don't accept that assertion.



You're just redefining "free will" and "responsibility" in a convenient way --- to be compatible with your definition of "self." Certainly, the self is *physically* responsible for its actions according to your definitions --- but this doesn't seem to entail any *moral* responsibility.

My own belief is close to Dennett's --- just as the mind sees faces and agency in the random noise around us (leading to ideas of gods), it sees agency within our own actions and constructs the illusion of a self.
You say "... they do not force us to choose (because they *are* us), and therefore we are responsible for our actions..." but any given individual has no control over any of the prior causes that comprise "them." 

I see how there is a practical sense of moral responsibility, but as Dennett says we are not "ultimately responsible." Don't you feel as though this is an important distinction to make when discussing moral responsibility (i.e. ultimate responsibility vs practical?) Or do you reject that we are not "ultimately responsible?" 
Aren't there occasions where things that we might consider part of the self (especially the 'bodily' self) might force us to act in ways that don't seem free?  

I used to describe the compatibilist position using the example of a reflex test - you know, with the wee hammer on your knee - and how this was different from raising your leg consciously, as an act of will.  But this could raise a problem, because aren't the spasms of someone suffering from certain diseases still a part of her self, or caused by her self?  They don't seem free, though.  We wouldn't hold such a woman morally responsible for harm caused by an involuntary spasm.   Or the auditory hallucinations of a schizophrenic, which seem to originate in the brain, are experienced as forceful, intrusive events, and so on.

Obviously I think you're right in what you say, I just think some teasing out might be required of what we consider to be the aspects of self which participate in free choice, and which constrain it.
Very well done, and it's refreshing to see someone write about this that has done their research. I see you reference others in some of your posts.

I never thought about the zen conclusion that you come to, and I think it's quite fascinating! I myself am more of a Pereboom determinism 'al dente' sort of disciple (I simply fool myself that I have freedom every day in light of such horror lol). I was wondering if you could elaborate on your last paragraph. I must object if I understand it correctly. Pereboom also talks about the brain probe in one of his works, and I wish to channel his thinking in my objection. The probe seems like an external thing influencing my action, and as such the causal outcome of that probe, which is not intrinsic to you, forces you into an action. But what is the logical difference between the probe now and a probe 10 years earlier which started a chain reaction that also led me to a determined decision at the present day? What if it wasn't a probe 10 years ago, but the flap of a butterfly's wing that oriented the causal chain into me making a determined decision now? What makes any deterministic effect on us 'intrinsic' to us vs not? How could any of my actions be intrinsic to me when they ultimately sprout from things out of my control since the moment I was born? Could you identify the prior cause that is unequivocally intrinsic to me, and not an external cause that definitionally composes my aggregate self? How could we say that the present immediate brain probe doesn't become part of my aggregate phenomenological self at the moment it acts on me?

I'd like to applaud your optimistic conclusion, but in my view your conclusion seems more frightening than other compatibalist arguments. Unlike other compatibalist arguments you seem to water down the concept of self into experience, which seems worse to me than insisting on a self in the name of decision making power. You accept that our 'self' exists as the aggregate of the prior causes leading to us in the moment, but to me that seems like a definitional self, not the autonomous self that can choose, if not act (perhaps rebel!), in *contrary* to said prior causes. Ultimately, even if we accept that the aggregate self is free because they are not being forced to an action as that action is merely our natural determined choice, it's scary for me to think that the 'self' is indiscriminate from their set history, and thus perhaps cannot be said to have freedom against their past. 


It always feels to me as though arguments for compatibilism are hand-waving and wordplay. Sure, if we accept all your definitions, then your argument holds... by definition, unless you're bad at making definitions. So, for example, I could define free will as being the ability to cut a potato (I'm choosing something absurd). I am able to cut a potato; therefore, I have free will.

So it is with your argument here: you've set up your definitions *just so*, and we, having accepted them, must therefore conclude that compatibilism is the case. And so it is this critical line here that makes you right by definition:

>the "you" is ... the nature of people, in the sense of being things which make choices

Here is the magic trick, the illusion of clarity. Why should I accept this definition? You support this by supposing that there might be two separate competing definitions.

>You are either some sort of thing which doesn't have beliefs, values, desires, and so on

or

>you do have those, but you didn't get them from prior causes

These competing definitions make very little sense to me as to why you would choose them. Maybe they're alternatives, but they don't seem relevant to your point, nor are they the only ones. If you wanted to make your point stronger, you would need to show how the alternative definitions are exhaustive and how they each fail.

As for your particular definition, it seems to grant special privilege to those particles which so happen to be comprising my body, especially my brain, as though by their close proximity, they are somehow exempt from being considered "outside causes" in the sense that would somehow invalidate my choices as being free. But what about [gut flora](http://www.nature.com/news/the-tantalizing-links-between-gut-microbes-and-the-brain-1.18557) or other influences? What about the fact that none of the particles currently comprising my body will be here in seven years?

Your argument runs into all kinds of problems. Compatibilism remains in my mind a kind of grieving stage for disaffected libertarians who want to accept determinism but can't reconcile it with their morals or worldview. Personally, I remain a libertarian for the sole fact that I experience choice and seem to understand it as an arbitrary kind of deciding between options. I recognize that in many respects it seems absurd, but I can't help but feel like the subject is so monumentally complex that any attempt to explain it at present would leave out critical information we haven't yet discovered. So, in lieu of an explanation I actually like, I go with my intuition, recognizing I could easily be wrong.
It has always seemed to me that most of the conflict between compatibilism and incompatibilism is largely about the definition of *free will*, so you were very astute to provide one and highlight it in your post.

The exchanges between Sam Harris and Dan Dennett, which perhaps stimulated your post (since you mentioned Harris), are a good example of this.

The situation seems to go something like this:

- Compatibilists: " well of *course* we're not *actually* free to do anything or *ultimately* responsible for our actions!"
- (most) incompatibilists: "well of *course* we're 'responsible' for our actions, since we're obviously the locus of physical causes around our physical person!"

So then given the above, what exactly is it that these folks disagree on? I think boils down to the term *free will.* Look at your definition:

> Free will is understood as that which is necessary for moral responsibility.

Well, in a deterministic universe where the past fully determines the future (in either an absolute or probabilistic manner), whatever the "will" is that grants/imposes responsibility on moral agents, *it isn't free*. And that really does seem to be pretty much the entire problem.

If compatibilists simply said, "you aren't free, but the determined will you have still makes you morally responsible for you actions," then folks like Harris would almost certainly agree and have no problems with that.

But they don't say that. They insist on using the term *free* will, when - as they themselves admit - it obviously *isn't* free at all.

And by the same token, incompatibilists like Harris could just as easily get over themselves and say, "yeah, OK, we can keep using the term *free will* as a proxy for moral responsibility, even if what we really mean is a causal locus to which specific events may be attributed." Harris seems to have an additional layer of practical concerns about the folk misconceptions about free will (i.e. that it is literally compatible with determinism via some supernatural mechanism), but these are secondary to the compatibilism debate.

Bottom line: to my eye it really is just semantics, with folks like Harris and Dennett talking past one another as a result.
The way I think about it is... Do characters in a novel have free will?  Do the characters in, say, an epic like LotR?

In my mind, each character makes free choices according to their nature, but the thing is their choices are determined BY their nature.  And in a way, they don't choose their nature.

I think we're saying the same thing, basically.
Posting this again, it got buried in another comment's thread.

You have defined free will as "that which is necessary for moral responsibility". In demonstrating that we, as a sum total of that which constitutes us, have moral responsibility, you have shown that free will, as you've defined the term, exists.

This observation is extremely uninteresting. It's a language trick that has led you to a recursive conclusion. Let's replace the term "free will" with the definition you have given it. Here is your conclusion with the substitution.

"...we are responsible for our actions... and therefore we do have [that which is necessary for moral responsibility]."

This statement tells us absolutely nothing. I can ride a bike, therefore I have the skills which are necessary in order to ride a bike. A more meaningful definition of free will might be something along the lines of "that which can allow us to choose behaviors in an indeterministic way".

Please respond if you believe I have unfairly represented your argument. I would love to continue this conversation.
Is it ridiculous to consider the possibility of infinite or near-infinite or even a small number of determined "threads" all happening simultaneously, and the conscious mind jumps between threads each decision it makes? So free will only determines which origin is appropriate for that action? Or am I too far out bruh...
The only issue I have is that once we get to the point where we're punishing you (like imprisonment or community service etc) for some negative action, we are incapable of applying that punishment to this *sum total that is you*. 

We would only be acting upon the present bodily organism part of you, and thus the punishment wouldn't fully act upon all the casual progenitors that led to your behavior. Seems unfair.
Sorry I didn't read the full shebang.

The determinism vs libertarian argument seems to me to want not for philosophical reasons but because it presupposes a biological consistency that doesn't practically exist.

Neurons are imperfect - they can be damaged by intoxicant consumption, the process of building memories, etc.

It's entirely possible that your decisions are a result of your experiences plus biological 'random walk', that is the sum total of your experiences which impact your brains physiological makeup including potential and entirely accidental susceptibility to particular hormonal discharges which themselves may alter your brain chemistry. Identical twins receiving identical stimuli with identical life experiences may have different reactions based simply on the fact that the brain does not always repair itself uniformly after forming a new memory. Biology is not an algorithm.

Although each damage-causing interaction may theoretically quantified and recorded, the effect is still decision making inconsistent with deterministic hypotheses - and to some extent inconsistent with "free will" because decisions are still made as the result of a quantifiable biological process.

At a single point in time your "decision" may reconcile with either viewpoint while remaining inconsistent over the course of a lifetime. Free will as such doesn't need in my mind some magical extrinsic justification - even if it is the result of highly sensitive cell repair mechanisms interacting erratically with mild electrical charges the right-here-right-now result is still the same with slightly different implications over the course of our civilization.

I understand that you are trying to apply a philosophical salve to a philosophical problem and I apologize for taking it in a decidedly biological direction but when it comes to human decision making and the exercise of "free will" from a practical standpoint I can't help but think of the delicacy of biology and the power of chance.
As an incompatibilist I disagree with your notion that we believe "free will" is necessary for responsibility. I believe that beings with a will are responsible for their actions, regardless of whether or not those actions were done deterministicly. Responsibility is a societal human concept, not a metaphysical one. It is defined by (and necessary for) our societal interactions, not by "free will".
I think the breakdown is "Free will is understood as that which is necessary for moral responsibility", since determinists don't inherently care about moral responsibility.

I don't personally believe in free will. I think we are incredibly complex self-mutating processors operating on incredibly complex inputs. Understanding human reaction to stimulus down to a neural level is so far beyond our understanding at this point that it might as well be magic.

Moral responsibility is irrelevant, only our best approximation of how people will act in the future is relevant. We hold people accountable for their actions not because they are morally responsible, but because that is really our only indication of their actions in the future.
I don't see why free will has to be necessary for moral responsibility?

If an immoral act is a choice of free will, a perpetrator is *deliberately* immoral committing it. If an immoral act is just deterministic motion, then a perpetrator is *intrinsically* immoral committing it.

Either way the perpetrator is responsible for the action, whether as a free actor or just the corpus of deterministic events that lead to the act, regardless of how much agency we assume we have.  


  


The argument that determinism (or, at least, causal structure) is *necessary* for free will goes back [at least as far as Hume](http://www.earlymoderntexts.com/assets/pdfs/hume1748.pdf) (see end of p. 47 - p. 48). *Edit:* [I'll just leave this here.](http://existentialcomics.com/comic/other/3)
I'm no studied philosopher or anything, so please excuse me if I'm making no sense here.

There is just a thought that I wanted to share: Doesn't OPs argument basically just remove the self completely from the argument? Expanding the definition of the self to include factors which would otherwise, given a more narrow definition, be considered external will ultimately result in the universe and the self being the same. And since the universe is considered deterministic in this argument, there is no free choice from an outside perspective IMO. Any choices made in that universe are just part of an all enveloping great deterministic mechanism.

EDIT: discernible choice -> free choice (english is not my mothertoungue)
I have always believed in determinism but thought that I made it up. Thank you so much for allowing me to discover this word today.
So an asteroid hurtling through space has free will as it whether or not it hits a planet. Because whether it hits the planet or not is determined by things contained within itself (its mass, its speed, etc).  You could say gravity is an external force applied to it, but that would discount the asteroids own internal mass/gravity which would belong to it and it is therefor fully responsible for. 
You distinguish between external and intrinsic causes. You make this distinction after you assume that a self exists. 

If you delve into the issue of personal identity, I think you will find that there is no such thing as a "self." It is a whole different discussion to have as to why it does not exist, but once you accept the more likely truth that it is not there, you can't distinguish between causes separate from you or causes intrinsic to you. 

To me, causal determinism is a blind actor. It does not recognize you or me. It isn't acting on external nonpersonal events or internal personal events. It does not recognize people, and it does not recognize any form of responsibility put on those people. 

Even if you could define a self, and even if you could associate responsibility with a self, you're then making the leap that it implies free will by way of your faulty definition of free will. You've put the cart before the horse here. You admit that your definition of free will is controversial, but you can't ignore that fact. I can buy the fact that a self could lead to personal responsibility, but I fail to see that personal responsibility implies that there is a choice. Just because we could morally judge selves doesn't mean we can assume the existence of choice. Your definition of free will needs a lot of work.

If we assume a self exists, the farthest thing I can accept is that we can judge people's causal chains. Your line of reasoning cannot go any further. You need to explain how personal responsibility can imply free will. 

Edit: Added some clarification and fixed some grammar.
Hi /u/slickwombat,

You write:

> we are, given determinism, the sum total of all these prior causes, and therefore they do not force us to choose (because they are us)

What does it mean for one ("you" or we) to be the sum total of these prior causes? 

You wrote elsewhere about second order desires, and I understand that by "these prior causes" you refer to all causes (or events?) that affect these second order desires. Do I understand correctly?

Does it follow for example that "you" are all the people who shaped your (2nd order) personality as a child? 

If so what does it mean to say that *you* are these people?

I can understand it as a poetic methaphor, or as a mystical expression. But is that how you meant it?

I can understand if you say that these people shaped who *you* are, but I do not understand how *you* can be literally understood to be them. Can you explain? 

After all, it seems that your motivation is that these people should not be seen as extenal to *you*.

It seems to me that your conception wanders in the direction of no-self in Buddhism. Is that where you are headed?


This is the first post in r/philosophy about free will worth reading in years.  Well done.
What is the difference between the probe you mentioned being the cause, and other environmental factors being the cause aside from the scale and speed of effects on the brain? I contend that if you say we *just are* the sum total of a bunch of prior causes then the probe qualifies as one of those prior causes. Why wouldn't it? The way I'm understanding your proposal even though a probe is controlling you, "you" would still be morally culpable for your actions. 
The point that is so often missed in these discussions is a simple but impactful one. Our brains are physical objects made of physical things. We understand individually how those things, of which they are made, function and they are either deterministic or random, (depending on your interpretation of quantum mechanics) and often seem to be something of both. How is it that one can come to believe that the sum of deterministic actors can result in something which has free will (and is by definition, non-deterministic)? 
I agree and find it rather obvious. People all become inadvertent dualists when we talk about the brain. As if anything that is discovered about *how* we make decisions somehow becomes "not us". It's like saying your car's engine can't explain driving because the engine is different from the steering wheel that you experience directly. 

What makes someone morally responsible for something, is if they sourced the mechanistic processes that lead to an action, *not* whether they are mechanistic or not. It's daft to say, "well those internal-to-them forces are mechanistic, so they're not responsible, they couldn't help it!" To which I answer, yes, they could not help it. That is why they are responsible, that is what responsibility means: some thing inside them compelling them to do a thing, when they could have had some other arrangement of bits that wouldn't. 

Free will can only exist if determinism is true. The contrary case should demonstrate this beyond all doubt: imagine a truly "free" will. No previous causes have any predictable relationship to the person's choices or behavior. This means the person can't learn anything. Knowledge affects perception, belief, and therefore behaviors that use beliefs to achieve goals. The person is indifferent to the effects of any of their actions. Killing a million people, or brushing of teeth are equally predicted because reasoning about cause and effect would make the will un-free. 

Such an individual would probably destroy themselves or others almost immediately. They would be incapable of being what any reasonable person would describe as a moral actor; they would be incapable of moral responsibility. 
You've basically formalised the viewpoint I've held for sometime, so thanks!
I always looked at it from this angle; we are determined mostly by causal factors, but we live with only a partial understanding of all the workings, so as result it has become necessary to improvise, ie: make an arbitrary decision in the face of adverse uncertainty.
I agree with your view when you consider the argument in terms of moral responsibility. We can have moral responsibility within the system that contains "us" or our "selves" (however you define "the self") and this can be compatible with determinism because of the fact that everything is working intrinsically. Since there isn't an external force acting, we can view ourselves as responsible for our actions. 
To then go on to say that we somehow have a choice about those actions seems like a leap. My definition of choice is a strict one wherein we have outcomes A and B and we need to be able to choose freely between which one occurs. I think this is maybe where our arguments depart and it could simply be different definitions of the word "choice". 
The line "therefore we are responsible for our actions...and therefore we have free will" doesn't hold. The opposite is true, ie. if we have free will then we are responsible for our actions, though not this. Being treated as morally responsible in society and having some kind of fundamental control over actions are worlds apart. 
I made a post about determinism in r/awakened, it will probably get a more lively response here--though I'm sure my terminology/belief systems will bring some incredulous responses.

I am a determinist and believe we are free. I think we have the wrong concept of free will. Free will stems from an intuited notion of freedom (I discuss this as our true freedom) and a feeling of involvement in action or power over things (this one is false). We are only involved with things and have a power to influence things in so far as we believe we are things--that we are some causative actors taking part in the causative chain. But then, queue Spinoza, if we are part of it, we are determined.

See my full discussion. https://www.reddit.com/r/awakened/comments/4yrcy1/our_true_freedom/

(clarified the second portion of our concept is mistaken)
Do you believe consciousness can exist without Free Will? 
I think there's compatibility between compatibalism and libertarianism actually.

*For most* of our life and activity and intentions it is in fact as you say, we are 'the sum total of prior causes'. We set rules and play games, and society is a game we play. But at the same time we are also radically free, in that we can say fuck it all and wipe the slate clean, start a new game all over.
So: we are, given determinism, the sum total of all these prior causes, and therefore they do not force us to choose (because they are us), and therefore we are responsible for our actions... and therefore we do have free will.

So: we are, given determinism, the sum total of all these prior causes, and therefore they result in how we act (because we are NOT sum of "all prior causes + choice"), and therefore we are NOT responsible for our actions... and therefore we do NOT have free will.
> the idea that every event is necessitated by antecedent events and conditions together with the laws of nature

But the laws of nature aren't laws that govern or make anything necessary. The laws of nature are simply true statements about how the universe behaves. Indeed, they are only true statements *because* the universe behaves the way it does. To suppose that the truth of the laws of nature brings about that behavior, is to put the cart before the horse.
Is this meaningfully different than an agnostic adaptation of Leibniz's PreOrdained Harmony?
If there is a gun to your head, then your knowledge about guns is what causes you to act, therefore even when you are coerced, you have free will under your definition of how things cause you to act. If you had no knowledge of guns and did not think the guy could kill you, then under your definition you would not be acting under free will and would not be responsible.

THis seems like the opposite of our understanding of free will.
I am not willing to make judgements, as I understand you're working on a unique mean of the term "free will".
This all depends on how free will is determined.

One way or another we are just bags of equations running around doing a few things. Lots of little equations that seem independent of each other, like atoms.

What does free will even mean then?  It means the answer to this question depends on the definitions of the words, since we already have the science worked out or suggested.
Sick name drop right at the beginning.
>Free will is understood as that which is necessary for moral responsibility.

Ooh...I can't say I like this. It seems to me that saying moral responsibility *follows from* free will given the inherent nature of free will is one thing; but *starting* with moral responsibility and working backwards from there strikes me as unusual, and kind of asking for problems.

>If we suppose determinism is true, then you *just are* the sum total of a whole bunch of prior causes

This is all very well if you're talking about 'me' in the sense of the physical form and constituent components of my body. But when I'm talking about free will, the 'me' that *I'm* interested in is my conscious identity and perception of the world and of my own mind. It seems that, physically speaking, you can just ignore my subjective existence, focus entirely on what's happening with the particles and force fields in my body, and determine exactly the same future outcome. That is to say, my subjective existence seems incidental to 'my' actions and the effects they bring about. And if that's the case, how does my subjective existence carry any moral responsibility for those effects?
>Differently put: if we make a choice, but it turns out we were forced to make this choice by someone or something else, then we can't be blamed or praised for that choice.  
  
You cannot be *forced* to take an action. You must surrender your autonomy, your control, in order for this to occur (at least for all such moral considerations).  
This is the "I think, therefore I am" of free-will.  
You (can) know that you have free-will.
BCBA here.  Read up on behaviorism - it's the science of human behavior and lays out empirically how our thoughts and behavior are determined.  Anything by Skinner, but Science and Human Behavior basically lays it all out.
According to your argument the sun chooses its path around the Milky Way and the planets choose their paths around the sun. They are after all the sum of all prior causes.

Not to be too harsh but your thinking on this subject is at the novice level.
I want to understand what everyone is talking about too! 
Why is this still agued even if the world has been proven to be non-deterministic?
This subreddit mindfucks me every time I open it up. 
We should accpet that we are a part of the Universe, not separated individuals. Under that premise, there is no need for concepts like Freedom nor Determinism.
Here is why I dont believe in free will. We are constantly gathering and storing data with our 5 senses, we are actively collecting data or passively (i.e reading a book or this sentence you are conscious of most of the data you gather. A scenerio where you are passively gathering data would be walking and hearing the sound of your footsteps on the concrete or people talking on the sidewalk across from you, the temperature outside, etc). Sometimes you are aware of the data you collect sometimes you aren't. But it all gets stored. 

Now when i say free will i mean free will as in the ability to act not based on previous experiences. And that is the free will we lack. 
Every decision you make has one 3 end goals essentially. End goal being a maximum "output" of happiness, comfort, or well being. To simplify it i just refer to the end goal as your happiness. Every action is you doing what you believe will make you happier in the end. Every single one. Down to the position you are sitting, lying, or standing in right now. That position is the one you thought would bring you maximum comfort, therefore happiness. Here are scenerios where one would say "but how does this make me happy, i d do or do do this and i hate it" etc

1. Going to work:

You go to work and you hate it. However you know if you stop going to work you may end up homeless, or to maintain the lifestyle enjoy out of work you need to keep your job and that lifestyle is worth working a job you hate or you have a family and you dont want to put the potentially devastating burden on them, its not worth the risk"

2. Suicide, how can anyone be happy if theyre dead? 

There are different reasons people kill themselves. 

Depression. Depression is essentially a lack of happiness. Nothing makes you happy. We humans strive for happiness, its what we live for (debateable to you i wont go into it). These people essentially hate not being happy so much, that ending this lack of happiness is better than enduring it) 

People without depression: 
You lost your job your SO cheated youre going to prison for life a close relative died etc reasons people may kill themselves.

All these people essentially decide that theyd be happier not living anymore and facing the consequences or dealing with the unhappiness they calculate coming in the future.

3. Putting your dog down, hes your best friend how does that benefit you?
You know your dog is in a lot of pain and you would be happier not seeing him suffer every day and prolonging that aganozing pain even though it hurts you deeply to see him die. 

4. Giving a homeless man money

You lose a quarter, dollar, 5, whatever you choose to give him. You dont know him, your well being is certainly not better giving these things to him. How does it benefit you?

Empathy. The happiness it would bring you to make someone else happy is worth the cost. A dollar is nothing to help out a fellow human being in your eyes. 

Going to school 
You hate it but you know youll be happier in the long run and its worth it. 

The list goes on. Everything you do is to be happy. But why does that mean we lack free will? So what if everything we do is to be happy? 

You are at point a. You MUST get to point b. There are 3 paths to get there. Youre barefoot.

Path A is made out of lava
Path B is made out of broken glass 
Path C is nice cool concrete lookin real good.

You might say you CHOSE path c but, previous data you collected told you the other 2 paths would make you much less happier to take than path c. 

Well obviously there is only one option there, what about situations where the path isnt so obvious?
This is where the previous data your 5 senses gathered and stored comes into play. You use this previously stored data to calculate maximum happiness. 10 times out of 10. Always use previous data you collected to calculate your happiness. And the though the answer may not be clear at first, in the end no matter how unsure about a decision you make, the decision made is the only one you could have come to using the data at hand. You were always going to calculate that x decision would result in maximum happiness. 

What are mistakes in life? Decisions you made that resulted in unhappiness. Nothing more. 

So you go through life collecting data, and using it to make decisions. Sometimes the decision is to collect data, but you only do so actively if you believe it would make you happier to do so (listen to that conversation, read that book, etc). Active data collection is not free will, because you use previous experience to decide whether or not you want to collect this data. 

So because collecting data is not in your control (free will), none of the actions resulting from that data collection can be considered free will. 


Free will is a useless concept, because it's impossible to prove one way or another, because it's a hypothesis without a connection or prediction, because it's often poorly or ambiguously definited, and because it's an ultimately irrelevant question.

Our minds very in state from one moment to the next, based on the sum of our experiences. So if determinism is true, them if somehow your brain was perfectly copied, you were cloned, and both of you were asked what you think of something, you would respond in the same way. 
You seem to have simply replaced the word "predetermined" with "forced".  The bottom line is whether or not one chooses freely.  The sum total of prior causes doesn't "force" us to choose, but it does determine what the choice is going to be, therefore, no free will.
This is something i've always had a problem with; if a person has free will because they are a unit set that comprises any number of qualities relating to causation, then the compatibility is reconciled by the fact that the only difference between a person and any other unit set is an arbitrary one.  So now, the free will has been SOUGHT by erroneously conflating the origin of the free will with the person, then a person accurately categorized in a materialistic way, then natural qualities of materialism are extended to free will, accidentally generalizing free will to any and all sets of real material phenomena.  So, free will is just an additional title given to a potential action that ultimately happens.  It feels like begging the question, free will is what people do because what people do is free will and we'll just avoid the free will that the moon exerts on the tides now.  It's all sophistic, attempting to find room for an illusion of the brain in nature as it appears in the brain.  Sure, we've been strict about extensions and generalization, but you KNOW the result is either a reductive proposition or someone is walking away feeling assured that they have a soul.  Occam's razor, then we have properly supported causality without the magical suggestion.  

This is why ethics is ultimately a rhetorical discipline.  And to that end, ethics will likely always be relevant because the margin of actual determinability is likely to always exist, infinitesimal as it could become.  Still it is fruitless albeit entertaining to discuss compatibility, except to discover the rhetorical strengths and weaknesses of positions complementary to effectually held beliefs.  I don't see that the respect of a philosophical kind should necessarily be given rhetorically powerful positions, and free will is no exception.
Cause and effect negates free will.
> Free will is understood as [...]

sure.

>  In order to say that you are forced to act by prior causes, we have to say that these causes are external to you

Okay, we have to acknowledge those causes as external

>  But that doesn't always seem to be the case.

Why not? As you said,

> If we suppose determinism is true, then you just are the sum total of a whole bunch of prior causes: all the genetic and environmental factors that caused you to have certain beliefs, values, desires, and so on.

Wouldn't incompatibilists correct your statement here?
You are the sum total **of the results from*** whole bunch of prior **external** causes. Can you elaborate on why those prior causes are not external? I do not see any support in your argument; you mentioned prior causes such as "genetic and environmental factors" but aren't those commonly understood as external factors? 

> So if you choose, we cannot suppose that these force you to choose. These things are intrinsic to and constitutive of you, not external to you.

**if**. Have you established that people can actually choose?

TL;DR

You have a definition of freewill that is based on choice and external force. Your argument would be more convincing if you elaborate on 1) why all prior causes are not considered to be external and 2) people can choose
Do we really need free will for our choices to be (im)moral? Why define morality by comparing our actions to what we could and should do, rather than comparing them to the ideal way, regardless of our ability of choosing what we do? Like in a puppet theatre, where there are also bad guys and good guys. The puppets are of course not really capable of morality, but as we immerse ourselves in the play, we pretend they are. Determinism and the illusion of free will and morality don't conflict as long as we accept both perspectives (that of the puppet/ that of the pragmatic audience) as complementary, not contradictory. 
Your argument isn't as strong as some other arguments for compatiblism because it relies on an internal/external distinction that is very vague. We haven't really solved the mind body problem yet, some people think we haven't even solved the body problem yet. To say that these factors that make up the causes for your decisions are internal and therefore you just begs the question of what you are. Is the butterfly that drew your father's attention to your mother and was responsible for the possibility of your conception you? At some point, the external becomes the internal and your argument breaks down. 
If determinism is true, there is no point in debating what is moral because it won't change anything if we know or don't know what is moral.  Then again, if determinism is true, then it is already decided if we are going to try to figure out what is moral so there is no point in debating if we should try to figure it out.  
If that's the case,  then it seems to me there is no discreet single person anymore and we're moving into some kind of Buddhist or Hindu philosophy. 
I think whether a choice is "free" and whether it's worthy of blame/legal penalties are different questions.  One of the functions of the legal system is to act as a deterrent to certain behavior for the good of society.  That deterrent is useful to society regardless of the determinism or free will hypotheses.

Determining "freedom" seems like more of an intellectual exercise for the sake of pursuing philosophy.
> In order to say that you are forced to act by prior causes, we have to say that these causes are external to you.

(Note: Below, I use "atoms" loosely here - physicists can substitute "gluons and bosons" where I specify "atoms"). 

Everything is atoms. People are atoms. When you say the universe is deterministic, you are quite specifically claiming that atoms are deterministic.

If atoms are deterministic (I don't believe they are, but here you are stipulating they are), then "external" and "internal" are ill-defined. e.g. Your body is made up of an almost entirely different collection of atoms now than it was a year ago. What's external and internal? The distinction is meaningless at the foundation of your assumed determinism (atoms).

In a deterministic universe, all that exists are these deterministic atoms interacting. The atoms that make up your body undergo deterministic forces, resulting in a complex but ultimately deterministic consciousness, which makes deterministic decisions. Free will is perceived but ultimately the universe follows a deterministic course.

Note: From a moral standpoint, it's mostly unimportant. i.e. if the Copenhagen interpretation of quantum mechanics was shown to be absolutely true tomorrow (i.e. atoms are fundamentally probability wave functions collapsing), society would not suddenly stop punishing murderers.
You sort of acknowledged this, but your definition of free will is not what the rest of us are talking about. This is exactly why I think most Determinism v. Free Will debates are just semantics.

Why not just go with the Webster definitions?

**the ability to choose how to act**

or

**the ability to make choices that are not controlled by fate or God**

Either of these are much more on point than **"that which is necessary for moral responsibility"**.

>if we make a choice, but it turns out we were forced to make this choice by someone or something else, then we can't be blamed or praised for that choice.

Here I just wanted to point out the keywords here are **"someone or something else"**. Determinism does not hold that you are always forced into action by things outside your own brain. I mean, in the ultimate sense, you are (since your brain is the product of outside things), but your brain is one of the most direct sources of your deterministic nature. It's not outside the determining forces, it's one of them. That can be important to note, depending on the arguments being made.

>If we suppose determinism is true, then you just are the sum total of a whole bunch of prior causes: all the genetic and environmental factors that caused you to have certain beliefs, values, desires, and so on.

Right. With you so far.

>So if you choose, we cannot suppose that these force you to choose. These things are intrinsic to and constitutive of you, not external to you.

And you lost me. Weren't we just assuming determinism is true? There is no "choose" if determinism is true. The whole point is choices are illusions. You assume both choices and determinism are real in your conclusion too and it just looks paradoxical to me.

> If I inject a probe into your brain and stimulate certain neurons or whatever, and this causes you to do something, then this is hardly a belief, value, desire, or anything else which is intrinsic to you. But this is not to say that we don't have free will.

I disagree. I think this is exactly what proves we don't have free will. A brain is 100% subject to physical forces, like anything else. You don't get to choose anything, ever. You simply do things according to your exact brain state at that moment (unless you simply define choice as "conscious brain function" or something like that).
"If we suppose determinism is true, then you just are the sum total of a whole bunch of prior causes: all the genetic and environmental factors that caused you to have certain beliefs, values, desires, and so on. So if you choose,"

Here is your mistake. You say we choose, therefore you say:
If A is true, A is true.
The thing is, if determinism is true, we dont choose, we just
do what we are destined to do.
[deleted]
There's no such thing as free will. Everything costs something.
>  If we suppose determinism is true, then you just are the sum total of a whole bunch of prior causes: all the genetic and environmental factors that caused you to have certain beliefs, values, desires, and so on. So if you choose, we cannot suppose that these force you to choose. These things are intrinsic to and constitutive of you, not external to you.

by this definition: "you" is the entire universe (prior causes after prior causes after prior causes...) it is nonsensical in the way we humans use the term "you" to describe individual humans and not the entire universe. All conclusions you draw from this "you" do not reflect humans individual humans.
Though not logically inconsistent, it's a whole lot of hand waving if you ask me. You explain determinism so soundly to a logical conclusion then seek a way out. Although I find this question one of the most fascinating ones of our time, seriously who cares if we do or not? Most of the evidence suggests we don't but that doesn't have practical application in our current society. I say pretend like you do, but don't forget that you don't. 

Though seriously, literally millions upon millions of life forms in the history of creation all acting on the confluence of genes, environment, and instinct and oh yeah, it's just us with the free will. 
Isn't this a flawed argument since there is no freedom of any kind in total determinism and the things we call beliefs are simply a system of causes. Basically that we don't form beliefs and are only a function of stimuli or causes effecting an outcome. i.e. my idea of morality is simply a series of neurons that fired in the right way given certain conditions as such I am a machine, my "self" is simply a strict progression of cause and effect, as such I have no free will culpability. Basically if my self is not subject to the control of an essence something that transcends the causal universe then what I  cannot have agency and my only freedom is the freedom from obstruction and even that can be considered as a cause to an effect in behavior. 
I'm not sure that I can understand what you're saying; but what little I can understand seems to be quite obviously incorrect to me.

If my interpretation was correct, what you are saying that the "self" is the same as the "intrinsic values" that determinism holds to determine one's actions.

Therefore, you propose, we do have free will, as you are your values and your values can choose what happens to you next.

But the thing about determinism is, those values are ultimately not from you - they're from everyone and everything else, an argument that I don't think is really addressed here.

For instance, let's say that I am born in a western country where I am indoctrinated from youth in western values.  How much of those values did I actually choose to take up, and how much of them were normalized or trained into me?  If we can say that those values take a part in my decision-making process, then it is not true that "I" am the one who decides; it is the western values, extrinsic to me which were indoctrinated into me, that is making that choice.

This might seem like a denial of responsibility; you might argue that I could have chosen to reject those values if I so felt like it.  But let's take the argument a step further, to address the concern of rejection.  What if it wasn't indoctrination of values, but a mental condition that I am born with?

Let's say that this time, instead of being born in a western society, I am born with a mental condition causing psychosis.  I cannot differentiate between what is real and what is not.  This is an influence on my decision-making process, but psychosis, by your argument, is argued to be a part of "me", and thus, the decisions I make during psychotic episodes are also "me".  Thus, it can be said that even if I'm suffering from a psychotic episode, I have free will.

However, let's consider it further.  Let's say I am under the belief that a boy has run across the road in front of my car, causing me to lose control of my vehicle and crash.  If I had known that the boy wasn't real, would I have chosen to get crash into a tree out of my own free will?   By your argument, it would appear that since the mental condition is a part of me, it was still me who made the decision to crash out of my own informed free will.  But I don't think it is the case.  It wasn't a decision that I would have taken if I had received true information about my surroundings; I was deceived into making the decision to crash through a mental disease, and clearly in that instance had no informed free will over whether to crash or not.

I simply don't see a difference between the case below and the case above.  In both cases, one's decisions was impaired by factors beyond their control.  I suppose you could argue that the doctrination and the mental illness are both a part of the self, and that thus, the self still ultimately has free will - but I would question how much of the self is actually the self, if that was the case.

Generally, I just don't think it is true that free will and determinism can co-exist, regardless of what is or is not defined as a part of you.  
The 'you' didn't choose to be made up the way it is, whether it is (arbitrarily) deemed internal or external. So I don't see how your idea gives us a free will - the ability to choose - at all.

Also I think you have a piece of logic backwards, it isn't responsibility for our actions that means we have free will, it is having free will that means we are responsible for our actions.
I usually think this is a problem best turned up side down...

If I have no free will, then why are there companies spending billions of (insert local currency here)s to influence it to buy something I don't really need or vote for someone I don't really trust... 
Look so far as we understand the universe all the evidence points to this thing called free will and true agency simply just doesn't exist.  The simple fact of the matter is that we seem to think ourselves as exceptions to this whole universe behaving in an orderly way kinda deal. So far as we know we don't function in any other fundamental way than anything else in the universe. Whether it be a dog, cat, rock, or super intelligent AI. There are rules here. People really need move on to how we best understand this aspect of life and how we can use it to better our world.
Very outside of my normal area of consideration, so pardon any ignorance.


Wouldnt deterministic no-free will make us more responsible for our actions than having free will? Responsible not as a quality of choice but that of predetermined and unmutable cause and effect.


Water is wet and thus will always be responsible for making this wet as it touches them, there is no choice and always direct consequence.
Humans can cause, say, climate change, but are not responsible as its not a constant outcome of 'humans".
Unsure if expressing the idea correctly or am being stuck on a semantic choice for 'responsible'?
> If we suppose determinism is true, then you just are the sum total of a whole bunch of prior causes: all the genetic and environmental factors that caused you to have certain beliefs, values, desires, and so on. So if you choose, **we cannot suppose that these force you to choose**.

The bit I've bolded: it's the foundation of your argument, and it's pure assertion.
In terms of punishment:

You're looking at it backwards.  As a determinist, Moral responsibility isn't necessarily punish those who have done wrong.  We assign people moral responsibility, and punish them, so they can be influenced to course correct.  As society still holds free will to be true so sometimes  this isnt done well.   A deterministic approach isn't a fatalistic approach.  In fact, because we know people aren't closed static systems, we have a more positive view of rehabilitation.
Yes, thus we are able to draw a conceptual distinction between being forced to act by some external agent (a gun to the head perhaps) and being free to act according to our own preferences/desires/inclinations what you will. However, your claim that "you" is, according to determism, "just... the beliefs, values, desires and so on...", misrepresents the determinist position. A determinist can propose that "you", by which you seem to mean personal identity, is our conscious awareness of our beliefs, values, desires etc.. Thus desire 'A', perhaps a genetic predisposition for sweet things, might be in conflict with desire 'B', let us say a conditioned concern from our upbringing that sweet things are to be avoided because they will make us fat. In this situation desires A and B are indeed external to "you", and act in much the same way as a gun to the head, albeit with less compelling force. The determinist holds that whichever desire you do end up acting upon is inevitable and could not have been otherwise, and that freewill is an illusion caused by the fact that we have competing desires impinging upon our consciousness/personal identity. I'm afraid you can't erode this position simply by offering an incomplete description of what makes "you" "you". 
Ignoring the flawed concept of language/abstraction, "there is only one reality of the (past), present, (future)" (hard determinism) is incompatible with "there are multiple realities in either (past), present or (future)" . No matter how much you try to bend the semantics.

We can change the meaning of words like "will", "self", "choice", "options" and many more. Many of these rhetoric acrobatics will make it harder or easier to detect certain incoherence in between. But if reality is believed to be singular in any shape or form, than the common abstract interpretations/definitions of guilt, responsibility, free-will, pride and many more go out of the window at that point.
That does not mean that there might not be useful/practical alternative definitions/interpretations of those concepts.

Either way, a more thorough argument about my position would obviously be out of scope for reddit as many of you are probably aware, so I ll leave it at this. ( spoiler: a "thorough" analysis would also lead to the inevitable conclusion that there is no absolute knowledge to be found on this or any other matter)
This seems like a pretty sophisticated (desperate?) attempt to cling to the notion of free will. Why is it so important to have free will? Is it just so that we can hold people morally responsible for their actions? Can't we "act as if" we have free will,  even if we don't? If so, "fear of consequences" can still be one of the factors that determines behavior. Whether or not it's "fair" to face consequences for actions without having moral responsibility for those actions is a different question. Is life "fair"?
This argument is pretty weak. 
If you characterize determinism at the quantum level (i.e. particle behavior), free will becomes a function of quantum statistics. It may one day be technically possible to predict or manipulate the outcome of these pseudorandom particle interactions. I say 'pseudo' because true randomness does not exist in the physical universe.
I would not try to determine what causes a choice and derive from that free will, but to see that choices have consequences and those consequences lead to different outcomes in the future that could change easily a predetermined history with the force of the butterfly effect (chaos theory). 

If that is not enough just try to explain whether Truman had a free will to choose the options that led to nuking Japan or not. His decission influenced so many peoples lives that you can hardly argue that his choice did not make any difference in the outcome of a predetermined future. If it was determined, that just one of those Japaneses who died would find a cure for cancer, then that determination was broken by a mans free will decission. If it was determined in the first place that all those people would die, then Truman had not a free will in the first place. His decission and the absence of a free choice were predetermined to begin with, so every predetermined occurence in the future would become true.
I like this,for me determinism is a platform for making reliable decisions. I think there is a distinction between hard determinism and fatalism.

Frankfurt cases can be considered valid.
My thing has always been, if determinism is true, then apparently we have the perfect illusion of free will, and what's the difference between free will and the perfect illusion of free will?

But I like your argument. It's very thought-provoking!
You aren't the causes. You are some of the effects of the causes. 
Compatibilists gonna compatibilist. Must be easy to be in denial of the full implications of causal determinism; when it is first required that you're in denial of your own subjective experience of free will. 

Slightly more difficult in this shitstorm of denial, is to reconcile the pragmatic benefits of believing in a free will that is neither causal, nor random. If it be an "illusion", of what pragmatic benefit would be in its belief? At this difficult juncture, determinists and compatibilists alike, must be humbled. 
It will be hard to argue with the current understanding of how the brain works. The underlying bio-chemical and electrical interactions that happen are not free to choose. Even if we include the stop signals that can be produced by consciousness, that's also is determined by internal & external factors.

My "choice" to reply isn't really a choice. There are time where I won't reply and that isn't really a choice either. It's just the condition and formation of my brain, it's current state, the environment that determine what "I" will or will not do in very specific conditions.

From a moral perspective it's not so much that we stop using corrective actions, it's just difficult to assert that an individual is ultimately responsible for his actions. We still have to determine if this person has the capability to rehabilitate and function in society. It changes from punishment to "re-programming". Some people will give the indication that it's unlikely to change, and hence forth need to be separated from society and looked after differently.

I think one of the fears of having societal acceptance of this view is that systems would be eliminated because of moral implications, but I think they would just change to address the new understanding, we would still need these elements in society but they might just need to be re-worked to fit with the new understanding. 

People will not like being compared to animals, but we don't particular blame dogs when they commit various actions (like biting someone), but that doesn't mean we do act on those occurrences. We remove them from our environment. We don't just let the dog free. I am not suggesting we go exact same route, because I believe most dogs are put down after something like that, we don't take chances, but it would be a similar idea. It really depends on whether or not we see evidence that individuals can be rehabilitated or not. 

It will be far more challenging for sure...but unless we gain a new understanding of the brain and that new information leads to us having free will then...It's probably the path we are heading towards.


 
these things are intrinsic and constitutive of the individual but that doesn't mean he/she can take responsibility for them.
Maybe you should ask first, whether you really need a free will to be morally responsible. The work of P.F. Strawson and G. Watson are interesting regarding that question.
Especially have a look at Strawson's FREEDOM AND RESENTMENT http://www.ucl.ac.uk/~uctytho/dfwstrawson1.htm
> So: we are, given determinism, the sum total of all these prior causes, and therefore they do not force us to choose (because they are us), ...

I think this point is where the determinist would disagree.  Determinism's argument isn't necessarily concerned with the difference between external and internal causes, they're just seen as causes.  To my knowledge, the main argument for determinism goes something like this:

1. Chemical reactions are responsible for the existence and workings of the brain.

2. The Brain and it's workings are responsible for consciousness.

3. Therefore, Chemical reactions are responsible for consciousness. 

It's imperative to understand the role of the words, "Chemical Reactions" and "Consciousness."  In the context of the argument, "Chemical Reactions" is defined as, "naturally predetermined actions as a result of other actions or stimuli."  This gives chemical reactions the quality of being deterministic;  to be caused by chemical reactions, is to have been determined.  Also, our "Consciousness" is integral to our identity and ability to make decisions (as being conscious is a prerequisite to make decisions).  So following this:

4. Chemical Reactions are deterministic.

5. Therefore, consciousness is deterministic.

I've been writing this off and on for the past hour or so (at work), so my apologies if this is kinda short or not so well put together.  The two problems with this argument are the problem of the first mover (what caused the first action), and the problem that we don't totally know how consciousness works.  I think it's most reasonable to be a soft determinist, with these problems in mind.

Also, the denial of akrasia (Protagoras) is pretty interesting in relation to this argument.
Minor: your libertarians very much have to do with the political position. Libertarianism as a political view is based on the supposition that individuals have free will and determine their own lives/destiny.  
  
But to your main point, it seems a tautology. You accept choice as being real, and you define people as "things that make choices". That's where it goes awry. 
  
But also, your primary conclusion "So: we are, given determinism, the sum total of all these prior causes, and therefore they do not force us to choose (because they are us), and therefore we are responsible for our actions... and therefore we do have free will."  
  
To me, this seems illogical. It does not follow that prior causes do not determine us because they are us. 
I don't agree that moral responsibility should be discussed directly in a deterministic framework to regard of free will, as if responsibility is directly linked with free will.

One should have the discussion about moral responsibility in the context of "human desicion-making", and how it is affected - determinisicly - by thoughts and outside influences.
Apparently I didnt get my point across very well. I "proposed" that the vast majority of cultures use the term or the equivalent of "choice" in their language in a way that "means" : "you have multiple options that are somehow all possible (cannot be in a deterministic universe) and not just decoration that distract from the fact that there is only one "choice/option" to begin with.
A more logical approach is pointing out that you can only "choose between things". If there is only one "option", there is per definition no choice and also no "option", because we call events that involve no "choice" "consequences" and not "options". So if all the other "options" were per definition (determinism) no "real options" in the first place, than there was also per definition no choice.
Choice : "Choice involves decision making. It can include judging the merits of multiple options and selecting one or more of them. One can make a choice between imagined options ("what would I do if ...?") or between real options followed by the corresponding action."
(The important part here is "of MULTIPLE options")
Options: "a thing that is or may be chosen"
(The important part here is "IS or MAY be chosen", so it needs to be actually POSSIBLE to choose something for it to be considered an "option")
Selecting: If you then search for definition of "selecting" you will find that it is defined as "carefully choose as being the best or most suitable." A pretty straightforward and boring circle of two definitions that point towards each other.
What that means is that there is no good way or "official source/definition" to "prove" or argue for my proposal outside of social studies and statistics.
But I am confident that the vast majority of people does not use the word "choose" or "option" when they describe a situation with only 1 possible outcome. The biggest exception to this is a small abbreviation that people use:
"I had no choice" vs "I had no OTHER choice"
I would argue that the first one is correct in terms of semantics and the second one is a contradiction inside the language. If there was only 1 outcome, than there was neither a choice nor any option.
The same holds true for "There was only one option".
If you are interested how these incoherent phrases developed in the first place: Its because of the often present "option to do nothing". In most cases people perceive there to be at least a choice between option 1 and not doing option 1.
But obviously that means that there WAS in fact a second option. So the phrase "there was no other option" is always flawed. Either there was a second option of doing nothing, or there was no option in the first place, only inevitable consequences.
So to make my original statement a little more poignant:
Determinism -> there are per definition no possible options/alternatives, only one consequence for any event -> therefor there was never, per definition, a choice "between" anything
The semantic meaning that you proposed for the word "choice" is a synonym for the word "consequence". Which is incoherent with how our languages define "option/alternative". One last time: There can NEVER be only one "option" .
you cannot even support the idea that the 'you' that you think exists actually does exist within physical reality. 'you' are simply a collection of mindless particles moving around as dictated by fundamental forces. There are no choices, there is no you.

Everything that YOU experience in physical reality is in fact an illusion. This at least is obvious based on the fact that that we all have incomplete information and therefore our interpretation of events is incomplete. This includes your perception of self and your perception of choice. Scientifically, we are aware that the particles inside our body have no difference to the particles outside our body. In fact, they often migrate from outside to within and visa versa...it makes no difference.There is nothing from your a priori knowledge which can allow you to deduce that you are not a brain in a vat...there isnt even anything from a priori knowledge that can deduce that a priori knowledge itself is true.

But why be defeatist? I believe that when we are trying to determine 'truth' it is important to bear in mind our REASON for having truth. Our illusion of experience is still experience, and since our priorities are arbitrary, it makes no difference that it is an illusion. Consider, for example, the game of poker. The normal model for strategy in poker involves assuming that the cards are random...but we know in fact this is false...if we had some technology or ability to look at the cards while they are being shuffled and keep track of what each one is, then it would be better to use that model...we know what the cards are we do not need to involve any probability. But since we do not have that capability, that model is not useful to us. Useless knowledge is false.

It is not enough to figure out that the universe is deterministic. We then must answer the question of whether we will ever be able to calculate our own future choices. If so, then of course free will becomes an absurd concept. If it is impossible, then all the implications of determinism become identical to being false...the effect is exactly the same as if it was false, regardless of our 'priorities'. The false reality we have is nevertheless the only reality we have.

Calculating our own choices is, indeed, impossible. It requires the knowledge of the state of every particle that makes up 'us'...but knowledge requires particles. So you have to fit greater information into less information. That is impossible.
I like your approach - in fact it's pretty much the same as mine. I just think you're not going far enough. If we start to analyze specific moral choices, we will find that not only "us" includes a big chunk of the world, but also that the boundaries of this chunk are not well-defined and highly dependent on what kind of moral choice we're examining. We are nebulous creatures, which means arguing about our nature and behavior with full analytic strictness is rarely possible. But that doesn't mean we must not argue!

Also, it follows from this position that free will is basically an illusion - because when we choose, we are fully confident that it is this magical "us" making the choice and not some past history and structure (whether we agree or not that this history and structure are part of "us" or not). If we didn't _think_ that we are making our choices, there would be nothing to argue about, and the very term "free will" would probably not have existed. And again, while it is illusion, it doesn't follow that it's useless or meaningless. We just need to get used to dealing usefully with things that seem contradictory, vague, or even wrong.
Compatibilism and incompatibilism are compatible. It's just that they define free will differently; so you can believe both and not contradict yourself.
How do I filter subreddits from appearing when i browse /r/all?
To me, "moral responsibility" should always simply be the indication put forward by the tendencies of an individual as to the consequences that are likely to result from how we decide to act or not act on that person. A person should only be "morally responsible" if them undertaking the consequences we assign to that "moral responsibility" would result in greater overall happiness and lower overall suffering. And I think that the massive success of the Scandinavian justice systems are enough evidence to suggest that such demands ought to be incredibly small relative to what we are used to demanding for redemption in The United States.
I would argue that while under determinism you can have the internal experience of "making a choice," but given the fact that the outcome was never in question, no choice was actually made.  I guess the point of differentiation comes down to whether you believe in a platonic ideal of choice, or you define choice as the neurological process beings engage in that leads to action in circumstances where multiple responses are physically possible.  My objection to the second definition is that it makes free will tautological.
What would you call the view that determinism is true, but we operate as if it wasn't in order to structure our society?
The way I understand It there is input->process->output if the brain is something it is the one which processes. Assuming that we are the brain of course, the causation of the output (thoughts,actions etc.) can only be a result of inputs, or the process itself. Since we don't have a way to control inputs (ie. vision etc.) we can potentially only control the processes o the brain, but that means that since we control the process we don't live in a deterministic universe. If we are the brain, then we are the process, however, that doesn't mean that we can control the output because the process is bound in a deterministic world. Saying that since we are the brain and the brain creates an output, we have a free will, is like saying since my PC is my hard ware, and the hardware creates the output, my PC has free will. Unless I don't understand something? 
There a primary category I think that was missed. I'd say it's more common for compatiabalist to believe things are deterministic and free will is an illusion buried underneath the complexities of the real world.

So apparent freewill not true free will. Some use the word illusion, others don't even want that string of an association with libertarian free will.
But if the "choice" is determined then it's not a choice.
No part of the entire reality is outside of a deterministic set of events. 
Despite whatever definition we give the word choice, the fact is that no part of the system is "free" to act in any manner other than what it is predetermined to do, even if the outcome is too complex to predict, it was determined by everything before it. 
Either we are just like computers- that is, we consist of a bundle of algorithms according to which we function... this could be a simulation, we could be living within a computer. But then you may say we have thoughts, emotions... the question is: where do thoughts arise from and do we possess any level of control over the thoughts we think? Let's  assume we are computers capable of FEELING - perhaps, we have been programmed with certain of emotions - external stimuli followed by an emotional reaction? We can't disprove free will, but it is probable that in the most primal states associated with the amygdala's 'fight or flight', we are slaves to instinct. It's very very complicated...where do thoughts arise from? The subconscious? And the subconscious consists of past experiences, past traumas, ingrained beliefs? I like to think that we do have free will in that we are aware of all these complications and thoughts... I think our evolved self-awareness has introduced a level of free- will... awareness being the thought behind the thought behind the thought... we have become aware of our own awareness, and aware of the likelihood of of deterministic simulation, or no simulation, or a simulation in which we have free will.... WHOOO KNOWS !?!? 
Still to be convinced. Not heard a sound response in favour of free will, funnily enough - after hearing about it from Sam Harris. 
How do you argue for choices in a deterministic universe? The premise of a deterministic universe dictates our choice as our entire genetic background as well as experience is assumed to be determined.
The whole question of free will feels nonsensical to me, although I cannot pinpoint why exactly. I think it can safely be said that humans do not really understand what we are as beings - or at least we only have a partial understanding of what we are. I think the idea of free will as well as the idea of no free will are the result of an imperfect understanding about what we are. Asking this question - is there free will? - is like trying to see seeing or touch touching. And perhaps this is why this question is still not satisfactorily answered. 

If the earth is flat, then why does the horizon curve? We would not seek to reconcile the apparent curvature of the horizon with a flat earth theory. In fact, we simply do not understand that the earth is  spherical! Once we do, then the whole question - why does the flat earth's horizon curve? - is revealed as somewhat nonsensical. 

:)
The sixth part assumes a separate permanent self, which is libertarianism. There is also a problem where you talk about the present self as taking decisions based on the past self as if they are two different things, but in the next moment argue that because they are both the same things, then the self is making itself take decisions. OK, so the past self had dreams and plans, but that past self is no longer you. 

Anyway, even if we accept this permanent self,  I don't think anyone doubted that the self was a part of the decision making process. The present self is already doing that. The question is instead whether that self is created from something earlier and outside factors also participate in affecting the decision making process. I would say yes on both accounts.

As a Co plate aside, not exactly a part of the argument, just thinking out loud: I'm not even sure what self in the present moment we are talking about, though. Does it include the part of the brain that interprets the signals from the eyes? How about the eyes? How about the glasses? How about your teacher who taught you to read? How about the text you're reading? But what if you wrote that text? Where is the line drawn? I'm not sure where this assumption that there is a self comes from, in terms of a solid entity.
Great piece of work. Given your stipulated definition, I found it a well rounded series of convincing points and premises.

I would say, without that stipulated definition, it may have gone in a very different direction if you were aiming to defend these premises in a broader sense of including choice as being able to coincide with causal determinism.

I'd be interested in a follow up of your ideas one day, taken simply the "antecedent events and conditions" and "laws of nature" as explanations of causal determinism, if you could come to a similar conclusion. The exclusion of morality, which is not included in that definition.
This is more a problem of language than of anything else.  And, as such, it isn't that interesting or important.
Everyone is free to respond to stimuli, right? 

Even if the human brain is just a grossly complex logic machine, there are still variations between individuals. Although people may have similar reactions to same circumstances, the mental processes are snowflake unique (I'm not going to argue this on the molecular level i.e. the chemical signals used - rather the orientation of cells and the pathways they use). 

Free will might just be chalked up to slight differences in brain chemistry and composition.

Thus, I feel that free will is simply an obscure separation, still dictated by the way your brain is constructed. Part of the consciousness might be determined by free willed thoughts (chose in reaction to stimuli), but the composition of the brain is predetermined by genetics (hardware vs software - brain structure vs memories/experiences/thought process).

I still see free will as a large grey area. What might seem like a choice could still be influenced by more primitive brain activity - activity linked to vestigial genetics and instinct. This begs the question, do animals with sub-human intelligence have free will?

EDIT: Spelling
I like the idea of trying to prove a tautology false.

By saying that "moral responsibility" is sufficient for "free will" you have to presupposes moral responsibility.

If determinism, no moral responsibility, ergo moral responsibility, ergo free will?

>So: we are, given determinism, the sum total of all these prior causes, and therefore they do not force us to choose (because they are us), and therefore we are responsible for our actions... and therefore we do have free will.

You literally just presuppose a lack of forced choice. 

You have to prove there is a choice, at all.  Determinism presupposes no-choice, so you are literally just offering a paradox as proof, where as, in any other logical proceeding, a contradiction is offered as disproof.

Determinism directly states you do not have a choice.

>Determinism is the philosophical idea that every event or state of affairs, including every human decision and action, is the inevitable and necessary consequence of antecedent states of affairs.

In a deterministic world, any action is predicated on everything prior to it, and, by definition, is "inevitable and necessary"

If my decision is both inevitable (meaning that it must happen, P(1), certain, ergo not a choice), and necessary (required by the laws which would enforce determinism), then it is in no way a choice, just a chain in a series of reactions.

If the same setup results in the same outcomes, every time, that's deterministic.  Otherwise, it's nondeterministic.

It is literally tautological to say that determinism is mutually exclusive to free will, because you cannot begin to suggest that any decision was ever made.

Determinism and moral responsibility are in direct contradiction, because there's no moral responsibility if you had no choice.

And the real beauty of it is that it makes no difference.  Deterministic or not, free will or not, nothing changes.  If you behave contrary to moral code because it is free will, you will be selected out as antithetical to the system.  If you behave contrary to moral code because there is no free will, you will be selected out as antithetical to the system.

The only difference is whether or not you actually are making choices actively, or if they were made for you.  "Choice" is made, either way.
Ah compatibalism. The good old, let's redefine this term in a way that fits our model trick.

All good and well, but let's be clear that the broad public colloquial notion of free will is in fact, not the popular philosophical compatibalist notion, but the libertarian version, and indeed, compatibalist free will is quite incompatible with it, and rather more like the determinist view where things are relabeled for... emotional convenience.

It's a bit like feminism. Sure, it's actually a movement about equality of people, or at least that's what many advocating for it would like to define it as... but if you were ignorant of the current politics of the movement you'd be forgiven for thinking it's a movement about female empowerment to the exclusion of other groups. Indeed, many (both inside and outside of the group) do labour under that assumption - no doubt in no small part due to the name!

At some point, the labels are misleading and not so useful!

In this case... compatibalist free will might be better refactored as something like 'the ability of an enclosed system (or the self as defined by the material/bodily components of a person) to act relatively independently of the external system'. Not particularly catchy, but a more accurate characterization of what's been described, relative to the popular conception of free will. Maybe we could reduce that mouthful down to something like 'relative system (or individual) independence'.

i.e. That at any point in time an individual system has relatively more ability to exert control over their own behaviour than external systems, (even if there is ultimately significant influence from the external system nto the internal system and vice versa).
everything is buddha nature.

what is determinism?

mu. like you said, there is no self separate from the rest of buddha nature.
Sam Harris is about as much of a philosopher as my left arse cheek.
I'm not a determinist, let alone a hard determinist, but I disagree with you. I define free will as the ability of conscious agents to act free of the control of non-conscious things. I define the self as the consciousness of a being.

You define the self as all the things of which an organism is composed and by which it is affected. You define free will as the self's actions being able to be caused only by that of which the self is constituted, namely, that of which it it is composed and by which it is affected.

First of all, in your post you seemed to posit first that free will is defined by the aforementioned definition I said you asserted. You seemed to posit this when you wrote that the "you" (the self) is constituted of the environmental factors by which one is affected and the neurons of which one is composed, and that one has free will as long as these factors are what controls one's choices. Take note that one's environment is an outside force by which one is affected. By your argument, then, a choice that is chosen by one's free will can be determined by an outside force. 

Then you posited that free will cannot be determined by an outside force; you gave an example of this when you discussed the probe in the brain.

This is a contradiction in your argument, unless you assert that some outside (non-neurological) forces are part of what constitutes the self, and others are not. This thesis you would direly need to defend.

Second of all, I disagree with you in virtue of our different definitions. These of course are open to discussion.
[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7876 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F)
"But this seems to be a quintessentially libertarian view of the self, in that it must propose a "self" separate from causation. Since we are assuming determinism is true, this won't work."

This is where your entire argument falls apart. "This won't work"=/= the deterministic view of the self is correct. Rather it is possible that the libertarian view of the self is correct, but there is no "you". In that case, determinism becomes incompatible with free will, since it removes the possibility of the existence of person. This is the view to which I ascribe.
Yes, this more or less to me seems like a very elegant way of putting the compatibalist standpoint, which I have always agreed with.  Well done.
[removed]
Lame. A semantic solution to a perennial problem. Just defining yourself as the total causal nexus doesn't solve anything, and it doesn't determine whether "you" have free will (which is, basically, that the entire causal nexus has free will - a bizarre conclusion).

As I said in a [comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/4w3ud7/the_weird_moralsocial_undertones_of_free_will_vs/d641ps0) on a previous thread of this subject, the whole idea of a "you" in a deterministic framework is nonsense. If the causal determinism is true, then "you" are just a bundle of causes. It makes no sense to ask whether a bundle of causes is free or not - it's just a series of events. To ask if free will exists is to suppose it exists *for specific Persons or agents* - but to demarcate Persons and agents in a deterministic world is impossible. Only the libertarian perspective can support the notion of individual egos, which is why the libertarian perspective is implausible. There are no egos in a deterministic world, so there's no need to even raise the question of free will at all.
Yay the weekly 'free will discussion' is here. Fuck sake grow up, there is no such thing as magic will. You are a bunch of atoms vibrating, that's all, that's it. What you perceive to be 'free will' is simply the universe unfolding according to its laws of physics. Why is this so hard to swallow?
We have free will because what makes *us* stems from the quantum level.  Quantum physics tells us that anything subatomic is more *probabilistic* in nature.  It is your free will that collapses the probability into reality.
>If a growth in your brain--which you have no control over--causes you to have impulses that you also have no control over--do you act freely if you act on those urges?

Virtually everyone answers no to this question, compatibilist and incompatibilist alike. It's wildly false to act like compatibilists are committed to answering yes to this question, or like the dispute between compatibilism and incompatibilism turns on the answer to this question.
Great video. Thanks for posting. Churchland's view is very appealing and sensible - that we're free to the extent that we're in control. 

What I'm not sure about is how determinism is conflated with fatalism in the previous video. That seems a bit, mmmfff. I'm pretty sure that physics has given the lie to Laplace's demon, the concept that one could absolutely know the future by knowing all the present physical facts. 
Dr. Hoffman was the lecturer for my very first psych course at UC Irvine when I was an undergrad there.

I'm now working on my Ph.D. in Cognitive science, because this dude got me totally stoked about the topic when he taught it!
That video is far to short to understand what he is talking about. He has a longer talk titled [Consciousness and The Interface Theory of Perception](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqDP34a-epI) that goes a bit into the math.

As for the theory itself, I don't really get it. When he starts removing the World out of it's model and replaced it with another conscious agent he loses all connections with what we intuitively would call a conscious agent in reality. That might be fine as far as the math is concerned, but the math is only useful when it describes what is actually happening in the world.
This is fucking bananas!
Wonderful summary of Kant, and where he went wrong. I've rarely heard Kant's metaphysical work articulated so well. 
His book on Wittgenstein is incredible. 
I like that he ends by implying that mathematics is not profound. As someone who's studied math for over a decade now I quite agree. Just like Wittgenstein I believe it's a game we play, with rules we too made up.
Thanks for this 
Great lecture. He had me right up until the last sentence, though: the thing about if God were real and dogs having four legs. That seemed to come from way out in left field. Can anyone explain that a little?
This was an amazing lecture.  Thanks for sharing. 
That was really enjoyable and clear, thanks.
[removed]
I'm not a mathematician or a philosopher, but this seems groundbreaking.
Whether or not the world you imagine as the "real, non-simulated reality" is accurate to what the non-simulated reality actually is has very little to do with anything, in my opinion.  

The truth statements made here are very poor in that they aren't adequately analogous to the simulation hypothesis being presented.

Just because the mars alien wouldn't have the information to realize that his splatter looks like what we call a tree, doesn't mean that the mars alien couldn't imagine that the splat looks like something he's never played witness to.  

As such, just because we've never seen what a non-simulated reality outside our own actually looks like, doesn't mean we can't imagine that it's quite different than anything we know.  We can't place the details, but we can place the concept.

Taking the side of his argument is like being prisoner inside of a complex that you don't know the layout off (you're stuck in your windowless room).  It's saying that because you don't have any understanding of the complex you're in (or the country that houses it) that you couldn't be inside of a prison complex.  Any visualization you made of the complex would be false, and therefore the greater idea must be false.  This isn't how truth statements work... this isn't how any of this works.
Couldn't we invert the argument? 

If I'm a brain hooked up to a computer, and I say "I'm *not* a brain hooked up to a computer", then we could still say that the words brain and computer do not refer to real things, so the statement is false, and I *am* a brain hooked up to a computer. Right?
Logically impossible to prove does not mean logically possible to disprove. All that we can say is that there is the real possibility that this is simulation, but also as real a possibility that it is not. 

The argument seems so stem from the idea that a simulation of an environment can not be proven to always be equal to the environment it is attempting to simulate. This "simulation" is first given as artwork of a tree, or shadows of a chair in the cave, etc. 

Nice talking points, but all it does is cast doubt on the provability for either scenario.
I give credit to the creator for trying, but this is just one argument that's easily countered. The truth is we just don't know and probably can't know.
This argument is examining a Matrix like situation where we have a physical conscious brain in the real world that is being fed a simulated reality by a computer.

I think the more mind boggling situation would be that we have no physical embodiment in the real world--the entire universe is a simulation and we are a product of that simulation (ie we evolved in that simulation). 

Since simulation as a concept is fairly universal (it doesn't matter what technology you use or even if the laws/attributes in your simulation are similar, the idea of simulating an event through computation is abstract enough to inherently be the same) I don't think this argument would in any way disprove it. 

For example, if thousands (millions?) of years from now we had enough computational power and advanced enough software to simulate a universe with slightly iterative properties--and in that simulation an intelligent conscious species evolved (whether that is possible of course is whole other can of worms), to this species the idea of simulation would be the same as ours though their technology and technique may be completely different than ours.
It is possible if it has in itself implications, flaws or meta infos about itself stored and accessible for us. But there isn't a gurantee that this is the case. A perfect simulation would be impossible to distinguish from reality, this is more or less the reason we can use math to build and predict stuff, because calculating the outcome and structure of something is identical to building it and trying it out as long as our assumptions hold.
The martian tree argument seems extremely weak.

The humans perception of a tree is based on his various senses of it.  If someone who'd never seen a tree had all of his senses perfectly simulated, in what sense would he be disconnected from the real tree?

In other words, the martian tree argument makes sense because the martian only sees a poor quality painting of a tree.  But in the matrix we'd see a perfect quality 3 dimensional imagine along with the associated smells and textures.  The sound of the leaves rustling, etc.


this has nothing to do with simulation theory.  i don't know where he gets the whole "I am a brain hooked up to a computer" argument, but that really doesn't address the gnostic demiurge (descartes' dieu trompeur) or the concept of our world being a post-human simulation construct.
The entire premise of the argument presented in the video is that we must have observational experience to have knowledge.  Isn't this false on its face?  Aren't there whole fields of mathematics which claim to derive knowledge from concepts which cannot be observed?  How can it be that knowledge of a thing requires a first hand observation of that thing?
The argument that we cannot perceive an actual representation of an object without seeing an object with our own eyes is preposterous. We in fact do not see anything how it actually is but only as it is represented by the signals that our eyes send to our brain. This signal can be interfered with such as hallucinations but even a "clear" image of something is still just the way our brain interprets signals from the eyes. If a computer sends the exact same image to our brain of a tree that our eyes would see on their own, then there is absolutely no difference between the images at all except what method (eyeballs or computer) are sending the image signals to the brain. They are both as real or artificial as each other depending on how you define it. 

It's similar and as ridiculous as the theory that ancient people literally could not see approaching ships on the ocean because they had never seen them before. The theory is that their minds just didn't compute the visual information because it could not understand it so the ships were literally invisible to them. I just can't accept that. If that theory were true, then people wouldn't perceive things all the time everyday that other people could plainly see. That new car you've never seen before? Invisible. That alien spaceship on TV? Invisible. It doesn't make sense at all and I fear I'm missing something and just don't understand the concept because people of notoriety seem to hold these theories in high regard.﻿

The same logic can be used to prove or disprove there is a "God". Maybe even this God made a matrix?
http://youtu.be/VqULEE7eY8M

Is a long version but my favorite 
Philosophy never ceases to amaze me with the bullshit it will upvote.
The argument that - if you have not seen a tree so you can never relate what a sumulated tree is is one of the prime points of this argument. Then remember that the matrix has been running for generations. That means even if you havent seen a tree because you are a second generation but the people before you, people who have seen a real tree and a simulated one established that this is what a tree should look like therefore you will accept that fact. Our minds also function by reinforcement of facts and that is how we learn and associate. 
The part I dont get is how this is relevant for anything
All I could hear from the first second was this guys mouth sticking together [like Marco Rubio](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9uI_kIP3Ys) HAVE A FUCKING DRINK!
Forgive me if I'm wrong, but isn't the purpose of Plato's cave allegory and the Matrix that we're already living in a simulation? That our brain/processor is simulating the world as we see it.

That when we see a tree, the reflection/light that's within the spectrum we can percieve hits our eyes and our brain makes a simulation of the tree, but we don't actually see the real thing, the atoms in their *true* form.

Tesla once said “If you want to find the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency and vibration.” Basically that everything material is energy vibrating to give its state(solid, liquid, gas), at a frequency we can or can not percieve(within the light or sound spectrum). This is probably a bit off, so if you can explain this better, please feel free, I want to learn more.




[removed]
I think it would be more correct to say that it's metaphysically impossible that we are living in the matrix. Also, see this awesome rebuttal by Dave Chalmers: http://consc.net/papers/matrix.html
The basis of the arguement in the Video is that we share zero experience with a possible outside-world. This is an unproven assumption. All right, If there are no such things as simulations itself in that possibly very different outside-world, we can't be in such a Simulation. Makes sense. But it's a bold assumption, at least as bold as the opposite. The only parallel we had to assume to have with that outside-world would be that the concept of Simulation itself exists there, while on the other Hand - in order to exclude the possibility of an outsideWorld - you had indeed to imagine a world that is very different in its fundamentals, possibly unimaginable to us. 
this argument only works if you are outside the matrix though..
This appears to be back to front. 

It's may be perfectly logically possible to prove that we are in a simulation if we are indeed inside one. 

It probably is impossible to prove that we are not in a simulation if we indeed are not. 

There are certain interesting physics experiments which have been proposed which would have certain results if we were indeed inside certain types of simulation. 

Computation after all isn't limited to a certain set of dimensions or physical laws. 

If those come up with nothing then we may still be in a different type of simulation but if they panned out then we could continue to trace out the details of the implementation of the simulation (until we find a buffer overflow vulnerability and hack our way out :D). 
The video implies that a person in the matrix would only ever receive electrical stimulation and thus "tree" could only refer to electrical stimulation. But how is that any different from now. My Brain right now only understands "tree" to refer to electrical stimulation coming from my senses. That is why the simulation argument is potentially compelling in the first place, that from the point of view of our brains, if we take out our ears and replace them with microphones which send electrical signals to our brains, our brains cannot tell the difference (that is why cochlear implants work). The fact that there is no difference between seeing/hearing a real object and receiving electrical impulses from a mechanical sensor or ever receiving electrical impulses from a machine capable of generating appropriate signals without sensors is what makes the idea of a simulated reality compelling. However, this argument seeks to assert that this is false, even though we already know this to be true. 
-Russells flying tea pot applies really well to the simulation argument as well not just religious beliefs... the people who think the  simulation concept like to use the "prove me wrong" stance instead of trying to prove it right....  The Burden of proof lies with the ones making the claim.
Someone fires electric signals into my brain letting me know this is a tree --> I don't really know what a tree is.

My eyes fire electric signals into my brain letting me know this is a tree --> I do know what a tree is.

Does the video maker not know how eyes work, or is our eyes somehow better than the signals from the matrix? 

I don't know the first thing about philosophy, but this stood out to me as a rather obvious wrong conclusion from the video maker.
>There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. 

>There is another which states that this has already happened.

2:0
As someone who has never read Putnam or really even paid attention to this video or really read any philosophy that wasn't written by Sam Harris let me just say this argument is total garbage.
Is it just me, or does Putnam and most of this thread entirely miss the actual point of the evil demon/brain in a vat/matrix thought experiment?
So, to summarize:
1. If we exist in a virtual reality, then we do not have language to describe objects/events in the external world.
2. If we do not have language to describe objects/events in the external world, then statement we make about being within a virtual reality is false.
3. If any statement we make about being in a virtual reality is false, we must not be in a virtual reality. 


This entire argument hinges on the inability to have language to describe external events. Ironically enough, the verbalization of the argument requires language that does just that. By making any statement about virtual vs. external realities, we are invalidating this very argument. 

I tend to stick to the concept that what you perceive is your reality, it doesn't matter if it's a simulation or not, witnessing and experiencing what's around you is just as real as"real" reality. Consider individuals with severe mental disability, their perception of reality might be wildly different from those without the mental impediment but does that make their reality less real to them, no it doesn't.
I'm hoping one day, we will find the easter egg that the simulation programmers added for us to discover.
[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2123 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/69870)
The last time I linked this video, I put a misleading title that confused many viewers. This title is more true to the contents of the actual video. Keep in mind that the idea presented here is Hilary Putnam's- some of his arguments are supposed to be occasionally 'iffy', and confusing at times. I discovered that there are additional links in the description that should present nice counterarguments. 
If we don't actually know what a brain or a computer is we could still be a brain connected to a computer and not know it, so why does he come to his conclusions? 
###Regarding Failure to Refer, Nonsense, and Falsity

One of the portions of the argument (as presented, anyways) seems to me odd.  The video's summary of Putnam's argument appears to argue the following:

1. Attempting to refer to anything as-of-yet unexperienced will be a failed reference.
1. A failed reference is nonsense (in the literal sense of not having any meaning)
1. If a proposition contains a failed reference, the entire proposition is rendered nonsense.
1. If a proposition is rendered nonsense, it is rendered *false*.
1. If an entity has never experienced anything outside the Matrix, then any attempt by that entity to refer to anything outside the Matrix will be a failed reference.
1. The attempted proposition "I am a brain hooked up to a computer" attempts to refer to things outside the Matrix, *viz.* "brain" and "computer"
1. Ergo, The attempted proposition "I am a brain hooked up to a computer" fails to refer to things outside the Matrix for an entity that has never experienced anything outside the Matrix.
1. Ergo, The attempted proposition "I am a brain hooked up to a computer" is nonsense for an entity that has never experienced anything outside the Matrix.
1. Ergo, The attempted proposition "I am a brain hooked up to a computer" is *false* for an entity that has never experienced anything outside the Matrix.

The condition that links *nonsense* to *falsity* seems suspect to me.  Is not an attempted proposition with portions that fail to refer simply not a proposition?

Unlike the video, though, I believe Putnam indicates that, since they have no experiences of things outside the Matrix, when lifelong residents of the Matrix attempt to refer to "computers" or "brains," they rely on their experiences of [Matrix]computers (i.e. one's in-Matrix experience of computers as generated by the Matrix) and [Matrix]brains (i.e. one's in-Matrix experience of brains as generated by the Matrix) rather than [real]computers (i.e. one's out-of-Matrix experience of actual computers) and [real]brains (i.e. one's out-of-Matrix experience of actual brains).  Their experiences thus render the utterance "I am a brain hooked up to a computer" as being about [Matrix]computers and [Matrix]brains, and this of course is false for lifelong residents of the Matrix equally as much as "I am a brain hooked up to a computer" is false for those whose [real]brains aren't hooked up to [real]computers.  If I am a lifelong resident of the Matrix (and thus only have experiences of [Matrix]computers and [Matrix]brains), then "I am a brain hooked up to a computer" can only refer to [Matrix]computers and [Matrix]brains and thus my utterance is trivially false.  If I have experiences of [real]computers and [real]brains, then "I am a brain hooked up to a computer" is trivially false.  The utterance "I am a brain hooked up to a computer" is thus false no matter who says it.

---

###Regarding Attempts to "Linguistically Escape" the Matrix

Regardless of what you feel about attempted propositions that fail to refer being false propositions or not, let us try to find a way to help us determine whether we are indeed in the Matrix.

It does seem intuitive that, if we have not experienced something, then we can not refer to it.  But are there things that can be experienced both inside and outside the Matrix?  I like to think that there are and that these things include abstract concepts such as "analogy" and "sets" and pretty much any concept from the various logics and maths.  A lifelong resident of the Matrix may not be able to successfully refer when he supposes that one [real]computer and one [real]computer make two [real]computers (at best, such a statement would only refer to [Matrix]computers despite attempting to target [real]computers), but can not a lifelong resident of the Matrix say that one and one make two just as readily as someone outside the Matrix?  What about analogy?

Suppose a lifelong resident of the Matrix, perhaps a mad computer scientist, codes up a meta-Matrix and hooks up an entity to this meta-Matrix so that, when the entity begins experiencing things for the first time, its experiences will be within this meta-Matrix.  Now let us suppose our lifelong resident of the Matrix utters the following string:

> I am in a situation analogous to the situation in which my captive is.

Of course, were he instead to utter "I am a brain hooked up to a computer," he either speaks nonsense or a falsity since "brain" and "computer" as he utters it can't refer to [real]brain and [real]computers.  But what of the string we actually supposed he uttered?  It appears to me that analogies in the Matrix are no different than analogies in reality, that the concept of situations is no different in the Matrix than in reality, and he does successfully refer to his captive as opposed to some captive outside the Matrix to which he can't refer.  Is what we supposed he uttered a proposition, and if it is, is it one that can possibly evaluate to true rather than always evaluate to false or nonsense?

---

###Regarding A Fun Curiosity After Escape/Capture

For the simplicity of his argument, Putnam supposes that the residents of the Matrix have *never* had experiences of real things.  What happens when a lifelong resident of the Matrix successfully escapes, as Neo did?  It appears to me that any proposition about concrete things will be wrong the first few times since, up until that point, he has only had experiences of things inside the Matrix.  It seems to me I could follow him around and blurt out "Ha, you're wrong!" like an asshole anytime he says something like "That chair is made of metal" since, only having prior had experiences with [Matrix]chairs and [Matrix]metal, his utterance would mistakenly refer to [Matrix]chairs and [Matrix]metal despite that he's in the real world experiencing for the first time [real]chairs and [real]metal.

Now let us further suppose that he continues his utterances and I continue being an asshole blurting out how wrong he is.  At what point will his utterance "That chair is made of metal" finally refer to [real]chairs and [real]metal instead of [Matrix]chairs and [Matrix]metal?
What do you think would happen if our "operators" spilled coffee on our simulation? maybe that's what happened to the dinosaurs 
This video has absolutely nothing to do with The Elon Musk / Bostrom simulation theory. 

Their conjecture is that humans lived through the time periods that we perceive as our past up to this moment, and will continue to perceive as the future. The base reality (the actual now in the future that is conducting the simulation that we perceive as currently 2016) has all the stores knowledge of what life was like in the PST through whenever that base time is in the future. 

They took that knowledge and created a simulation, just like the Sims video game. Much like those characters in the Sims (if the were sentient beings) would believe they were in reality (and even question reality at times... Remember when they look through the monitor at you?) we too believe that we are in both real and real time, when we are simply a simulation in a wayyyyy future video game simulation with amazingly high powered computers and massively complex AI. 

The fundamental difference between this postulation and the one in the video is that this idea is absolutely plausible. We create simulations all the time. Imagine what these will look like millennia in the future with all the insane technologies that will be developed.... It's like IBM's Watson commercial on steroids. Everything from societies memories and databases are programmed into simulations (us) and left to run and recreate their past. Then imagine these simulations taking place on. The X boxes of the future in the trillions of homes of our future inhabitants. Of all the crazy philosophies out there, this by far and away makes the most sense, as it's a played out extension of what we are currently doing against reasonable expectations of what future technologies will hold. 
What a weak argument, it never justifies why the concept of something in the mind of a person who has never "really" experienced that something is different from the concept that a person that has actually experienced that something has in his mind.  
The answer it that it simply isn't, we get inputs from our nerves and that's it, they don't have any added value that confirms **their** reality, whether I'm mad and I'm imagining a whole lot of people connected to the internet that I'm writing this too, or they exist, or we're actually hooked up to a machine or we're just simulations inside of a machine hasn't any implications on the quality of the concept in my mind.

To find out whether we actually do live in a simulation, we should do what we usually do when studying a black box: trying to find a situation when it doesn't work as it's supposed to, and try to understand its inner workings. Maybe one day we'll find that at a certain scale the universe lags, its computing power can't cope up with a prying eye that asks for too much detail, and we'll have our answers. For example, we know there's a limit to the amount of information that a certain volume in space-time can hold...that could be an actual viable direction of inquiry.
How to define simulation? Who's simulation? Does it have to have been started by sentience? Otherwise you could ~~arise~~ argue that the universe itself basically is a simulation. A simulation also doesn't mean it has to try and approach something that already exists. It can be completely unique. 
Debunked. I can recognize simulated trees in WoW. Because my brain recognizes it's a tree based on previous information. The brain in the base reality could have certain knowledge of what is being simulated in front of it in its ancestor simulation it's undergoing. This philosophy person is relying heavily on his initial Mars assumption which is essentially begging the question. 

Therefore if his Mars assumption is wrong, the rest of it is wrong. 
People don't actually believe we might be living in a simulation do they? I'd like to give humanity enough credit that people THAT dumb don't exist
Isn't the unknowable ever lovely and tempting?
This video doesn't make sense to me, and maybe that's because I'm not understanding it correctly.

Doesn't this discredit the idea of creativity? And the idea of envisioning something that doesn't exist? As humans, who create fictional universes all the time, we very much envision things we have no basis for. JRRT had to envision an Orc, before writing it. Orcs don't actually exist, so according to this video, JRRT couldn't have thought of it. But he did.

His argument is basically saying that because you're in a locked room, in a building, that the building can't exist. But the building does exist...you're just locked in a single room.
To add- everything we learn comes in through our senses. And our senses can be fooled. 
[deleted]
Nice try, evil demon!
Simple. The simulation doesn't allow that sort of thinking.
Elon musk was just playing around talking mess, and all you bitches want to claim its real. Get a life
Presenter states the following,

1. A martian that sees an image of a tree cannot fully comprehend what the tree is, as an object
2. Therefore, he can't have an understanding of what the tree is
3. Humans cannot see outside the simulation space
4. Therefore, humans are not living in a simulation space

Am I right? Then how is this not also true

5. Therefore, the martian deduces that trees cannot exist

And any other number of pretty inane statements that fall out of the presenter's assertion.
I think, therefore I am. 
Can we be finished with making videos about this topic?
Sounds like similar logic to what I read somewhere about the bacteria living in our stomach.  If it's lived in our stomach it's whole life, never having lived outside of our stomach, then how could it possibly conceived of a star like our sun, a galaxy or anything like that.

But it's a bacteria and we assume that they don't have the capacity for logic and imagination like humans do.  So the idea seems to fall apart.

And just because a martian conceives of some splatter of ink differently than the real world object that we know as a tree, doesn't mean the martian is wrong.  He's imagining a real object even if he's doing so imprecisely from our standards.  It doesn't negate the tree in our world in any way.
Anyone defined "real" yet? 
Not to short-circuit this thought experiment, but to me, a major reason why we can't prove if we're living in a simulation is because the first thing any idiot would do if programming such a thing would be to disallow information that demonstrates you're living in a simulation.
Lol he said logic
What if I get hit by a truck, saw my body mangled beyond survivability, and then all I could perceive is a black screen flashing the words:

GAME OVER!

(Buy more credits here)

While not definitive, I'd say that would be pretty good evidence I'd been living inside a simulation. 
Horrible video. The guy literally tried to make the point of we are not a simulation because we have never experienced anything outside of what we experience as reality, therefore we must be in reality. Or it's simulation reality and we would never know. Seriously, not one valid point in this video.
Seems like circular logic to me. He uses an argument at one point that implies it's impossible as a thought experiment and then uses that thought experiment to prove its impossible. Not even remotely convinced.
I think the youtuber has misunderstood the argument he is presenting.

Rather than an argument that we are not in the matrix, it seems to instead be an argument that if we are in the matrix then we have no capacity to determine that fact, as we lack the context to make any statements whatsoever about what might exist outside of our perception. The idea that we must not be brains in a jar because a brain in a jar lacks the context to understand such a situation is nonsensical.

Further, the youtuber is absolutely incorrect in saying that we are safe in assuming we do not live in the matrix regardless of this argumentation. I believe the argument goes that if simulation of a system larger than the one it is simulated on is possible then it is inevitable that a universe with human life would be simulated, and the human life in that universe would simulate a universe with human life, on and on to some point where further simulation is not possible. The chances of our living in a non-simulation would be 1/X where X is the number of possible nested simulations.
It is impossible to prove that we are living in a simulation from the inside without any additional input from the outside. It's far form impossible though, that we are living in a simulation.

Moreover, if by simulaiton - e.g. a game - we understand:

* interacting with an expression of information(computer graphics, sound, simulator's movement),

* by using interfaces(gamepad, headphones etc.),

* this interaciton is realistic enough to be emotionally and intelectually consumed by it\*,

* information is ordered energy(computer memory, hdd)



And then if we assume that matter is energy, and:

* interacting with 'matter' is our experience,

* interfaces are our senses,

* it is realistic to a level indistinguishable from reality - whatever the reality is,

* information are laws or physics, chemistry, biology.



It seems that every major religion tries to use this concept in one way or another adding to it information about the creator and purpose.

\*Video game addiction may present itself as compulsive gaming, social isolation, mood swings, diminished imagination, and hyper-focus on in-game achievements, to the exclusion of other events in life [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Video_game_addiction]
This seems wrong to me. The core argument seems to be that one cannot cannot verily refer to something of which one has no direct experience, having only seen it represented. But if that representation is close enough to the real thing then you can refer to it and identify it just fine. I've never met a kangaroo but I could refer to one with something close to the authentic knowledge of someone who has because I've encountereany accurate depictions and representations of a kangaroo.
The title used here is correct, the statements in the video are not.
This video is a bit confusing, it presents an argument that we cannot prove wether or not we are in a simulation, which makes sense, but then it says, therefore we must be not in a simulation which is wrongly implied... 
[For those interested, here's a page discussing the cosmic ray theory that the person in the video mentioned.](http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/are-we-living-in-a-computer-simulation/)


It logically impossible to prove that we aren't living in a simulation
How ever we do live in some form of the matrix. Perhaps not designed or governed by aliens rather by nature of the universe. 
Our perception is a filtered version from the out side universe to our experience. It is not the actual experience. We are only privy to what our brains chemical response insinuates we are experiencing. So basically our interpretive awareness is the glass of the jar.
 It's not possible for me to see what color you observe and call red versus what I observe and call red. They are however born of the same seed to the experience as we both generally agree the dress is "red" so we are running in the same "simulation " yet in separate containers.
Dont worry to much, just enjoy it. Whatever it is... 
Isn't the tree analogy in the video basically what Mouse is saying when describing Tasty Wheat in the first movie?

I also don't really agree with the conclusion drawn at the end (it seems several others don't as well). Just because "brain" and "Matrix" might not represent the exact same thing inside and outside the simulation does not mean similar things do not exist. Trees still exist on Earth even thought the Martian only sees a 2D representation on Mars. 
Am I missing something. This argument doesn't make a lot of sense.

First, it's using a subset to negate a superset. The Martian's mental image of the paint blobs that appear something like a tree isn't the same as the mental image of a tree for humans. Sure. But that doesn't mean it *can't* have the same image as a human does. An example of where it *doesn't* have the same image isn't the same thing as demonstrating it *can't*. 

The Martian is creating an image of paint blobs in a shape. The Martian is fully capable of *imagining* a world like Earth and *imagining* that it has these things on it that are brown, fibrous, take in light and use its energy to grow, etc. It can use its knowledge of laws of physics, the math of evolution, chemistry, biology, and so forth to conceive of everything that exists in the human's mental image of a tree. We do this all the time when we imagine what other worlds might look like. Science fiction is filled with *imagined* things that no human has ever experienced, yet we have a very vivid mental image of what they look like, how they operate, and how they got there. The Martian is fully capable of forming the exact same mental image that a human has of a tree.

The odds of it being 100% accurate are small, but that's an issue of accuracy, and getting better science allows one to get better imagery. For example, we can probably quite accurately imagine the landscape of a planet know it's size, the type of star, distance from the star, and age. We can know how it forms, what percentage of what elements make it up, where they sink to in its formation, how long it takes to cool, what its atmosphere is likely made of, and use light physics to come up with a representation of what it would look like from the surface from the star's light, atmosphere, and rock material. We can do that even never having experienced the planet or a planet with that exact construction.

Furthermore, in what way have humans "experienced" the tree here? It's mostly from our senses and perhaps additionally from our mental imaging of its place in a complex system of life. (Biologists may have a different mental image, for example.) We receive images from our eyes, know what it feels like with our hands, smell it, hear rustling of leaves, etc., and then aggregated over time. There is nothing there that can't be replaced by the same signal sources to the brain coming from a source other than photons into the eyes, pressure waves into the ears (and converted to signal via ear drum), contact forces converted to signals from nerves in the fingers, and so forth.

On top of this, we *can* have illusionary experiences like hallucinations. Many due. I've had the feeling of gravity reversing toward the ceiling but being stuck to my bed. It's lasted a few minutes. I'm cognitively aware it's an illusion, but it still *feels* like that's what happened, so I've experienced things that aren't "real".

The statement around 2:30 just seems completely false: "Since the Martian has never seen a tree throughout its entire life, it can't for appropriate representation of it. To it, the tree that we see might look like a peculiar combination of things that it has seen before." Above I described how we can form "appropriate" representations of things we haven't seen before in "real" life.

It then says, "There is no causal chain from actual trees to the Martian's mental image." Did I miss where that was demonstrated to be necessary. That seems to be a false requirement. What you would need is a *correlation* of the image to a reality, not a direct causal chain. For example, the laws of physics can be the source cause for both. The laws of physics can cause the real tree to exist. The same laws of physics could be understood by the Marian who could then simulate what they could do on a planet closer to the sun, and possibly get it exactly right, getting an *exact* image of the tree that matches a human's. Again, the odds are small on being *that* accurate, but that's a probability issue (not a proof it can't happen), and specific to the chaotic nature of natural selection. If instead of a tree we used an igneous rock that it never experienced, it's mental image could be *very* close to a human's mental image, in principle.

Then at 2:55 it just loses me completely, saying, "Likewise, any mental image that a brain in the Matrix has of a tree *is not a representation of a tree* because it too has never seen an actual tree." Excuse me? A brain in a human body likewise has never seen an actual tree. The only thing it has experienced is the signals from our sensors which can, in principle, be exactly duplicated. In fact, it can be duplicated at the signal level (after the eye) or using virtual reality to send images into the brain.

In fact, the world of VR seems to negate most of what this argument claims. We can experience a lot of things that don't exist at all, anywhere, or things that do exist but were experienced by somebody else, or things that we're predicting based on our knowledge that may be close to what actually does exist that no human has ever experienced.

The same problem exists at 3:00 when it's talking about the word "tree". Let me invert the problem. Imagine you had two brains that are still alive and active. One is from a human being that experienced a tree, the other from a brain that never experienced a real tree, but was given signal stimulation that exactly matched that of the other one -- a simulated tree either via VR or direct nerve signal reproduction. Your task is to figure out which brain actually experienced a tree. Try to imagine a test you could do from the outside. Now, imagine that you could also "jump into" each brain to see what their experiences of trees were like. What test could you use to tell them apart either externally or internally. This whole line of reasoning seems to be based on the false claim that you need to experience a "real" thing to form an "appropriate" image of it, but falls flat in doing so.

The same bad argument seems used at 3:30 with "I am a brain hooked up to a computer". The false argument claims that, "It lacks context with the real world so it has no experience of what a real brain and a real computer could be." What? That makes no logical sense. Of course we can.

Let's take the literal interpretation. We can actually take people and stimulate their brain in such a way as to experience something that isn't real. While sitting in the chair experiencing that illusionary thing, we can consciously make the statement, "I am a brain hooked up to a computer experiencing this non-real event". So the statement "I am a brain hooked up to a computer" can never be proven false because we can actually demonstrate it being true. The idea that a brain hooked up to a computer can't have a true representation of a real brain or a real computer is just false. 

In the case of the movie, The Matrix, the imagery of real brains and real computers came from the experience of real brains and real computers, and the machines simply duplicated that experience via signals to the brain. They simply duplicated the experiences of people in terms of a VR rather than like a video recorder on playback. It simulated all of the signals from senses as *almost* indistinguishable from what real people experienced based on creating the "laws of experience", meaning the conversion of the laws of physics into the signals in the brain. I say *almost* because there were "glitches", which is part of the movie.

But of course the "brain hooked up to a computer" is also metaphorical, meaning in principle we could be simulated beings completely. Absolutely everything about human experience comes down to information processing. Sure, we might not understand it all, including how consciousness arises, but it will *have to* come down to something related to emergent properties of complex information processing because that is the only thing that survives and holds continuity throughout our lifetime. There are essentially no atoms in our body that are the same atoms as when we were years younger, for instance. The only thing that hold "us" together is the continuity of pattern, whether physiological structural patterns or electrochemical patterns. 

When people say "brain hooked up to a computer", it more generally means that we may not be physical bodies in the shapes we imagine, but are patterns of information in some sort of generalized computing device. We don't need to experience *that* computing device as "generalized computing devices" are mathematical and universal, not specific to human experience. As are information, information processing, and patterns.

I just don't find this line of reasoning useful. In fact, it completely invalidates all of its claims when it says at the end "Unless Neo and Morpheus show up to tell us, *it is safe to assume* that we don't live in the Matrix." If all of the arguments are about what is "safe to assume", this has nothing to do with impossibility or proofs; it's a likelihood calculation.

A better approach would have been to start with probability, or even to discuss the idea of equivalence. For example, we *know* our own perceptions (mental images) are not correct representations of matter and energy, even just "solid" vs "discrete atoms relatively far apart" are different concepts, yet most people have the former perception when the latter is "reality". So one could argue that a universe with our laws of physics *is* the same as a simulation, and the difference is essentially only semantics, except when you tie in some other intelligent being running the simulation. And that intelligent being is arguably impossible to prove or disprove, not the simulation part, and simply becomes an unnecessary variable.

I was hoping for something harder to refute.

He assumes that the virtual reality should somehow be like the 'real' one. I disagree. IMO, the point of a virtual reality is (at least to an extent) to be unlike anything we've seen before.

If I put on a HTC Vive or an Occulus Rift and find myself in a completely unfamiliar world, the fact that it's nothing like the things I've experienced before couldn't possibly be proof that I'm not in a virtual reality.

Within the matrix, concepts like 'brain' and 'computer' can easily exist without being a representation of something outside the matrix. There's no need to take these concepts literally. I don't have to look like Keanu Reeves in order to realize that I'm 'plugged into the matrix.'

There's no need for a 'real brain' and a 'real computer' to exist outside the matrix. It's fallacious to assume that we have any idea what 'outside the matrix' looks like.

It's extremely unlikely that we literally live in the matrix as depicted in the movie. It's very likely that [reality is nothing like what we assume it to be](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYp5XuGYqqY).
Or the "person" that made the video is part of the Matrix and is worried that we are becoming too close to figuring the matrix out and is trying to persuade us that it isn't real to cover their own ass
This question is abstractly interesting, but practically useless. Its is essentially, "How do we know what reality is?" And it comes down to how you want to answer this fundamental question. we can only know what is true, or factual from our direct experiences (sometimes), or that we can figure out (sometimes).
The Confuscian "am i a man dreaming im a butterfly or a butterfly dreaming im a man?" is a compelling question, but essentialy, the answer is, theres no way to know.
Because unless the simulation was designed to see how long it is until we find out it is a simulation, why would we even be allowed to developed the concept of a simulation?
 Is this argument predicated on the idea that true reality cannot be 100% faithfuly re-created? Or did I miss the whole point? 
Obviously it's an unknown whether or not we are in a simulation and I sort of lean towards unknowable. But it does seem logical for a species after reaching a level of proficient technology to opt for a simulation based on the sheer EFFICIENCY of it all. You make one MP3 and can share it with everyone. If we were just fed food by robots who farmed and we didn't care about the real reality because - in the artificial one - you get to ride dinosaurs and go to different planets exploring new jungles and waterfalls and damn doesn't it sound fun? Once the graphics and the immersion gets to a super high degree, and then true gamers would want to have their memories sectioned off so they would think its real for super hardcore rushes --- all without endangering your body.

So efficient.
How does he conclude that a statement "I am a brain hooked up to a computer" is false just because such brain doesn't have certainty to claim so? He still might be a brain hooked up to a computer, couldn't he?
It's reducible to the halting problem 
I've thought about this a lot recently and have come to the conclusion that any virtual reality that contains conscious vessels would have to be literally perfect in order to hide this fact from those vessels interminably. And since creating such a complex programme to literal perfection must logically be impossible, then surely it is impossible for our reality to be a simulation in which no one has ever discovered the slightest logical imperfection, or, in layman's terms, 'glitch in the matrix'.
I think you touched on some good stuff here. My thoughts on this is the Simulation Theory is just our generation's version of Pascal's Wager. Rene Descartes demiurge is sometimes used as a defeat of Pascal's Wager, which to very briefly sum that up: Pascal's wager is God's love and heaven are infinite rewards for a life lived by Christian values. Anything times infinity is infinity. Therefore, even if the chance of Christianity existing is .00000000000001%, the rewards are still infinite and the assumption that heaven exists should always be made. The demiurge argument is that what if there's an even smaller chance that there's an all powerful demon who's tricking everyone, and he does have a heaven, too, with infinite rewards, but only those who reject arguments made without evidence. Even if that's way less likely, it's still multiplying infinities.

SO! For our current thought on the simulation theory is that the chances of real 1 to 1 simulations of reality eventually being possible must mean that there are nearly infinite more chances of reality being simulated since there could only be one base reality and infinite layers to a simulated reality or billions of separate simulated realities on the same layer then what are the chances of this being the real reality? I don't quite have my counter argument formulated against this just yet but it's the exact same problem as Pascal's Wager, just with god replaced with science (which seems to be the theme this century). Just need my demiurge...
This is incredibly circular, unless I'm misunderstanding the argument.

Alternatively, assuming this a computationally finite simulation (there is an entropy maximum in the system that simulates our universe, which seems to be true, but we couldn't know without seeing the future beyond the heat death of the universe. If there's still universe as we know it, there is no entropy limit.) then we can calculate more and more digits of irrational values like √2. If we reach an end where more digits cannot be calculated, then we have conclusively proven that the universe is simulated.
I think we first have to fully understand what the matrix is and what its characteristics are. And inly once we understand it something can be proven.

It is like seeing an unknown, that nobody has ever seen, object for the first time. How could one argue this unknown object isnt some disformed car (or anything else) if he doesn t even know/understand what he sees. The comparison can only be made because both objects are known.
We are living in a partial simulation (our perception of reality is modified by Government radar, see Biological radiowaves in CIA MKULTRA project) because we can detect these radiowaves, as well as know about the platforms that deliver them (over the horizon radar, mobile phone towers, satellite etc)
I've seen this kind of discussion before, and while I haven't watched this clip, the one point that got me in previous videos was this: An end to pi.  
  
Theoretically, a simulation would have a limited memory capacity, just like our own computers, which would round infinite non repeating floats once the memory limit has been reached. The theory is that if we were to find an end to pi, it would be confirmation that the universe we live in is simulated.  
  
I see problems with this, but thought it was an interested point to consider.
The reality of the situation is that we will likely never know if we're a brain-in-a-vat, or otherwise. ^^^^pun ^^^^intended   
   
I believe that there are much deeper questions that arise with these simulated reality problems than whether or not this is a simulation.   
   
The simulated reality premise makes us challenge our beliefs on epistemology and our understanding of knowledge, this seems to be something forgotten around here.   
   
nice try, Architect. 
If what this video says is an accurate representation of Putnam's argument, I disagree. Isn't the conclusion of the brain in a vat that we have no accurate conception of reality? If that's the case, then Putnam is using it as a premise in his conclusion that we are not brains in a vat. What the video says to me is that because we cannot conceive reality, we cannot imagine an alternative to the simulation. This doesn't say anything about whether we really do live in a simulation, though, just that we can't ever know if we do.
This is some breathtaking equivocation. If *"I am a brain hooked up to a computer"* can't refer to the extra-universe equivalent of a computer because we've never seen one, then its truth or falsehood has no bearing on whether I am actually a brain hooked up to the extra-universe equivalent of a computer. 

I mean, the whole argument rests on the idea that we can't refer to anything outside our universe. And yet somehow, as soon as he uses that fact to determine that the statement *"I am a brain hooked up to a computer"* must be false, he conveniently forgets the whole premise of the argument and decides that it *can* refer to an extra-universe computer equivalent, thus proving that we are not, in fact, living in a simulation.

I mean, am I missing something here? Or is it really that stupid?
he has such a dry mouth uuugghhhhhhh
The title of this link and the gist of the video are completely opposed...
Can't we get past all the difficulty of brains, vats and computers?

*There may be a world external to our own. In the external world may exist means to render false perceptions. Our reality may be a false perception created by some such means.*

Is this subject to the same scrutiny?

And if it's not, can't we just call this hypothetical 'means to render false perceptions' a 'computer', knowing that what we mean by it is not a literal computer, but only some object or entity which serves that prescribed function?
This is rapidly becoming a moot point as we are about to replace reality with a simulation (or die trying).
So, speaking from a technological viewpoint; the technology simulating our universe would be high-tech, but still conventional and bound by our limitations, correct?

So if you, let's say, exploded a warhead on an infinitely large scale, you could "lag" the universe and price that it's a simulation, right?

Yes, it's not logical to produce a bomb that large by any means, but that would be a way to prove it (I think).
What about trying to lag the outer universe?
So if we were living g in a matrix of sorts, and we say our brain is hooked up to a computer but ultimately that's a lie since it has no concept of both things must make it a lie right? Well sure it might make sense to an extent because a brain can be all sorts of things BUT it should still MEAN the same since words by this video logic is just a metaphor . So if we say brain and think of a pink braining thing, then that's cause we are told that's how it's suppose to look, but even if it doesn't look like that but still functions as a brain then the appearance wouldn't matter except for the function of it. 
The words that you only need to know.  "We don't know shit, and we will never know shit".
Tell me if I'm summarizing this correctly:

You can't say you're in a computer simulation, because computers are something that exists in the thing you're calling a simulation, not necessarily outside of it.

My argument would be that as long as there are laws of logic in whatever world our simulation is being run, then it should be possible to make something that computes, and then you could call that a computer.

Of course I see how much I'm painting the rules of this world onto that theoretical one, but it's just a thought. 
Wait a second. Say I'm a brain in a vat which was grown by scientists and therefore never had sensory organs. I could very well exist in a world without ever experiencing any of it or knowing what a tree is as I am physically incapable of doing so. However, at the same time, I would still be hooked up to a computer experiencing a simulation, and because I have never experienced the world in which i actually exist, I assume that the simulated world is the real one. therefore, the very idea that a brain in a vat in fact proves that simulation is a possibility. Because I lack extra-simulatory experiences, there is no way for me to determine that I exist in a material and simulation plane. But let us assume that I am not in fact a brain in a vat, and because of my lack of material experience I have completely misplaced what I actually am. That doesn't mean though, that I am not, for instance, an advanced ai. So ultimately there is no way to prove, without some extra-simulation intervention, whether or not I am in a simulation.
The argument "I might be an entity that I cannot perceive connected to a device I cannot perceive" cannot be proven false. I don't understand the leap of logic in this video that says that the statement "I am a brain hooked up to a computer" is false. 

If a person was bound and gagged and put in a dark room, and was unable to see anything else in the room, and a clown happened to be standing next to them and they thought "I am next to a clown", it would happen to be true, even though they have no way of verifying this. 

I can abide by the notion that it's not necessarily worth thinking about whether or not we're in a simulation because we cannot verify the notion, but I reject the idea that it is *false*, precisely *because* we cannot verify the veracity of the notion. 

Likewise, the argument falls apart if we consider a simulation that perfectly represents the concept of things that exist outside of the simulation to the extent that we can understand fully what they are. If a computer and a brain outside of the simulation are represented perfectly within and to the fullest extent of the context of human understanding within the simulation, then our understanding of a brain and of a computer within the simulation and outside of the simulation would be one and the same. Therefore, we could make the same logical inferences regardless of context. 
This falls under the Incompleteness Theorem, from Kurt Godel. It essentially states attempting to prove an axiom from within the system is impossible. Really deep shit and worth checking out
This is basically the god argument. The existence of any given deity can neither be proven nor disproven, so having the argument is pointless.
This makes me think the entity in charge of my simulation is trying to keep me from figuring it out. Like that scene in Total Recall where Arnold encounters the guy trying to convince Arnold he's stuck in the dream world. 
its ashame because sometimes i wish this shit wasnt real
As a French guy I've gotta say well done to the guy who made this video and managed to pronounce "Descartes" correctly, so many people get it wrong. Anyway, very cool video. 
Regardless of whether or not reality is a simulation, our perception of reality is simulated. What you see as you look around your room is not what's actually there. It's only what you can perceive. There are countless other things present, radiation, particles, colours, all sorts of things we can't see. Your clothes in your wardrobe are there yet you can't see them unless the door is open. All we see is what light is reflected off of. We have hearing to sense sound, but even sound we experience in a limited way, as in, we can't see or feel it even. We have no sense to detect radiation. For all we know, there may be things here even our instruments can't detect. There could be creatures living among us that we aren't aware of because we have no technology to detect them yet.

Imagine if you could see literally every single thing present in your room, what would it look like? You could see every single particle that makes up your carpet, for example. It would be an insane amount of information to process. Hence why only a minimal amount is detected by our brains and simulated as our environment around us.

Also, just because light is the fastest thing we've measured, doesn't mean that is the universal speed limit. We may one day detect something that is moving faster than light. That's like saying Usain Bolt is the fastest I've ever seen someone run therefore it's *impossible* for another human to run faster than that. No it isn't!
Personally, I think we don't live in a simulation.  Why?  Because I can only see two purposes of building a simulation - to test people's reaction to knowing it was a simulation,  high is obviously not the case, or to create a world to simulate responses to real world stimuli.  In the later case, it would be imperative that the people in he simulation not know it was a simulation, and seeing as philosophers have been questioning this for decades I think that it couldn't be the second one either.  Not a proof, just my two cents.
So basically if I've never seen a horse there is no horse?
Living in a simulation would mean that every single particle in the universe is simulated. and not just from the earth...every single particle in the entire universe. That is just too much... we are not living in a simulation.
This is dumb. All it's saying is "technically, based on a literal interpretation of your exact words: you're incorrect."
A few points.

1. Whatever is generating the simulation would be in a different universe, permanently and completely outside of our ability to detect it.
2. Whatever is generating the simulation would likely be in a universe so different from ours, and likely so much more complex than ours, that any effort to understand it would be futile.
3. In a practical sense, it does not matter if we live in a simulation.  It stands to reason that simulated universes would be incredibly more common than "real" ones, but the "programming" is very real from our perspective.
4. Whatever universe is generating our simulation is also itself likely a simulation.
Lmao, you don't need 5 minutes to explain why it is impossible to prove that...
Honestly one of the dumbest philosophical topics I've ever come across. Can't think of a more pointless waste of time. Stoner tier philosophy honestly 
The argument seems to be not that we don't live in a simulation, but that it's meaningless to say whether we are living in a simulation. ...but I still disagree!

At its core, the argument seems to be that it's not meaningful to say that we live in a simulation because we don't know what it *means* to live in a simulation. We can't say that we might be "brains" in "vats" because the statement would imply that we knew what real brains, or real vats, might be, which we don't.

I'm not sure I agree with that. We can imagine ourselves simulating an artificial reality within our own world; imagine beings living within that simulated reality; and imagine some general properties of that reality which could be experienced by those simulated beings. Evidence that our own world possesses those same general properties could be construed as (very weak) evidence we're in a simulation.

For example, in many simulated worlds that I can imagine (e.g., computer simulations like the Matrix), the operator of a simulation would essentially possess godlike power over the simulation, So, the existence of a Godlike being (especially one who could communicate with us and claim that we inhabit a simulation) would to me be evidence that we are simulations.
I don't think this is a real argument. you can then say "our brain type thing is hooked up to a computer type thing" just because we might not know what a computer in the real world looks like doesn't mean the entire argument is invalid. all it means is that the real world may be vastly different to the simulated one.
Who's to say that simulation is not multi-layered?

A 1,000 years could be spent decoding the mystery of the simulation, with an answer seemingly found...not realizing it's a simulation of a simulation of a simulation, etc.
Real trees where light is absorbed and emitted hits our eyes which converts it to electrical signal to the brain anyways?

Why would the source matter? 

If a computer sent a electrical signal to the brain that a tree was a circle and it's called a frog because history of the simulation suggests that it was (the first individual that it implants it in and pasted it on). 

Why...would we reject that? It seems weird using the term real if we are talking things in terms of simulation. Where does "real" come in to play? 
The simple problem is that you'd be using metrics provided by the simulation itself.
4:14 reminds me of Kant's thoughts about our access to the metaphysical.
Actually we are a sim inside a sim inside a brain in a jar 
I think this whole argument sort of undercuts itself. Just after the 3 minute mark he argues something along the lines of "When a Martian says tree it is not referring to a *real* tree but to the sense experience given to it by the electrical impulses received from the computer." That's exactly right, but that is also precisely what we believe the brain does now. Our neurons have never "seen" the world. They create a sensual experience of the world (somehow) based on electrical code received from the "outside" world. We literally live in a black box and can only construct our environment based on code sent to us. We can believe that what we construct in our minds when we see a tree corresponds to what is *actually* out there in the material world but I can't think of any solid reason to believe it's true outside of some sort of faith based position. 
Say that martian was given an occulus rift and shown what a tree was like, or was to study trees for 35 years without ever actually touching a tree... would we still make the same claims?

Does this really hinge on the quality of the simulation never being able to reach perfection?
Matrix is a movie.  Reality is a simulation at a universal level. The part of the sim that's the world above is a spiritual realm.  God started a sim billions or trillions of years ago and that's just the universe (many universes existed at the start).  The trick is realizing there is duality - spirits and the physical universe exist, but have a very hard time interacting.
I don't think this is right.

Maybe I've got something wrong so definitely tell me if I have, but I don't think that argument follows.

For example imagine Person A has been in the simulation their entire life. As in they have never experienced anything but the simulation. If I understand correctly, the argument is that even if that person is in a simulation that's identical to reality, they can't make the claim that their in a simulation because they've never experienced reality.

I think it falls apart when you imagine Person B to be someone that has experienced reality but was put in a simulation at some point in their life without knowing it. If they then claim that they are in a simulation what can we say about it?

Person A and Person B make the same claim but person B has a valid claim apparently. That doesn't seem to make sense to me because they are both imagining reality even though one has experienced it with knowing.

If we take this even further. What happens when Person B experiences something in the simulation that they haven't experienced in reality? Can they still make the claim they live in a simulation? The simulation has given them an experience that wasn't real but is plausible within the reality they had experienced before the simulation. 

If I was to use the alien analogy, it would be like the alien finds a picture of a tree with a spaceship in the background. The spaceship is a depiction of something the alien knows to be true. The tree is something it has never seen but believes it could exist along side the spaceship.

Let me know what you think. If I missed something or something doesn't follow then tell me that too.


This seems oddly semantic. If the objects, "brain" and " computer" are so important, then we can avoid that shortcoming by defining them by the consequences of their function.

> "I am a *control center of some unknown function*, hooked up to a *device controlling my perception of reality*" 

 The crux of the premise in this video is assuming that we need to know any characteristics of the objects in true reality. We don't need to know what they are like to know that they exist. This is proven often in astronomy, physics, and a multitude of sciences. 


___
After reading through the comments, I do see that the purpose is to "prove". And based on conventional logic, I *guess* you couldn't write a successful proof based on the premises given in this video...
while I understand the argument it ignores one fundamental aspect of the matrix in its argument.

the idea that a Martian hasn't seen an actual tree or heard of the word tree referring to an actual one is irrelevant. the simulation was meant to be convincing enough that even if they had experienced a real tree, when faced with a simulation it would be indistinguishable. so they  could transpose their expectation from the real to the simulated easily and vice versa.

the Descartes model assumes the same. 

trying to imply a mathematical model of absolute value onto the tree or words means nothing when the thing evaluating the authenticity is suitability deceived. 

for the simulation cosmic ray argument to stand up it would need us to assume the goal of the simulation was directed at simulating a realistic universe, and not at fooling the individual.

if the brain in a jar version oof reality was accurate then those results would alwage be  manipulated in a way to maintain the illusion.

if however living beings were a byproduct of the simulation, then theoretically we were not anticipated so our experience may not be targeted for sensory manipulation, necessary to deceive us. 

basically you must be a glitch in the matrix to be able to perceive the matrix sans red pill blue pill choice.
Can we quantify our level of conscious understanding outside our own conceptualized understanding? The shit part of all of it is that our own understanding of these concepts is so limited. 
He makes a severe error at the basis of his argument. "It does not make any sense therefore it is false" is not an argument. 
The whole "The tree that we see ..." bit reminds me of /r/misleadingthumbnails 
Knowledge by acquaintance? Was that at all mentioned in the vid?
Knowledge by acquaintance? Was that at all mentioned in the vid?
Except the difference between the simulation hypothesis and the concept for the Matrix is that in the Matrix, the "reality" was a bunch of humans connected to a simulation whereas I'd interpreted the simulation hypothesis to mean that our entire existence and everything's we know does not actually exist at all. For that reason, I think that the Matrix is a poor analogy
By the same rationale, a chicken in a factory farm can deduce that it is not in a factory farm, because it has never seen the outside world, so it has no concept of it.



I disagree. 

The video says that you can't experience the world via computer simulation, yet its' definition of *experiencing the world* is just electric signals going from one's eyes, ears, and any other sensory nerves to their brain. 

There is no reason to believe that an exact replica of these electric impulses (but created via a machine) would cause your brain to experience them in a different way. 

If that's the case, and it is, then this same argument could be applied to the statement "I am living in ~~a simulation~~ **the real world**" and then one could say "*There for we mustn't be living in the real world*"
Get your filthy machine propaganda out of here!
he keeps saying that for this to be a simulation you need to be a real organic consciousness hooked up to computer (a brain in a jar) but that is not the case at all.  The entire universe OURSELVES included could be entirely simulated without any external objects involved just like an AI would be if we built one.
'I am a brain hooked up to a computer' is only wrong if we assume that we are talking about our idea of a brain and out idea of a computer. It's perfectly possible that we are in fact hooked up to some kind of program regardless of if it's something we have any concept of. All this guy proves is that the statement isn't exactly correct in that it possibly won't be what we think of as a brain/computer.
[deleted]
There is a clear scientific argument to be made in that we do live in a simulation; and this has been proven recently (2012~ish) using quantum physics.

Basically this experiment was a repeat of the two-slit experiment in which particles begin acting like waves; but with some modifications. The researchers setup an elaborate maze for particles to just through, with random turns that have a 50% chance of going 1 way vs. another. In this, they established a system in which if they detected a particle with sensor A or B, they could calculate EXACTLY where the particle originated from.

If a particle was however found at detectors C or D, then it would be impossible to determine where the particle came from.

The results? Sensors A and B both demonstrated a slit-pattern, while Sensors C and D were showing a wave-pattern. In short, regardless of how complicated the path/maze was, if something can be measured with a certainty, it will always act as a particle; whereas if something cannot be measured with certainty, it acts as a wave.

TL;DR: IT HAS BEEN SCIENTIFICALLY PROVEN EITHER WE MUST BE LIVING IN A SIMULATIONS, OR PARTICLES HAVE THE ABILITY TO TIME-TRAVEL TO CHANGE THEIR POSITION UPON OBSERVATION. Obviously one of these two is more likely than the other.
I don't ever understand why it would matter whether we were or not? There are still functions either based off of free will or determinism and it's all still an abstract or empirical reality that we can understand and through certain understandings also create; whether it be a simulation or not. I could see why it would matter if it were for the redemption of manipulation by a corrupt force, or the need to constantly increase grandiose symptoms, but besides that, either way you're influencing a reality that is ultimately yours and just as significant as the next. 

Tldr; if it's an influential reality with no absolute concrete function then why does it matter? 
Thank you for wasting my time. 
It isn't testable, so it can't be answered. 

This is exactly like speaking about 'God', in that whatever God *is* consistently evades a testable definition. To be either atheist or theist in this circumstance is a non-empirical assumption - maintaining doubt is the only valid conclusion.

The same goes for the simulation hypothesis. It may be 'logical' but that doesn't mean it's true. Plenty of 'logical' things that can be predicted with mathematics and scientific theories are very wrong. Logic doesn't make something real.
Well unless someone could prove that we do it'd be pretty hard to answer that fully. Though to be fair i do question whether our lives is very closely related to the game SIM's because there's just so much random stuff going on at times it's hard to believe it's real 
lel 

to the shitter this goes!
The logic in the video was qute flawed for example, it is assuming that there is some kind of a distinction between you experiencing a tree (visually, sensory, smell, etc.) and your brain experiencing the appropriate signal input. There just isnt any difference there and thus the whole thing is just plain wrong.
So by his logic, if you take a Virtual Machine in a computer, everything inside that machine can only conclude the VM is the real world and nothing exists outside of it, because it's designed that way and therefore it's true that the inside of the VM is true? That's a harsh conclusion to draw if you limit your train of thought to what you can perceive.
This only logically argues that we are not physical beings living in simulated reality.

However it does not prove that we are not simulations living in simulation. 
Doesn't matter. "The simulation" is an idea that has taken hold with religious fervor -- literally: they believe it and that's that. You'll never convince those believers it's impossible. "You can't prove a negative" etc.
Miracles were a thing until some finally fucking changed the admin password.
I don't think that the argument that we cannot make any form of logically valid statement about the 'real' world if we were inside some sort of matrix proves that we are not inside one proves that we are not inside one. It merely proves that we have absolutely no way of knowing what the real world is like if we were inside one.  
Just because "I am a brain hooked up to a computer" is false, doesn't mean that some other statement implying that we are in some sort of simulation isn't true.  
Its very possible that some situation exists using an arrangement objects beyond our comprehension (because we've never seen real objects) and that situation is happening to us right now.﻿
I don't quite understand this. It's the concept of living in a simulation that's important, I feel like this argument rests wholly on semantics, maybe "brains" and "jars" are unimaginably different to what we call brains and jars, but it doesn't change the sentiment of being a "brain in a jar", whatever form that may take. Understanding doesn't equate to truth. 
So if we go from the fact that we're living in a simulation, and we say "I'm a brain hooked up to a machine", which is false. Then only the meaning in the referenced world (the ones of the machines) is false. + if we're living in a simulation, that's point and case, whatever statement you make after that is unnecessary. 

In the the whole argument about living in a simulation or not boils down to 2 questions "is there a physical limit of what we can simulate" (precision) and "can we simulate a brain and other complex relations"(complexity), and even then, if there were a limit, lets say a minimal processing speed, the one living in the Simulation couldn't know, we could assume the speed of light is the processing speed of our universe, but outside of our simulation, things could go much faster.
Similarly with the complexity, maybe this is all very complex to us, but outside of the simulation maybe brains work in a more complex manner and simulation problems would seem trivial outside of it.

In the end and in my opinion it's fair to say there is 100% a possibility that we live in a simulation. But it's still only a possibility. In the same manner as it is a possibility that all of what is happening is just happening in your head, yes you, mr reader ;)
Didn't watch the video but why would anyone thing it would be possible?
....This is about as viable as living on a flat earth. 
I think the argument fails because it assumes the boundary between the "matrix" and the "outside world" is a perfect one, where no information can pass from out to in, whereas any such "matrix" necessarily exists in the "outside world" and therefore ALL of its information originates from this "outside world."

Take the allegory of the cave by Plato, which this video says is one of the concepts which gave birth to this idea of a simulation - the shadows on the wall of the cave are being cast by objects from outside the cave. It's just that the information is incomplete.
It's logically impossible to prove any theory true. All that matters is whether a theory is falsifiable or not. Science does not operate on proofs and laws these days. Take the theory of special relativity. It hasn't been 'proven true', because that isn't possible. It can only be tested. So far it holds up to any test that can currently be devised. Still, it may very well be that one day a better or more accurate theory is discovered.

This guy isn't bringing some new revelation to the table. Usually we just go with the theory or explanation that best fits all available data. Even better if that theory can be tested and it makes predictions no other theory can.  Therefore simulation is the winner in that respect, as it is testable and explains all available data while providing similar predicive power. Inasmuch as it is possible to "prove" this is a simulation (or prove any theory) it has already been done: https://www.reddit.com/r/AWLIAS/comments/4wwa87/the_experiment_that_proves_we_are_living_in_a/

By the way, the 'base' reality is describable, because we live there. To say that talking about it is pointless because it is "unknowable" is a red herring. Scientists talk about all sorts of things that are unknowable, a notable example being the big bang. It's not about what is knowable vs what is unknowable. It's about what can reasonably be logically deduced from available data.

For example, space is not fundamental if this is a simulation. It's simply numbers in a computer. Define orthoganal X Y and Z and an origin point, and there's space. Therefore, the fundamental reality (since it is not a simulation) has no space. There's one basic concept that is hard to wrap one's head around, but logically necessary given the facts.
An easier analogy:

Try imagining a new colour. It's impossible because we can't imagine something that never existed.
That's like saying: 'You have no proof therefore therefore your hypothesis is certainly false.'

It is not a full proof that you are not; it is simply near irrefutable evidence that you *may* not be.  Not the same thing.
At 3:30 it should be "nor"
Someone is actually spending my tax dollars to try and disprove that we're living in a computer simulation. 
Yeah, well, the burden of proof is not on us who say this is real.
Wow this is so stupid and it's so obvious we *are* living in a simulation.  imagine a gta character became self aware and realized what a car actually is.  they would perceive it in their "matrix" world the same as we perceive it in the "real world" because we, the simulation creators, also created it.  humans are a bag of chemicals, we can simulate those exact same chemicals, we can make real or virtual humans (in a video game) out of those chemicals.  our ability to perceive anything is dependent only on our chemical makeup, whether its real or virtual so we can reliably predict how our simulated selves would percieve other simulated objects.  also just because someone perceives something differently doesnt make it actually different as the video seems to imply.
Just read this and other essays by Carnap and Neurath for last semester's philosophy of science class, it's funny how if you read the history of logical positivism backwards it is about a group of people who hate each other but eventually come together and agree on more and more things until they believe they can accomplish something. 
Socrates:  There is a certain experience we must be careful to avoid.

Phaedo:  What is that?

S:  That we should not become misologues, as people become misanthropes.  There is no greater evil one can suffer than to hate reasonable discourse.  Misology and misanthropy arise in the same way.  Misanthropy comes when a man without knowledge or skill has placed great trust in someone and believes him to be altogether truthful, sound, and trustworthy; then, a short time afterwards he finds him to be wicked and unreliable, and this happens in another case; when one has frequently had that experience, especially with those whom one believed to be one’s closest friends, then, in the end, after many such blows, one comes to hate all men and to believe that no one is sound in any way at all.  Have you not seen this happen?

P: I surely have.

S:  This is a shameful state of affairs, and obviously due to an attempt to have human relations without any skill in human affairs, for such skill would lead one to believe, what is in fact true, that the very good and the very wicked are both quite rare, and that most men are between those extremes….The similarity lies in this:  It is as when one who lacks skill in arguments puts his trust in an argument as being true, then shortly afterwards believes it to be false–as sometimes it is and sometimes it is not–and so with another argument and then another.  You know how those in particular who spend their time studying contradiction in the end believe themselves to have become very wise and that they alone have understood that there is no soundness or reliability in any object or in any argument, but that all that exists simply fluctuates up and down as if it were in the Euipus and does not remain in the same place for any time at all.

P:  What you say is certainly true.

S:  It would be pitiable, Phaedo, when there is a true and reliable argument and one that can be understood, if a man who has dealt with such arguments as appear at one time true, at another time untrue, shoud not blame himself or his own lack of skill but, because of his distress, in the end gladly shift the blame away from himself to the arguments, and spend the rest of his life hating and reviling reasoned discussion and so be deprived of truth and knowledge of reality.

P:  Yes, by Zeus, that would be pitiable indeed.

S:  This then is the first thing we should guard against.  We should not allow into our minds the conviction that argumentation has nothing sound about it; much rather we should believe that it is we who are not yet sound and that we must take courage and be eager to attain soundness, you and the others for the sake of your whole life still to come, and I for the sake of death itself.
[removed]
One problem is that philosophy just claims everything for itself. In this day and age, we shouldn't call politics, ethics, religion, "metaphysics" etc. philosophy. There are experts in each field and "philosophy" seems to have missed the specialisation and professionalisation. What partly follows is that while topics included in philosophy should be very much concerned with logic, they are too often not. The overall result is that the specialists who don't call themselves philosophers know what they're talking about while those who engage in the topics as a "philosopher" make stupid errors in their own ideas as well as when analysing others'. What's left when you take away things like politics and ethics is a group of subjects that contribute to society very indirectly and marginally and should be seen as an art form. That's a way in which the term "philosophy" could be preserved but is only a suggestion of mine. I think we should get rid of the outdated categorisation which, ironically, is something philosophy should see.
The value of a field isn't so much in the question it poses and the debates it creates, but in the quality of the answers it provides. And that's where philosophy falls rather short.
I think the main value associated with the study of philosophy is less in the answers it gives than in the practice it provides in focused attention and the mental exercise required to answer difficult questions.
I think, as many have previously stated, that Philosophy is a method. A method that teaches you how to think, and how not to think.  Which is an immensely important thing.
Intuition cannot be a source of evidence for accepting or rejecting a philosophical claim. If intuitions have any role in philosophy at all, I think Wittgenstein said it best when he said that intuitions are the raw materials for philosophy. Then we work on those intuitions with a  systematic method. If the method leads us to unintuitive truths then so much the worse for the intuitions. Intuitions are a sort of phenomena---they come up in our experience whether we meant for them to or not. These are in need of philosophical treatment, they don't serve as evidence of claims. Taking them at face value is just what people do in their everyday lives; it is not part of philosophical inquiry, which is meant to question the face value of things. 

Philosophy needs more work on methodology, *not* more upper-middle class white people who happened to decide on studying philosophy in university reporting their intuitions in obscure academic journals. 
How could intuition be disregarded? where do you think literally every single scientific idea comes from?

You can only do any real science if you have the intuition that it might be true. You can't go about doing research for something you have no idea about, you need to have the intuition for how it would work. 

Einstein didn't just do some random mathematics, he had the intuition for how the world works and confirmed his intuition with mathematics. Tesla didn't methodically do a lot of research about how electricity would work, most of his works were based on simple intuitions on how it would already work.

Without intuition you're not a scientist, you are only a book worm who only knows how to absorb text books and repeat experiments over and over again. Intuition is the creative aspect of invention.
**Summary:**
In this [Wireless Philosophy](https://www.youtube.com/user/WirelessPhilosophy) video, [Caspar Hare](http://www.wi-phi.com/contributor/caspar-hare) (MIT) asks: can science tell us everything there is to know about the world? He tells us about a famous argument that it can't, sometimes called 'the knowledge argument' or 'the Mary argument', due to philosopher Frank Jackson. If the argument is right, then there are certain aspects of the world that we can't learn about through science. In particular, we can't use science to learn what it is like to see red, or taste coffee, or have other experiences.

Thanks for watching! If you like our videos, please [subscribe](http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WirelessPhilosophy) to our YouTube channel!

-WiPhi
The language of science cannot indeed describe everything, but I would argue no language can describe everything. The examples of such un-describable things from the video are the sensation of the color red and and the taste sensation of coffee. These type of sensations are generally labeled as 'qualia'. Before the red apple is viewed or the coffee is tasted the person does not have these qualia, and afterwards they do.

So the question arises where did these new qualia, which are known in the mind, come from? The materialist could say that new sensory input is transmitted to the brain from the sense organs causing the brain's neurons to organize themselves in such a manner that one now has these qualia, e.g. redness and coffee taste-ness. The video says these qualia type of sensations are non-physical.

So my conclusion from the video is that the mind/brain can take physical sense input and create non-physical qualia, but the nature of these qualia in and of themselves cannot be described using language. I cannot create qualia in someone else's mind with only words, instead I must present  them something physical and let their sense organs and brain do the creative work, (or perhaps in the future perform surgery and rearrange their neurons directly) .
 
The overall argument is a bit confusing. The first part explains what is a complete description (there's nothing missing in the description), and the question is "can we provide a complete description of what's in a box ?". But I don't really see how the second part of the video with the apple and coffee answer that specific question.
It seems like a straw man.    Does anyone argue that science can teach us *everything* there is to know about reality?    At any point in time, things have happened that are so far away that light (and information) hasn't reached us yet.     So there will always be things beyond that horizon.    We will never be omniscient.     That's less a limit of science in particular, and more a bare statement that there will always be things we don't know.    

>>There are aspects of reality that cannot be described in the language of science.

What basis do we have for making these specific claims about reality, such as angels?   While it is uncontested that there are things beyond our knowledge, that's not the same thing.   Here we have claims being made, about angels and whatnot.    The issue isn't merely that these are "beyond science," rather they are unsupported by any evidence.    Sure, again, there are things that exist out there that we don't know about (we are not omniscient), but that doesn't support any specific claims made about what is actually out there.   

It's spurious to fault science in particular for not being able to exhaust all possible questions.     The impossibility of omniscience seems an inescapable epistemic reality, not a limitation of science *specifically*.    I agree that our understanding of the world cannot be complete.  We can never know everything.   There will always be questions.    But this video seems to veer away from that epistemological problem into criticism of science specifically.   

The questions science is here being faulted for not answering, such as that of qualia, haven't been answered by any other approaches either.     We can't know what it's like to be a bat, or to see magnetic fields, or to have any other senses that we don't have.    There are things we don't know, and probably things we'll never know.    Is that a fault of science in particular, or just a brute statement about us not knowing everything?     

>>Conclusion:  Any description of the world that's done purely in the language of natural science is going to be incomplete.

I'd say any description of the world is going to be incomplete, full stop.    I agree with this epistemic assessment.   I just object to science being faulted specifically for an epistemically insurmountable problem.
out of curiosity, how do we know if the tomato one person sees is represented in an identical wavelength to the another person. How do we know if mary sees red, but the gray scientists see the color as mary's blue?
