> all Alola Flairs Are Activated ~~excluding one.~~

**[angrily uses Salandit instead of Salazzle.]**
I feel like getting a thread on how to effectively EV train and how to grind Bottle Caps would be nice to see.

EDIT: Also how to effectively level grind to. All this in 1 thread would be super cool.
WOOOOOOOOOOOOO

Sorry to people who haven't finished the game though and want to go blind

Might want to stay away until you have beat the game.
Alolan flairs, whoo!

It was a tough call, but the Tourminator beat out #1 Waifumon for my  love.
Is there anything that can be done about repeated posts, or are you guys handling that at best already

Sorry if this isnt something to ask, i dont come to the mod posts that often because im more casual on the sub, but recently half the posts have been about the Mom still not moving the boxes in the room and the other half complaining about the SOS chaining and it just gets harder to scroll through the sub
Welp, time to leave this Sub for 2 or 3 weeks, as I've only just fought Guzma for the first time.
I'm a busy european player and i've only just gotten to the third island, so if people can just spoil the ending content in thread titles then that seems a bit unfair.

Obviously you can't stay spoiler-free forever but ALL spoilers allowed? Seems a bit too soon.
I actually really really like text only mode. Any hope that we can bring it back or make it permanent? 
>Sun and Moon in-game content is no longer considered a spoiler.

Welp! Good Bye Everyone! See you around December! Maybe the new year!
A few questions about flairs:

1. Where are the rest of the UB's? I see the first 3 officially revealed ones but not the rest? 

2. Where's Necrozma? He shouldn't be considered a spoiler at this point.
What about the rest of the Ultra Beasts? There are only 3 up right now.

And I am very interested in another /r/Pokemon Draws the Pokedex! Would love to participate in something like that! I think it would be hard to get enough people to do the entire dex, so just the Alola Pokemon would probably be a better idea.
/u/technophonix1

Any idea why my post was removed? I made a Pokemon Availability Guide that basically breaks down what Pokemon are in what games throughout the series. A fair amount of people seemed to find it helpful, and the post got a lot of upvotes. Then at some point yesterday, the original post got deleted for some reason, and I haven't gotten a response from the mods yet.

Here's the original topic:
https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5f39j6/pokemon_availability_guide_all_7_generations/

And here's the things it linked to:

http://imgur.com/gallery/rOjkk?lr=1480266541

http://bikdiponabus.webs.com/locationchart.html

The only problem I can think of is that I go over glitches for each generation after the main breakdown, and I do mention that with a hacking device, it's possible to re-activate old events. I only mention this in passing though, and don't explain how to do it or provide links to any tools necessary.
Well, alright. I'll keep my flair as is but good to know we got new ones. I like my Abra as it is, don't need the wise one changed. As for spoilers... I guess this means goodbye until I'm done. I'm slow and I cannot expect this sub to stay silent on spoilers. I'll be back when I'm done. Thank guys and good luck!
Could the mods add the Z-Crystals as flairs? I wanna show off my love for my Ice babies 
Yeah it's been out for a little while, but European players still just got the game.

On a side note, I bought it to be shipped around launch, but due to some fuck-ups with the mail I still haven't gotten it yet.
I am definitely interested in the competition
I wish I could enjoy reading story beat reactions here without accidentally spoiling the rest of the story, but I guess I'll have to stay away for a while.
Not sure where to else to post this but

Can the 2DS play sun or moon? i was going to get the game for my brother for christmas but i can't find online if the 2DS supports the game
Wonder Trade is not how you release the shit abras you caught. /rant.
Something I've noticed recently is that a majority of comments have 0 karma instead of the default 1. I'm not really affected by this but I'm curious. Is this an automatic thing on the sub or is somebody going around downvoting the comments? 
IT'S LIKE I'M PARANOID LOOKING OVER MY BACK

IT'S LIKE A
I'd be totally down for drawing some older stuff; if you got 721 requests it shouldn't be hard to get 802 or whatever it is now.
Well I guess it's time to step away from this sub for a while. Thanks for the heads-up! Hopefully it doesn't take me too much longer to finish the game but I've only just beaten the Water Trial, so we'll see. I should be done by the end of the year, provided I have enough time.
Would love a blue silly putty (shiny ditto) sprite :D 
Idk where exactly to ask this sooo...
SPOILER WARNING MAYBE!!!!!!!






Is it possible to catch tapu Koko on the first encounter right after beating the elite four and kukui?

I have it on 1 HP, paralyzed, and have only gotten a ball to wiggle one time after 20 ultra balls and.
Would love to be a part of Pokemon Draws the Pokedex
Feedback:

In both Sun and Moon mode, I noticed the flairs are colored differently when compared to the Flair Filters in the sidebar. I'll use the Sun Mode for the moment.

[This is what the flairs look like in Sun Mode if we look at what types of submissions are shown.](http://i.imgur.com/VBlzYnw.png) As you may noticed, the flairs are colored as solid bars.

[Now, we look at the Flair Filters in the Sidebar.](http://i.imgur.com/RtsQZeF.png) As you can see, it is not colored as solid bars, but rather just text and borders are colored in with the same colors as the flairs.

It's a little nuisance, but I would like for the sidebar filter buttons to  be consistent with the submission flairs on the left side of the webpage. As in, both the flairs and the flair filters are all colored in as solid bars, filled in with their respective colors. The text colors will be dark/light, depending on the color hues.

I also believed I may have missed the discussion of why the flair filters are not to be color-filled, so if you have that discussion, that would be great.

Thanks. 
i'd like to play in the VGC, but it depends on what generation is allowed and what time it would be.
Why UBs flair are in Mega place? Also UB-04 Blaster is Moon exclusive (It says #UB04s).
Just a liitle feedback here, gathered from many many hours spent in this subreddit.

- Reposters: People hate them they despise them but, maybe... maaaybe these reposters are just unaware of their posts being reposts? i mean if there's a way to tell them that what they're about to post is a repost (i know it is) but a better way to tell them like a Team Rocket "R" Below the upvote/downvote buttons? so they know they have a reposted thread and people "Hopefully" won't make them appear in the frontpage. 

What i want to say: Sometimes people don't know they make repost popular by upvoting them, and sometimes people like myself go to these posts and yell "This is a repost you smartass!" because i am aware of it (I've seen it before) but some people don't and those people are the ones that upvote, so my solution to this is marking the reposts with an R so people will know they are about to upvote and "cram up" the frontpage by upvoting a repost that will get deleted eventually, so the mods will only have to hunt down this "R" posts instead gathering all the user reports manually.

Excuse me if my english ~~sounds~~ reads a bit strange at some parts, i'm not a fluent english writer so bear with me :) 

It sucks to see you're removing non-original art posts here. Ever since you implemented the rule the quality of art has gone down by a lot, while the amount of art submissions didn't really change. They're upvoted a lot less frequently now, too.

As someone who greatly enjoys Pokémon artwork this subreddit will no longer be a good place to find it easily. :( (There's obviously still *some* great submissions once in a while.)

One thing that's interesting; back when the mods first posted about this new OC art rule and I discussed it with a mod (on /u/PokemonArtBot) it was said this is just a trial and there'd be a community vote on the matter, but now it apparently is final, without any community input.

> Either way, it's just going to be a trial, and the users of this sub (including you) will ultimately have the final say. So if the majority of users agree with you and vote in a way that reflects that, we'll keep things as they are. :)

https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/581fq3/state_of_the_subreddit_voting_rule_changes/d8xxbl2/

This isn't really a nice thing to do.

Maybe you'd be interested in incorporating my newly started subreddit /r/PokemonArt in some fashion? Such as a "Submit Non-original Artwork" button in the 'Submit Content' section in the sidebar? I'm still working on some basic stuff like the CSS, but would like to do some bigger things with the subreddit soon.
Really happy with this. Thank God the last day of text only is finishing in 3 days, Alola flairs are great, and I like the Original Art. There's been many links I've been meaning to submit. On the other hand, when will OC Art only be done and users be allowed to submit other art? Now question: there have been countless threads that keep getting submitted that can be found out by a quick Google search and do not take the help of other users. The amount of threads that get submitted that are irrelevant is annoying. Will you ever do something to filter out those types of questions? **Actual** discussions are getting left in the dust opposed to the easy, quick Google search questions.
>Sun and Moon in-game content is no longer considered a spoiler

Apparently a week is now all the time we can afford to keep people unspoiled.


See you guys in mid December once I actually beat the game (I just got it on black Friday)
What natures should i go for my tapu legendaries?
I traded a Bruxish on GTS for a Modest Lunala with no less than 25 IVs in every stat. I don't know how to build it or anything yet I just wanted to brag. 
So, question.

I'm currently having a slightly heated discussion with someone about whether or not Decidueye is really a good competitive choice.  She's like "if you think Decidueye is bad, you might as well say Charizard is bad because you literally know nothing about anything" and I'm like "yeah but that stat spread, look at all that wasted special attack on a Pokemon who basically has to be a physical attacker".

So who's right?  Like I'm sure you COULD make a mixed attacker Decidueye and have it be okay, but...why would you want to?  Big awesome ghost owl just doesn't seem very good for competitive to me, am I an idiot?
Can a bulky Araquanid be used well? I've been using one against the Battle Tree with Ledtovers and it's been going great but I'm not sure if it would be as good against real opponents. It's using Leech Life, Liquidation, Poison Jab and Wide Guard/Aqua Ring (Doubles/Singles).

I'm wondering if this is viable, for example:

Araquanid @ Leftovers
Ability: Water Bubble
? Nature
- Leech Life
- Liquidation
- Poison Jab
- Wide Guard/Aqua Ring
With Raikou, Entei, and Suicune losing volt absorb, flash fire, and water absorb respectively and having it replaced with inner focus my main question is: Can you transfer pokemon up a generation and maintain their ability if it is no longer available in the next one? If not what determines what their new ability will be?
THE SAME GOES FOR GENGAR LOSING LEVITATE
Goodbye VGC '16. May you burn in the fires of Modor forever.
Ideal moveset for ANinetails and  Lycanroc - Midday?

Got some Apricorn Balls ready to breed for a giveaway I want to do for Xmas but unsure of what moveset for my personal Pokemon
I dont know anything about competitive play but I really want to use midday Lycanroc and was wondering how much potential he has
I want to use Kartana and Tapu Bulu on a team. Any suggestions for what other 4 pokemon + movesets/spreads/etc. would be good? I'd also like to include a mega. 
I'm looking at building a doubles team around raichu, tapu koko, pelipper and araquanid. Any suggestions to work the first 3 into a core for a singles team? 

Raichu @ life orb; modest with thunder, psychic, focus blast and grass knot, holdin

Tapu koko @ terrain extender, timid with thunderbolt, dazzling gleam, volt switch and ?? 

Pelipper @ damp rock; bold with roost, hurricane, scald and u-turn

Araquanid @?? ; bold with aqua ring, leech life, liquidation and ?? 
When I think about Gengar's nerf, I'm not sure how much he's going to be hurt or not by it. Levitate was great, but I think what made him really good was more so his stats and movepool. But I could be wrong.
Would anybody happen to know what happens if Celesteela uses ingrain? Is it grounded? It's the first "airborne" Pokemon to learn it, iirc. 
I think im gonna breed Cutiefly and Pikipek next, any advice on how to build their final evos? I saw cutiefly can learn speed swap which seems interesting to me considering its got 120 base speed
Would building a VGC team around one Tapu and terrains be a god awful idea? Not saying I'd go mono-psychic for a Lele team but I kind of want to build a team with it in mind. Would Oranguru want the terrain?

Sorry if I sound a bit weird with this question. Never truly played VGC before.
First time building a Team to battle my cousin. Currently plan to use 4 mons but don't know with what to complete the Team. Any Ideas? 

Currently used:

Sableye - Taunt opening

Scizor - Defog, Heavy Hitting Attack

Flygon - Fuck his Poison Stallers

Talonflame - Revenge Sweeper

(Maybe) Lapras - Water/Ice 

(Maybe) Lucario - Stone Coverage

Note: This Team is made to beat my cousins Spike Setup/Staller team. We don't use EV training.

Edit: Is there some Software which can show me what would fuck me over/what type coverage im missing? Send help
What nature is better for a CB Buzzwole, Adamant or Jolly? I'm thinking Adamant so I can hit harder but I don't know.
Is it possible while chaining to get to a point where IV's won't increase much more?

A 57 chained ditto I caught had just about the same stats (4 IV's => 29) as a 44 chained ditto-> should I just break the chain around 45?
What kind of movesets and ev spreads do you all recommend on Silvally, since it has base 95 on all stats and has an extensive movepool?
What kind of build am I looking for, for my sandslash adamant nature.
Listen.. I know decidueye is definitely not comp material. But since I'm petty and love my owl boy too much, what would be a good ev spread/moveset for him? I just wanna be able to use him decently in the battle tree, haha
Modest vs timid for Tapu Lele and Lunala? They have good speed, but I don't know if it's good enough to boost to it's max seeing as many pokemon are base 100+ and can outspeed with some investment.

Extra question for anyone that can answer...any good sets for night Lyconroc and lurantis? (Doubles)
I have an adamant Type: Null, with Max EV's in Attack and Speed, I'm wondering what type would be best to use silvally as. I'm thinking  of Fairy Type for a stab physical Multi Attack, along with it's other good physical attacks. Any Other Ideas?
Thoughts for members of trick room teams?

Thinking about both VGC doubles and smogon singles.
Thoughts on a defensive wishiwashi? I'm not asking if it'll be OU or anything just alright. Some friends and I just like to battle each other.
Should I use island guardians? It's my rule to not use legendaries but EVERYBODY Is using them 
Can someone tell me more about the regulations that can be customized in Friendly Competitions? 
Competitive noob here. How good do you guys think Wishiwashi will be in competitive? With 45 base health and base 30 speed, does the base 130-140 in very other stat make up for it? Sash guarantees that you get at least one attack in Schoool forme assuming it is brought in off of a fainted poke since Schooling wears off when a turn ends. Also, what type of attacker would be better? With a SpAtk set, it gets access to HP which widens its really subpar type coverage, but with an Atk set it gets availability to some good moves like U-Turn, Waterfall, Earthquake, even Double Edge if you feel like it'd be worth the risk.
First time plying competitive on the handhelds. So how do you get Pokémon/legendaries that are not obtainable in this game? I'm assuming either trade or transfer from previous games correct?
Also, best nature for solgaleo?
What are the desirable natures on all of the ultra beasts?

I'm asking because I want to know the best on the ones that are version exclusive so I know what to catch/ask for in an even trade. (But I'd like to know the rest, just for completion sake.)
For anyone interested in Battle Spot Singles, I thought that I'd drop a list of the currently most popular Pokemon:

**Extremely Popular**  
Garchomp  
Mimikyu  
Cloyster (Always have an answer for Shell Smash!!)  
Tapu Koko  
Gengar  
Aegislash  

**Notably Popular / Notable Threats**  
Tapu Bulu  
Tapu Fini  
Tapu Lele  
Ninetales-Alolan  
Eevee-lutions in general  
Nihilego  
Celesteela  
Pheromosa  
Azumarill  
Hydreigon  
Porygon2 and Z

If anyone has any questions about battle spot, feel free to ask, I should be able to provide some form of input.
Here's a strategy I'm currently using. I'm making Muk use minimize, then my Oranguru makes him use it again. It usually works out, unless they have a Kartana with smart strike.

Making another post fit feedback on an in game 6v6 team. Purposely limiting myself to smogon rules cuz filthy arbitrary rule slave.

--------

Pre-Bank Rain-Terrain OU

Tapu Koko @ Terrain Extender  
Ability: Electric Surge  
EVs: 252 SpA / 4 SpD / 252 Spe  
Naive Nature  
IVs: 0 Atk / 30 Def  
- Thunder  
- Hidden Power [Ice]  (Grass Knot?)
- Taunt  
- Volt Switch  

Pelipper @ Damp Rock  
Ability: Drizzle  
EVs: 248 HP / 200 Def / 60 SpD  
Bold Nature  
- Scald  
- U-turn  
- Roost  
- Hurricane  (Can't get defog yet)

Raichu-Alola @ Life Orb  
Ability: Surge Surfer  
EVs: 4 HP / 252 SpA / 252 Spe  
Modest Nature  
- Thunder  
- Psychic  
- Grass Knot  (Can't get surf yet)
- Focus Blast  

Garchomp @ Lum Berry  (Mega or Dragon Z or Fire Z?)
Ability: Rough Skin  
EVs: 252 Atk / 4 SpD / 252 Spe  
Jolly Nature  
- Stealth Rock  
- Earthquake  
- Dragon Claw  (Outrage?)
- Swords Dance  (Fire blast?)

Scizor @ Choice Band  
Ability: Technician  
EVs: 248 HP / 252 Atk / 8 SpD  
Adamant Nature  
- Bullet Punch  
- U-turn  
- Pursuit  
- Superpower  

Dhelmise @ Assault Vest  
Ability: Steelworker  
EVs: 252 HP / 148 Atk / 108 SpD  
Relaxed Nature  
IVs: 0 Spe  
- Rapid Spin  
- Power Whip  
- Gyro Ball  
- Earthquake 

--------

Anything in parenthesis is what I would like to change or can't yet.

Other things I'm worried about are:
* Lack of offensive water.
* Should Dhelmise be replaced?
* Tapu koko (mixed or full special?)
* Garchomp lead in general, specifically his viability and final move
Need an opinion on a-Muk for comp. Suggestions on movesets?
This is the first game that I plan to attempt to make competitive teams, but am not sure the different roles on the team that need filled to create a balanced team. I really want to use:

Modest Alolan Ninetails

Light Clay?

Aurora Veil, Freeze-Dry, Moonblast, Extrasensory


Calm Milotic

Leftovers?

Scald, Ice Beam, Toxic, Recover


I am unsure what other types of Pokemon and roles to fill around that, though. Any suggestions?
In sun and moon, should I use my Kommo-o:

Kommo-o (M) @ Leftovers  
Ability: Bulletproof  
EVs: 252 Atk / 4 SpD / 252 Spe  
Adamant Nature  
- Dragon Claw  
- Sky Uppercut  
- Earthquake  
- Dragon Dance

Rather than my hydreigon:

Hydreigon (M) @ Assault Vest  
Ability: Levitate  
EVs: 252 SpA / 4 SpD / 252 Spe  
Timid Nature  
IVs: 0 Atk  
- Dragon Pulse  
- Flamethrower  
- Surf  
- Focus Blast
Pokemon showdown allows the use of Zygarde 10% in the VGC '17 format. The rest of the format is consistent with VGC rules, but I haven't actually seen anything online confirming that zygarde10 is allowed in VGC. Does anybody know if that's just speculation or confirmed?

Assuming it is allowed for use in VGC, what kind of set is best? I've been running a super defensive assault vest version (All ev's invested in def,sdef, and hp) to just try and wear down the enemy team a bit with core enforcer and thousand arrows so that the rest of my goodstuffs team can handle the rest of the opposing team.

Thoughts?
I'm training up a competitive Araquanid and I was wondering what EV spread you guys would recommend. It's got five IVs excluding speed and I was gonna run a wall setup with Leftovers and then Leech Life, Rest, Sleep Talk, and Liquidate. Any suggestions?
Would someone be willing to help me improve my team? I built it on Showdown and I'm doing pretty well with it but I feel like it could be better, and I want to improve it if I can before committing to making it in the real game. Here it is:

Komala @ Leftovers, Ability: Comatose, Careful nature, moveset: Wish, Substitute, Bulk Up, Play Rough

Golisopod @ Life Orb, Ability: Emergency Exit, Adamant nature, moveset: First Impression, Leech Life, Sucker Punch, Poison Jab 

Pyukumuku @ Leftovers, Ability: Innards Out, Impish nature, moveset: Toxic, Soak, Recover, Protect

Mimikyu @ Normalium Z, Ability: Disguise, Adamant nature, moveset: Splash, Shadow Sneak, Play Rough, Leech Life

Torkoal @ Assault Vest, Ability: Drought, Relaxed nature, moveset: Rapid Spin, Earthquake, Lava Plume, Gyro Ball

Alola-Exeggutor @ Sitrus Berry, Ability: Harvest, Sassy nature, moveset: Solar Beam, Flamethrower, Leech Seed, Sunny Day

Thanks in advance for any help! (Also sorry if it's not formatted very well, I'm on mobile)
Rate my competitive team so far - and recommend me movelists! Still figuring it all out 

Crobat - jolly nature (+speed-sp atk) 

Goodra -  modest (+sp atk -atk) 

Primarina - modest (+sp atk -atk) 

Toucannon - brave (+atk -speed, looking back on this i should probably go with an adamant Toucannon) 

Still thinking of the last two pokemon i want on my team. I want a psychic type and a fire but I'm not sure who. Advice greatly appreciated 
I don't have any friends and don't have windows so I can't pokegen, so getting a good ditto will either have to wait until January with pokebank or some generous soul. 

I want to build a team and so far started researching alolan Raichu and Muk combo. They are weak to chomp and marowak at this point so I need answers. 
Are the klefki/prankster nerfs enough to warrant not using one in doubles?
Anyone else really disappointed Eelektross got nerfed besides me, like that was my favorite gen5 pokemon. (It got nerfed in speed so now its as slow as Decidueye) :(
I'm just starting competitive breeding, any advice for a Toxepex wall/staller?
Is there a format that bans legendaries but allows everything els? (ultras are legendary)
Can some one explain to me why everything is a glass cannon?
I'm trying to get back into the competitive scene. The team I'm working on right now is Genesect, Thundurus-T, Garchomp, and Mega Blastoise. Any ideas on who to go for w/ the other 2?
In unofficial UU tournaments, should I use:

Porygon2/Lucario/Cresselia/Metagross/Feraligatr/Crawdaunt? Or who should be replaced?
I'm building a Bug Monotype team in ORAS, and my brother started a new file on my Omega Ruby while I was playing Sun, that and I've lost my copy of X, so that leaves me with the hoenn pokedex to work with plus a few from the safari zone...

So far I have:

• Ninjask

• Shedinja

• Pinsir

• Mega Heracross

Should I just wait until pokebank comes to Gen 7?
I'm new to competitive play. I'm getting back into Pokemon with Sun/Moon, so I havent played the previous titles (except for red/blue back in the day). I didnt know there were tournaments using your handheld, so I'm really interested in learning more. I finally stumbled on to this page: http://www.pokemon.com/us/play-pokemon/about/tournaments-rules-and-resources/ and read through the "Play! Pokemon VG Rules and Formats" doc. I have a couple questions if someone could help me please (quotes are from the doc):

> Players may only use items that have been officially released via Pokémon X, Pokémon Y, Pokémon Omega Ruby, Pokémon Alpha Sapphire, the Pokémon Global Link, or an official event or promotion.

What about Sun/Moon Pokemon? Is this just an old document? Where are the 2017 rules?

> A player’s team cannot contain two Pokémon with the same Pokédex number.

Does this mean that you can't use more than 1 of the same pokemon? Why not just word it like that? Is there a special circumstance I'm not seeing? 

> Pokémon may only use moves that have been learned through normal gameplay or from an official Pokémon event or promotion.

I recently read a guide on how to get Freeze Dry on Vulpix and it seemed like a weird breeding process. Is this considered normal gameplay? To me, its a borderline exploit, so I just wanted to be sure. Bonus question: whats an example of a move that was attained from a Pokemon event or promotion?

> Teams may have no more than two of the following Pokémon in the Battle Box: ...

Wait. No more than 2? I thought you couldnt have more than 1 of the same pokemon? I'm confused. 

> A player’s team must be placed in the Battle Box and remain in the Battle Box unchanged from the beginning to the end of the event.

> Teams must have a minimum of 4 Pokémon.

> Double Battle Format: Each player selects four Pokémon from their Battle Box team to battle with. At the start of the battle, players send out the first two Pokémon in their party, making a total of four Pokémon on the battlefield. Gameplay continues until a player makes all four of their opponent’s Pokémon faint or the game time limit has expired.

So, you can have 4-6 pokemon as your team for the entire event, but for each match, you can only use 4? Is that correct? Neat. Thats like a Pokemon sideboard, right?

And.. thats it. Sorry for the newbie questions :( I appreciate any help! 
I want to run a hail team (A-Ninetales is my new favorite) any suggestions for good mons to compliment A-Ninetales?
What's the quickest way to get a pokemon with perfect IVs, I'm trying to get into competitive Pokemon.
Hi, i'm pretty much new, i know how to get certain natures on my normal pokemon, but how do i go about doing that for pokemon that are legendary or where there's only one available per save? Do i just soft reset and catch until I get what I want? What about for IVs, or do they not matter for legendary pokemon?
As someone who hasn't really played much since Gen 3 but is interested in the competitive scene: Are legendaries a big thing? I've only caught two so far (Tapu Koko and Lunala), but if I've got to reset for good natures and IVs, I will.

Are there different types of tournaments where legendaries are banned, etc? I'd rather do that kind of stuff. 
This primarily pertains to battle spot singles, but I thought that I might share anyways for anyone interested. Ice types seem to be extremely strong right now, as there are TONS of ground types running around, along with general ice weaknesses. Weavile just might be a must-use Pokemon to try out for anyone looking to win some games there, though the only problem with it is that it can't learn Knock Off yet without Pokebank. Beyond that, Weavile beats the extremely common dragon, ground, and ghost types. The only other ice type I've really encountered is Ninetales, but it hasn't really been a problem for me personally and it gets walled or beaten by some threats like Aegislash where Weavile doesn't. For Weavile specifically, something like Night Slash / Ice Shard / Icicle Crash would be the way to go, with the last spot open to coverage like Poison Jab or maybe Pursuit for trapping. I see Focus Sash or Life Orb becoming a huge threat once bank comes out.
What are you guys thinking for AMuk, ADugtrio, and Inceniroar?
I'm looking to get back into competitive Pokemon again, the last time I played was X&Y release. If I am just interested in competitive battling, should I just play Pokemon Showdown or get the new Sun & Moon? Is the scene in Pokemon Showdown a lot more popular/active than on the 3DS?
i want to start getting into competitive pokemon, but i don't know how, can someone guide me?  also how do people get the legendaries exactly the way they want them? (soft reset every time?)
Just a fun, very high risk but high reward Xurkitree set I've been messing around with that some of you guys may wanna try in OU:

Xurkitree @ Psychium Z  
Ability: Beast Boost  
EVs: 8 Def / 248 SpA / 252 Spe  
Timid Nature  
IVs: 0 Atk / 30 Def  
- Thunderbolt  
- Hidden Power [Ice]  
- Hypnosis  
- Tail Glow  

Z-Hypnosis gives +1 speed even if it misses, so pair that with tail glow and you have a ridiculous late game cleaner that is unstoppable once the Pokemon that counter it are gone. It's risky though since you only have 1 shot at Hypnosis unless the Pokemon you try to use it on is forced out by Xurkitree anyways, and when that happens you get 2 chances.

The 8 defence is so Genesect will always get a special attack boost rather than an attack boost when it switches in to limit the damage that U-turn does to Xurkitree.

Counters once set up include: Pheromosa (Outspeeds and OHKOs Xurkitree even at +1), Ferrothorn, Alolan Marowak, Chansey, Gastrodon, Bisharp or strong priority in general (Sucker Punch can possibly KO at 80% or lower), faster choice scarfers (Keldo, Ditto, Scarf Lando-t and Latios, etc), and Sand Rush/Swift Swim/Chlorophyll/Slush Rush users. Note that aside from the walls, very few of these counters will be willing to switch into Xurkitree, so they'll usually have to sack something.

Some good partners include Zard-Y and T-tar (Note: These are Pokebank OU only) to punch holes and eliminate mons Xurkitree struggles with. Tapu Lele to block priority, and scarf Tapu Lele can even eliminate Pheromosa if they don't see it coming. Scizor or other strong priority users also make for nice partners.

Some replays of it in action:

http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen7pokebankou-485527372

http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen7pokebankou-485451184

http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen7pokebankou-485441444

http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen7pokebankou-485430397

http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen7pokebankou-485416674

http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen7pokebankou-485336777

http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen7pokebankou-486179729

Have fun, and let me know if it works for you. :)
Is there a beginners guide for competitive play for this gen? Never really gotten into it before but a lot of my friends are so I figured I'd give it a shot.
how can i get a multiscale dragonite in sun/moon? or better yet is there a way to know it has multiscale during the sos method before catching? and if i breed a multiscale dragonite will the dratini have the hidden ability?
Primarina. It's Sp Attack is amazing and it's typing is great but sometimes I only get to use like 1 move with it before it faints because it's slow. Would it be best on a trick room team with a -speed  +spA nature? Or any suggestions to make it last longer on a non-trick room team? Also, what is a good item to hold?
Is there a way I can make mimikyu and pikachu work well? I know with mimikyu I can either go focus sash swords dance or I can go z splash, my pika has a light ball but is still very squishy.

I'm not super competitive in fact I'm new but my friends play against me all the time and they try hard.

I'm also catching a togekiss today and I wanna get a milotic and a ninetails
How awful is a neutral nature? Got one on my Koko because I was too invested in the story and forgot to reset.
So, Burn Up, I think it's an amazing move with lots of potential. Especially for Typhlosion. Becoming Untyped loses you some STAB, but with how common Fire's weaknesses is, I think it's worth it.

Also I'm really glad to have options beyond the Eruption set.
I'm pretty used to relying on Smogon for my tier lists and such, so being in a situation where competitive methods are just being developed is a little jarring.

Regardless, does ARaticate have any utility so far? He could be tanky and I guess he's got sucker punch for a priority move, but aside from that I haven't seen much online for him. Tips?
I'm testing out teams on Showdown (and because I like using showdown for a relaxed competitive play) I've been using the pre-set EV's and IV's but I'd like to eventually build a team I could recreate in Sun/Moon. Namely a good Eevee team. I'd like to use a baton pass team but that leads a dilemma...

What Eeveelutions do I use and what would be the best moves for them to use to help each other out? I wanna use Jolteon as my main mon in this team so if I could build a test team around it that'd be awesome.
Casual player trying to get into competitive here, what new Gen 7 Pokemon are currently considered the best right now?
Thoughts on this VGC Golisopod? 

Golisopod @ Assault Vest  
Ability: Emergency Exit  
Level: 50  
EVs: 252 HP / 252 Atk / 4 SpD  
Adamant Nature  
- First Impression  (should I pick Leech Life instead?)  
- Aqua Jet  (Or Liquidation?)     
- Poison Jab  
- Rock Slide  

I'm using this with Tapu Bulu because I have Marowak in my team. Other teams are using the Marowak+Gyarados combo, but I'm trying out Goliso for a while. 
Wanna use an araquanid with SleepTalk set and pyukyumyu with baton pass and purify or a-ninetails with aurora veil as core. What other four pokes should I consider? Definitely a Tapu, and poss. A-Raichu, Krabominble, Mega something, or Bewear
Can SoS battle pokemon have egg moves?
If not, is there any way to get stickyweb grubbin/charjabug before Bank gets updated?
I'm not planning to battle against any other people, but I do want to breed some competitive mons for use in the Battle Tree and Battle Royal. Do you have any recommendations? (I know Toxapex is good, as are the Tapus and UBs but I can't really breed the latter 2)
Does anyone here have a HA Jangmo-o? I don't mind bad IVs and nature. Been chaining for hours and still no HA. I badly need one :'(
My mind was blown when my Adamant 252Atk Adaptability Gumshoos (banded) nearly OHKO'd a Toxapex on showdown, with Return. If I had rocks up it may have killed. Doesn't seem that crazy but that is incredible for a wall-breaker.

Obviously Gumshoos won't be OU, but he definitely will be of use, as either an Adaptability wall-breaker, or as a Stakeout trapper.

What do you guys think?
I should be able to use Zydoggo (Zygarde 10%) in competitive and Battle Tree. I trained him all game and now it's a waste :(
I'm pretty new to this competitive thing, and i plan to build a team of what would be a team used by generic NPC like 6 Ratatta/Gumshoos/anything that has obvious weakness(basically i'm ready to lose just for the laugh), would this affect anything? Like is there a ranking system that i should aware of if i plan to take part on the serious side of the comp later?
I'm breeding Dhelmise at the moment, how does this sound competitively? 
Adamant nature
Ability: steel worker
Item: leftovers
-Anchor shot
-power whip
-substitute 
-swords dance 
So if I only started playing pokemon again with sun and moon can I not do competetive post January when all the other pokemon can come over?
Which starter is the most competitive viable this gen? I know it's between Incineroar and Primarina. I feel like Incineroar will be decent, but I haven't looked at much about Primarina other than its stats.
How do I get started with competitive Pokemon? Is it a better idea to do Smogon/Simulator or in game battling? I've heard putting a team together for in game battling is really tedious and it uses doubles format
It's my personal rule 
I'm here reading this thread like "what."
Why are Tapu's and ultra beasts not considered special, battle spot is basically unplayable its just powersavers with perfect UBs and Tapu's and a possibly some of their checks. What a joke that gamefreak can't create a competitive environment even after 20 years.


I ate those Food
https://m.imgur.com/gallery/2H5i2mj

For whatever reason, people love this concept.
http://garfieldminusgarfield.net
Just got through Aether stuff, and thus far Nanu is absolutely one of my favorite characters this gen. I actually laughed out loud at the "rent is cheap," joke.
Now give me my fucking enchiladas.
Where is all the malasada, PERSIAN?
THAT FUCKING PERSIAN. Its Dark Pulse flinched my Passimian 8/10 times. Yeesh. 
A little bit off topic, but a Modest Technician Alolan Persian with Snarl is pretty god damn tits.
I'm Gazorpazorp-fucking-Persian, bitch! Now give me my fucking ~~enchiladas~~ malasadas!
All that's missing is Alola Persian kicking a Rockruff (or other small dog Pokémon) off a counter.
If there's one pokemon whose design I really don't like, it's Alolan Persian. It does look like Garfield of Heathcliff.

It's neat because Meowth is this goofy looking cat who turns into a svelte and regal Persian. In Sun/Moon, Meowth looks foppish and vain - Alolan Persian could look like a more relaxed version of the regular kind, but in a menacing way like some kind of tropical dictator.

EDIT: removed link, was a fake image
> Minor text fix

Heh
personal favorite: 

https://68.media.tumblr.com/052959c439b4774b512a9547d6ba7f3f/tumblr_ofd7n51HsW1req1eco2_540.png 
Gotta have a good meal.
I HATE AWANKENIGS
The fact that the shiny version isn't orange is a mistake on GF's part...
Alolan Gazorpazorpersian.
I think nanu looks like putin
Nice gazorpazorpfield art!
Does that make Odie a Houndoom?
I'm a cat that loves to snooze
i gotta have a good meal
I hated alolan meowth/persian until I met Nanu. Now I want one in his honor.
I gotta have a good meal. Time for a nap, I'm a cat who loves to snooze
I named mine Nermal. 
WHY ARE YOU SO FAT,


PARMESAN
PERSIAN YOU FAT CAT. YOU ARE SO BIG AND FAT. WHY ARE YOU SO FAT. 
No Rockruff Odie?
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=odsPF3BHlWY

Good news! Somebody made this!
/u/Vinesauce
Nanu is easily my favourite character in the game.
That's so perfect.
Love
brilliant!
Who's thinkin' I'm doin'
Please make more
Can we do these and then after awhile take out Persian? Like how they do the Garfield comics with just Jon minus Garfield 
Great job! good laugh
Garfield was my childhood favorite. I love this!
Nanu is probably my favourite new character in Sun and Moon. He's my kind of dude.
>Minor text fix

*T R I G G E R E D*
"Boy, fuck you, Nanu, you dumb, stupid idiot,You dumb, stupid, weak, pathetic, Alolan...uh.. Alolan guilt, milquetoast, piece of human garbage!"
About the only thing that would make it better, would be if we could ride our own pokemon.
Yeah I agree. I keep going to my team menu, thinking I need to summon a Pokemon for an hm but I don't have to!

It's so nice not to have to have a flying type on my team 
My favorite victory road is one where I don't have to bring two HM slaves just to make it through.
I just wish we didn't look so dorky in our riding gear.
It is pretty fantastic being able to have my full team with me at all times vs running 4 pokes on my team and having 2 slaves. 
Every gen I like to do a play-through with a mono type team. I've always wanted to do bug but no bug has ever been able to use surf, so it was never an option. This gen they remove HMs and as a slap in the face give surf to two bugs.
Agreed, although I kinda wish they had kept the item finder as an item rather than making you hold B constantly. Small sacrifice compared to the benefit of not needing HM slaves anymore though!
Riding Summonable Pokemon is a pretty awesome way to replace those. If they keep this, I hope they branch out a bit from having mostly Gen 1 Pokemon though..

It does make good moves like Surf harder to get since its now a hard to find TM instead of a necessary Water move.

Now Water types wont be quite as ridiculously good as they were in most games in the main story.
Yup. I really hope this becomes the standard from now on. Game Freak has a tendency to add and then subsequently remove great features. 
Did they remove field moves? I can't use Dig or more importantly, Sweet Scent. 
Also registering key items are gone as well. The fishing rod is contextual, the bike is now a tauros, and the Itemfinder is Stoutland.

*Yes, Ride Pokemon can be registered. I'm saying that they have replaced key items. 
I miss the bicycle.
One of the things I wish they did with the Flying Charizard was make it like the Latios/Latias flying like in ORAS. Sure it was minor but flying around Hoenn on top of a Latios/Latias was really fun. Was really beautiful seeing how Gamefreak rendered the region as you fly around. 
My only worry is that the ride pager may only be an invention in alola and this will be another one off thing like pokemon following the trainer in the overworld.

I really don't get why gamefreak changes so much between games so often.  Pokemon following is something people liked, but it never came back, for instance.  The interface for online services in Gen 6 was perfect, but it was shoehorned into Festival Plaza in this gen.  Hopefully they can get their shit together in Gen 8 and include DexNav or SOS chaining, PSS, pokemon following, and ride pager all in the same game.
My favorite part of this change is that it has freed up the slots in your team. I have found myself mixing Pokemon and using mons that I would never have used before because I would try and counter having the HM slaves on the team with over leveled sweeper mons. Now I can use a solid mix and have no worries about having to go back and forth between game play and PC team switching.   
I only wish we could get a bicycle though. :/ I miss it. 
I love the freedom it gives me when building a team.
No longer do I need to start each team with a surfer and a flyer. I can now just choose my favourites. My first run through of Sun I didn't use a single water type. Was liberating lol

EDIT: Also how annoying was it when you go to trade a Pokemon and you can't trade it cause it knew a HM. You'd have to quit the trade, go to move deleter and then start the trade again. The HM mechanics were so outdated. Getting rid of them is absolutely my fave new feature of SM
Watch them be back with a vengeance in the next game pair, whatever that is, 8gen, DPPt remakes, Kanto sequels, whatever.
I have been running around with only 5 pokemon, my team feels complete already and I have no idea who fits in that slot 6. I'm so used to having a dead spot for hm.

That said I don't miss HMs at all. 
I hoping this change is kept, but with the emphasis on it being an Alola thing, I'm thinking HMs will certainly return in any remakes, and probably future games. If that's the case, hopefully you don't need a move deleter for them anymore. 
This is true? They removed HMs?!?! Omg. I haven't played yet and I've been perusing the posts here every couple days. This is amazeballs. I don't have to have a dragonite slave now! Omg. You just made my day. Well, whatever day I get it, but you made it! Thank you!
99% of people are glad, there's just a handful of people who for whatever reason love to punish themselves :P
I do miss the bike tho
Me too. I would like to see some changes made to the current implementation of rideable Pokémon (mainly, I want to ride Pokémon I actually have) but the current system is way better than the old one. You can now have any team you want with any moveset you want, and it's only now looking back that I realize how restrictive that HM system was. 
Who isn't XD
Well it definitely is an Alolan thing as field moves are apparently illegal according to the lady who gives you fly.
And along with it, the option of adding a caught pokemon to your team is fucking fantastic! Not something I need later on really but early when I was building my team and had temporary fillers it was wonderful. 
I just hope they keep this in future games.
Genuine question: How do I set the ride pager to the D-pad? I've read the in-game note and looked online but I still haven't found an answer.
The only problem I have with it is how every ride also forces a non-customization costume on the PC. I would love to be able to ride a Tauros without gear, or at least have the option of just using a bike instead.
I just REALLY DISLIKE that you have to wear that ugly ass outfit when you're on a ride Pokémon. It makes me wanna walk everywhere because i just dislike that outfit so much. 
I hate how the music will always change when i ride my stoutland :(
Unpopular opinion: I kinda miss them. I don't know why. Maybe it's nostalgia or maybe I just want to see people suffer.
Enjoy it while it lasts, I'm sure HMs will be back in time for whatever remake occurs next...
Pretty sure 99% of people agree with you on this.
Really one of the best changes they made to the game. Just makes things so much more convenient. HMs have been being less and less prevalent each gen since Gen 5, and I'm glad they are now taken out entirely

Though I do feel bad for the one tourist girl who wasn't allowed Fly due to Alolan law
I was thinking just yesterday: I never realized how much I subconsciously relied on HMs to make my in game team balanced. I always knew from the start that I would need a water type to learn surf, a flying type to fly, something brawny of a different type to learn strength, etc. 
My only issue with riding pokemon is how they can *literally* appear out of thin air. Not only that, but you change outfits too. How the eff does that even work?
Yes. It was always dumb to have space taken up from HM slaves.
Don't worry they'll back for the new remakes or Gen VIII.  

I do miss Field moves. I loved carrying an Abra for the Teleport. It is such a pain walking back to the Pokemon Center before you get fly.
What I do hate is mudsdale, you unlock him at the same time you unlock the barrier to rough terrain, if you just removed the terrain and mudsdale that part would be fine
HM removal and the move effect hints were why I gave Sun/Moon a chance. I am a casual player and frustration over the type matchups and world exploration being tied to which moves my pokemon have learned made me rage quit both gen 5 and 6 games.
Yeah, been so used to worrying about what Pokemon can use which HM that i don't know what to do with myself. It's weird to actually have space in my party for purely pokemon i like and/or strategy. 
Only thing that annoys me is the ride music overriding the music for most areas. Kinda ruins the atmosphere a little.
Been replaying B2W2 and I can't agree more.
THANK FUCK
The only ones I truly hated were Flash (looking at you, ORAS... I was so happy I didn't need it in XY...) and Strength. 

But this system is much better.
This is the first time I built an in game team without a flying or water type. Maybe not as balanced, but I get to pick who I want to use. Also the biggest change about HMs that I like is that we don't have to surf or fly on the back of this bluish generic pokemon thing, and instead get the real thing. I love being carried around by machamp.
G
Whoa, slow down there, tiger, are you implying there are people that are UPSET they got rid of HMs?
Riding Pokemon>HM's but we should be able to use our party Pokemon for the riding. 
The Move Deleter is pretty much obsolete now.
A-fucking-men
and yet the rides are just HM bikes and Charizard is just the Fly HM. Maybe next time they will let us do a bit more
Most of the HMs didn't bother me. Cut, Flash, and pre-Gen IV Rock Smash were bullshit though.
Now if only they would stop giving so many things confuse ray and sand attack
I think pretty much everyone is, and fangames have been doing it for quite a long time
Honestly this made it my favorite game.
i still have a slave pokemon. someone who has either hold back or false swipe, and can still plow through pokemon when i need to.

fuck yeah snorlax.
I think we can all agree on this one.
Honestly, they should just do away with the "item gate" progression, HM or no, and make it "beef gate" progression instead. It would make Pokémon feel more open.
People have been complaining about these for years if they didn't get rid of them fans would be very pissed
Good input.
Whats the point of this thread? Easy karma?
I actually wish they'd kept the HMs. Yes pokemon riding is more convenient, but HMs were designed to force players to vary their teams up, to train more pokemon,  a key aspect of the games entire philosophy. HMs had so much potential, if only GF had actually tried to make them useful moves and emphasised the power at a price motif they have. Instead very few HMs were ever worth wasting a move slot on, and so people just caught HM slaves to progress instead of trying to raise a more versatile team, as was the original intention.
I hope they give more uses for the pagers though. Was very little places to use strength apart from the ruins, also very little places to surf.


How does the lack of HM's make it easier to fix people's cars?
Hahah.  Twist:  Even if you win, the boxes are still not unpacked.
If you lose she'd say

"Sigh... Like father like child."
I wouldn't say every game has a surprise champion XY was fairly obvious 
You beat the Elite 4, but when you walk into the last room one of the Elite 4 members tells you that the Champion isn't there to defend their title, so you win by default. Rather than going to the credits after registering into the Hall of Fame, you're in your house next to your bed. When you go downstairs your mom tells you she regrets being too busy to watch you conquer the League, so she wants to see your strength now in a battle. You follow her outside, and all the important people from your journey are there to watch the match. Most people think it's just a demonstration of the new Champion's stength; a couple people like the professor hint that this will be an interesting battle or that you shouldn't take it for granted. When you talk to your mom she tells you how proud she is, but your title is an empty one unless you defeat her - the former Champion.
Why mom? Expose dad! We all know he's secretly being a champion *somewhere* except for Hoenn. :P
and it was now revealed that yo momma is the Masked Royal
No! She needs to be the villain!

"I'll box every single thing for eternity! Mwuahahaha!"
I think it'd be really cool to do this, but try to throw us off beforehand. Have our mom repeatedly say things like "Pokemon battles are such a waste of time." or implying that she doesn't like the idea of going on a journey but she loves you and it's your choice to go or not. Try to be subtle not too blatant about it. Just in general give the idea that your mom isn't a huge fan of Pokemon in general and then reveal that it's because she's cynical about Pokemon from her time as Champion.

And then knowing GameFreak it'd have to end with some sort of rekindling of her love of Pokemon because of your victory over her.
"Guzmaa Region" all of my yes. 
She can't even unpack luggage tho. :/
I want this as badly as I want an evil professor 
"Hey, you know who the champion is?"

"... Who?"

"YOUR MOTHER!"
The fangame Pokemon Zeta/Omicron has your mom as the champion with her signature Mega Ditto. 
Well we almost had that in DPPt... but in contests, your mom is occasionally a competitor in the master rank if i recall correctly.
Your mom was a champ in every Pokemon game :)
You thought it was the champion but it was me, your mom!
isn that basically the plot of this game but with your friends evil mom
I remember seeing an idea a while back to just kind of see your mom around the region as you're playing the game, not drawing attention or anything but she's there, and it turns out to be because she's the champion and active within the region.
Your mom in most of the games talks about how she used  to be a Pokemon trainer so it makes sense.
I read this and the post above and thought it said "The next games should have Hau be the champion." I guess that would be interesting, too.
Then she looks at her kid who's looking at the ruined cookies on the ground with tears in their eyes and the entire match has to be postponed because she needs to make more cookies.
I thought about this for Sun/Moon before they came out. I thought maybe you could live with your dad. He only mentions your mother a couple times, as a remarkable trainer with great skill. You never actually meet her throughout your journey, unlike all other champions. There are other "red herring" characters that show up to assist you along the way and seem to be champion material.

But when you make it to the end, either thinking you know who the champion is or being brutally stumped and excited to find out. Walking into the Champion's Chamber, you find a mysterious woman. She welcome's you, but upon looking you over closely, she says "...wait...SON/DAUGHTER?!" You have a somewhat sweet and sour reunion, followed by an epic battle between the champion and her beloved child.
I thought about how that would be pretty sweet too some time ago.  

Somewhat like your dad in Hoenn being a gym leader except don't even mention it.  
just have you be on the elevator to the champion and then BAM : League Champion [Mom] would like to battle.  

Maybe even make it so that you "choose" your starter by remembering which pokemon came out of the egg your mom got you before starting your journey (so not actually physically choosing it at the moment itself) and then make her have the same starter as you, so your starter is implied to be the child of your mom's strongest pokemon.
Or how about instead of a professor giving you your first pokemon, it's like... your dad doing it.

I mean come on, I got so pissed when Norman gave dumb shit a Zigzagoon to catch a Ralts. It's not like he gave you anything other than a badge when you whooped him.
I'd like to see a game where the Professor is your father
So then I can say I fucked your mom after I beat her
You try and change your Pokémon:

"Your mothers words echo in your ear~"
How do you get brought up your whole life having no idea of your mums occupation hahhaha
Can we just get a responsible father figure for once? Lol.
I want a Pokemon game where we're raised by our Dad, and it turns out our Mom divorced our Dad and left us after we were born to continue her career as a Pokemon trainer.  


Actually in Pokemon Zeta your mom really is the champion
Or your long last dad
I wish they'd show us the dad...he exists...but he's just never ever there.
Hey, thats very similar to Angelic Layer.
Can we have your rival/best friend also be the professor, but in training? 
Should be you dad instead. You just go in thinking it's a normal champion but instead of saying VS CHAMPION GUZMAA its vs CHAMPION DAD?????
I wouldn't say every champion is surprising. In fact, if my memory serves me right, I think that a good amount of champions actually tell you that they are the champions beforehand. 
I was discussing with a friend a while ago about a game where your mom is the champion of a corrupt Pokemon League, while your dad is the evil team boss, and you get to decide which one you would follow. Extremely unlikely to ever happen, but I think that would be pretty cool.
In before Meowth owns your Pokemon team like he owned your mom last night.
I'm afraid of what the r34 people will do with this idea o.o
I'd love to see the mom be a skilled trainer for once 
Play Pokémon zeta. 
she should have a golden Karp with the most op move set 
That would be great
buy peptides online high quality research peptides for sale low prices highest 99.8 Pure
Idea I had:


You live with both your mom and your dad (SHOCKING! I know). At the start if the game, both of them are home. Both of your parents are pokemon Breeders, but Dad runs the family business while Mom sometimes disappears, presumably on "business trips". You meet her throughout the region, where she offers you advice, items, maybe even a tutorial on competitive breeding. You'll also meet six Pokemon close to the family: the house pet, two Pokemon in "intensive care", and three others of some sort.


After you unlock access to the Pokemon League, mom is gone from home entirely. Dad says she is gone on a very important job. You brush it off and fight your way through the Elite Four...


Only to find your mom at the end of the line.


Depending how many times you came home for heals and talked to Mom, she will either be completely surprised, pleasantly surprised, warmly expectant, or just plain impatient.


And did I mention she was a Pokemon Breeder? Perfect IVs, optimized EVs, Hidden Abilities, and strategies straight out of competitive. Her ace? The Mega Evolution of the family pet.


After beating her the first time and claiming the championship for your own, she'll come back as one of your challengers from time to time, with an even more ridiculous team.
Oh yeah? Well your mom likes pokemon so much, she's actually the Pokemon Champion!
Plot twist: you win the championship and your mom rewards you by telling you where dad has been all these years
hey its me ur mom
Dad would be cooler as champ
Or for once let the game start with us as the Champ and then the villain teams boss defeats you and steals your Pokemon and sends you home crying just to start their reign of terror in the region and you have to fight through the gyms and defeat the leaders of their organisation to go back and be able to challenge the man/woman who took everything from you. 

And post-game is that you can either defeat your friendly rival/mate and keep being the Champ or lose/forfeit and go to another region to start anew in order to become better.

Seriously GameFreak, I came up with that while pooping - are you guys even trying?!
It would almost be as random and disappointing as kukui being the "champion."
I wish they would do the Gen V thing where they mimicked fighting games chunking down the health instantly then having a provisional bar catching up to the loss

It was a lot more satisfying

Edit: For those who are denying it, I know I'm not crazy, but it was pretty inconsistent. Still happened though. 

https://youtu.be/6H-pnmoX10Q skip to like 4:40 is the best example I can pinpoint but other battles (I searched up battle subway vids to see more) have it sometimes.
To me it seems like every health bar animation happens in the same amount of time. Losing most of a health bar will look much faster than 1 HP if they both have a .5 second time period to spread it over.

That being said, I agree with you, and get annoyed by it often. Especially when the enemy is at 1 HP and I see that little bit move across like 3 pixels horizontally. 1 HP EQUALS 1 FRAME OF MOVEMENT AND NO ONE WILL TELL ME DIFFERENTLY.
It really bothers me. I constantly think it's not going to kill because of the speed.
I think that's just to get you on you toes with every blow. Even though we know for sure it'll faint when the bar starts slowing down we start crossing our fingers and ask for divine intervention 
Totally agree -- it gets me when I'm trying to catch SOS Pokémon.

Like essentially if I deal a killing blow to a Pokémon A at partial health, the health bar goes down slow, so it looks like I just barely killed it. Then I use the same move on Pokémon B, and it does way more damage than I intended, sometimes killing it.

Yeah yeah, there's false swipe, blah blah blah, I get it. Regardless, this feature makes it hard to predict consistent damage (critical hits notwithstanding), and the tension that adds seems artificial and pointless.
It's super annoying. Even at 1 HP (sturdy) it looks like they are actually losing like 50 hp when you hit them.
Even though the speed changes, the duration doesn't.

I could be in an SOS battle and one Pokemon could be at 100% while the other is at 30%.  If I knock both out, their HP will drop to 0 at the same time.
I always panic a little bit when they are at about 20% and I hit them with a non effective move to save PP. It got kind of annoying since I know it will kill them but a part of me always has doubts. :/
DUDE. I hate it. The games should have options for health bar drain speed, including an Instant speed, with it set to fast for online play to prevent desynchs.
i've always experienced it in a way that attacks with alot of special effects (dragon ascent etc) make the health bar move faster

edit: also nothing wrong with your English 
I think it's for Tension, so it gets more tense if the opponent's Pokemon HP is low and it slowly ticks away and you hope that it does or something along those lines.
To clarify what's happening, there's a timing sequence on the dealing damage animation. Don't quote me but something around 1.5 seconds and it's constant. So no matter how much damage you did (100% health or 2% health) it'll take 1.5 seconds to animate that. 

With that being said, I absolutely hate it. It doesn't allow you to gauge how strong your second/cleanup attack was. And the anticipation like "is it gonna live with 1 hp or die? "
I believe the intent was for the health bar to stop moving when the battle animation finished. It does confuse me a bit when things are low on health, but I got use to it pretty quick.
My favorite is how long it takes to knock out something with 1 HP left.
Your English is excellent. You don't need to worry about being understood.
I hate it when pokemon have sturdy my god that 1 hp takes forever to go away 
OMG I was so annoyed by this too
Only with Decidueye's Z move. Shit is so long and I never know if its going to kill because the animation AND the health bar is slow
Fuckin deadset on the same page, driving me fucking insane
It never really bothered me, other then tense me up early in the game, though it is strange to think about. Logically it shouldn't go down slowly as it suggests minimal damage being taken or a lot of HP being drained (like how KOing a Blissey has the slowest HP drain ever)
I'm pretty sure DPPt had something similar. 
Don't remember noticing untill sun/moon. It's quite annoying, I understand they are trying to make the battle more dramatic like maybe the opponent will hold on. But it could easily make someone confused whether or not the move should be used in the future
Using False Swipe to bring them to literally 1 HP, the next move used against it will tick once or twice into that red bar, I don't understand. 
This is what they get when they lerp the health bar over time rather than frames. This is one of the few times when a developer shouldn't be using Time.deltaTime in their animation calculation! D= 
Holy shit it's awful, fights against Pokemon with sturdy already take longer than they should. I wish it was a constant speed rather than the "dramatic effect" thing it does. Honestly the only complaint I have with this game.
It's so it always takes the same time regardless of hp. If it takes 2 seconds (example) it would visually seem like it takes more to go from 100% to 0% then from 1% to 0% since the distance would be lesser, same time but less distance means less speed as well. 

It infact always take same amout of time it just seems like it takes a lot longer.

The change from the previous gen was that before it was based on the animation of the move and the "Strike" so a move like Aerial Ace which was almost instant to strike would have a lightning fast "hp reduction animation" compared to something like surf would. Surf would be slowed down to fit the attack's animation.
Think of it as toothpaste. 90 % of the tube will disappear in the first week and the other 10 will last a couple months. Same concept.
Probably in the minority, but I like it. Helps keep tension at the end of those tough fights, and makes the game feel more intense than it'd otherwise be. But I also prefer tension and challenge than feeling like I have an overpowered team, so it's just a difference in preference.
When it first happened I got so nervous, wondering if I activated a defence boost or something without realizing. 
I noticed this as well. Basically, the health drain animation lasts the same no matter how much hp is lost. losing 90% takes x amount and losing 10% also takes x amount to drain.
It was annoying for me until I figured that it was just to let the animation finish. Its doesnt make alot of sense if you see a 100% and 30% side by side. But I'll watch the pretty pictures in the meantime :P
i think that it's needs to be there only for important fights, and not every fight. it is annoying, but if you're about to defeat a tough pokémon, then its a nice effect 
I dislike the changing depletion speed and also how the bars aren't perfect rectangles. Also don't like that the blue wavy stuff behind the health bars always makes me think of this:

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallpaper/comments/3abcvy/solo_cup_jazz_pattern_1920x1080/
It would speed things up if I didn't have to watch the bar slowly disappear so it bothers me. Luckily they still let you disable battle animations.
Yeah this is a huge issue for me. The issue isn't that there are different health bar speeds, rather that there is only one speed. No matter how much health you take away, it will always take the same amount of time to show. This is especially irritating when you have false swiped something down to 1hp and it takes ages to drop the single hp point I already know they have.
YES, this bugs the crap outta me. No idea why they changed it.

Edit: I also always loved the way the HP bar depleted slower the more max HP a Pokemon had. It gave the battles a slightly different feel once you got late into the game and had to get through bigger HP numbers.
I loved it when in earlier games the speed was coupled to the amount of HP. The most overwhelming aspect about my first fight against Red back in Gold wasn't the high levels of his Pokémon or that intimidating "..." atmosphere. It was the sheer slowness of the HP bar sinking when I hit his Snorlax with my strongest attacks because of the insane amount of HP of that monster. This is what I remember when I think back to that time. The sinking time being set to a default 1 second or something, regardless of actual damage done, actually makes me kinda sad.
I find it really annoying kinda like how the battle text speed in DP was super slow. 
I believe this has been around since X/Y, yea its anxiety inducing like "ahhh are they not going to be KO'd?!"
Actually, I completely agree. This is like my only complaint with it so far. 
I thought I was the only one ;3; I also dislike the amount of unnecessary dialogue. And the success rate of the Pokemon calling for help...
Gen III had it right. The battle animations were so quick and fluid. Reason it is still my favorite generation
I'm fairly sure this mechanic was in at least 1 other game. Maybe more. It is a bit odd that they do it though.
The worst is Deucideye Z power, the bar will always drain slowly even if full, makes me wonder if it will ko or not...
When a pokemon takes like 4 hp burn damage, I notice it goes SUPER slow.
It does make it harder to estimate damage for things. 
I was annoyed at first, but then I started to see when I got hit by a move, if the health bar moved really fast i knew it was going to be a hard hit, and slow if it moved slow. It's kinda like a suspenseful type thing. I think it's fun
Yeah it really bugs me, makes me nervous every time that I didn't do enough damage.
Yes a million times yes!
I noticed this last gen so I don't think it's new.
Typical pokemon battle:

Smash with Hammer arm: take down 2/3 of health

Me:Oh boy! Got your ass now

Smash with Hammer arm again

Slowly start taking down health centimeter at a time

Me: WTF THAT JUST TOOK DOWN 2/3 WHAT IS GOIN....oh yeah, ok got em



I only get a bit annoyed with it when I'm using Sinister Arrow Raid (Decidueye's Z-Move) since the HP goes particularly slow in that one for me. It's probably so the user can see the full finishing animation, but it still gets on my nerves just the tiniest bit.
omg im not alone
I'm cool with it for purely nostalgic reasons. The slow deteriorating health at the end specifically reminds me of Red/Blue/Yellow and gives me Champion Blue flashbacks. It was a neat little detail
Yeah, this is one of my least favorite changes to Gen VII.  That an no longer being able to sit down in most chairs.
Not sure if its for other Z moves, but Decidueye's Sinister Arrow Raid, it just crawls all the way down slow as can be and I never know if it's going to KO or just leave them with a sliver of HP.
I completely understand what OP is saying, I just don't think it is new to SUMO. I think the effect is maybe a tad more noticeable when the game lags a bit on OG 3Ds hardware. The bar drop seems to take longer when the AI is getting ready to animate the round. 
When I hit some pokemon with Decidueye's z move they're health bar goes down really slowly and I'm never sure if I got the KO or not until it's over. It's reminds me of pre-MHTri health bars where you have no idea how much health you have until those grueling 5 seconds are over.
I assume this was done to add tension. 
Gen 3 had the best speed for this kind of thing. If you one shot something the health bar would shoot down to the end. It was really quick and efficient, but ever since diamond and pearl the health bar has gone done annoyingly slowly. Not to mention the animations, although cooler in the new generations, are so much faster in gen 3.
This happened to me on other games too.
This has always been a thing, I think it just hasn't been as extreme
It annoys me every single time. I think it's only there to let time for the attack animation to finish (Pokemon going back to its place)
at least its not as annoying as gen 4. "oh this pokemon you just took down has a high hp stat? let me just take 12 seconds to deplete this bar"
I don't really understand how it works, but I like how certain Z-Moves where the animation continues after the first hit (like Decidueye's) cause the bar to move really slowly so it won't stop before the animation is done. 
yes, this annoys me so much.. they should've calculated the speed based on how much it would take if it was at 100%, not based on how much it actually takes after capping it to 0 health..
I think this is most annoying for chip damage like Sandstorm, Hail, poison, or burn damage.  I don't mind it as much for attacks because, like others said, at least you could say it's more suspenseful.
I think its for some reason designed so that the HP drop 'time' is always consisent whether you're knocking off a billion hp or one hp. Its an odd choice. Perhaps it saves coding?
Yeah I've never liked it since last gen...gen 5 had it perfect imo
I find it annoying as well
No, it bugs the shit out of me. It doesn't make sense and it always scares me that I will mysteriously not deal enough damage and the opponent's Pokémon will still be standing.
That bugs me too. It makes really strong attacks feel super weak.
It's not a Sun/Moon thing, it's been happening at least since X/Y. Bugs me, too.
This happened in one prior gen (DPP I believe) and I assumed the reason it had been taken out was how obnoxious it was. 
I hate it. Thank you for pointing it out.
Noticed it also and it is annoying.
Nope. Pisses me off to no end. 
Anything is better than gen 4 HP Bar
I noticed this as well and it is so annoying. I keep thinking 'crap that attack didn't work properly' but then feint, I win. 
not sure with the other starters, but have you seen the slowness of Decidueye's Z-Move? i tell you, you'll hate it.
didn't this happen in diamond and pearl?
everyone know what you are talking about, but pretty sure every gen does this. it's always irked me and I'm used to it now.
I definitely agree.  However I think this has been happening before sun and moon.
This happened a little bit in Gen 6, but it definitely wasn't as noticeable.

The best example of this is Aerial Ace. While the health bar goes down **faster** with this move, it is still a different speed than normal.
As polished as the rest of the user interface is, this annoys me deeply.
Nope. I find it annoying it seems so slow sometimes. 
I think it's a waste of time. It's such a small detail that didn't need to be in the game. Losing hp is losing hp, it doesn't need to be sugar coated.
I don't care to it.. annoying for real was the chansey on victory road in RBY versions, healing herself and taking 10 minutes to be defeated cause her hp was so big it took lots of seconds to go down


Fuck I was just about to make a post about this, it's really annoying. I'm constantly second guessing whether my attack will actually KO or not because of how slow it goes down once it gets to ~33%
Yeah that's annoying! I always feel like my attack won't finish the opponent off and then it does. Why does it do that?
Very annoying in the case where you're doing things with high level mons. Having to wait for every small hit that isn't even enough to out-damage the Leftovers.
Oh, is that what has been happening? I kept getting confused, thinking that it wasn't going to knockout my opponent.

That is an odd change.
I noticed that too and it does annoy me.
Hasn't this been the case since gen 4?
Yes, it drives me nuts.
It's because the health bars are actually rendered in 3d too, but we only see the front, so they cause extra lag. :P
Yup really annoys me. I noticed it pretty quickly, I kept thinking my moves weren't as effective as I thought and it's not going to actually faint/die. 
I totally noticed this yesterday, my high level Pokemon was chaining lower ones.  So they're at low hp but my op grass knot still whittled away slowly like they're maybe not going to die.  
Another issue I hate is how it's not a straight bar, but is angled. It's more difficult for me to judge if I can 2HKO the poke or if it will be left with <10% hp
Yes. It seems to be sluggish depending on the effectiveness. It feels like diamond and pearl all over again. 
I agree,I love everything else about the game, but this really annoys me.
It's most likely coded to have the complete animation of lowering the health at the same amount of time every time so it looks slower when there is less damage done.
You know what they could've done?

If the Pokémon had 100 max HP or less, the number of frames it would take for HP to go down should equal to the HP lost. Otherwise frames would = % lost if there is more than 100 max HP. Best of both worlds.
Yeh its really fucking annoying. I miss seeing it just instantly disappear from gen 5.
Yeah, I hate it too, as it makes me get a small heart attack worrying if I didn't kill it every time..
I feel like this has been a thing for longer than just this gen. I wanna say I remember this in gen 6 at least.
I also find it annoying
I remember this being a thing all the way in Ruby/Sapphire
This, and the pause before fading out (and the general fade time) when swapping screens (particularly evolution -> replace attack) being incredibly slow, both get on my nerves at times.
You aren't alone
Decidueye's Z move scares me into thinking that it didn't kill. Guess it really is a Ghost type move 
The bar drains in the same amount of time. So if it takes 2 seconds to drain the entire bar, they'll make it take 2 seconds to drain 2 HP as well. It's probably easier to code it that way would be my guess, and they likely didn't think it'd be that big of an issue, but it is super annoying.
It has the same animation time for each HP drop apparently. I think it's mostly fine, but it should take overkill into account. It describes a low damage attack nicely to see the bar go down slowly, but when I destroy a creature with 10% hp left with a goddamn hyper beam I want the health bar to vanish faster than Rattata can do a quick attack!

So basically I find it annoying whenever the attack knocks a Pokemon out.
Yes! I thought my opponent suddenly had increased defense and was gonna stay alive. It does it everytime so yeah very annoying. 
I know what you mean - though my experience is also that different moves will take down hp at different speeds.
me and my brother were talking about this the other day, it gets annoying at time 
I thought I was the only one to notice this
I guess it's a matter of taste. I thought it was annoying at first, but I think it's meant to make the game a little more dramatic, which actually I appreciate. 

The battles are more difficult, it's harder to run from wild Pokemon and it seems like it's harder to catch wild Pokemon as well. I appreciate all of these additions that make the game slightly more stressful, as I think it's more entertaining, and Pokemon was a cafe-walk in recent games. 
The only thing that annoys me about the game is how long it takes to get in and out of battles!

It seems to take ages to get bacn into game once finish the battle 
No, you're not. This exists in the Gen 6 games, too, only it has nothing to do with HP remaining. Different move types deplete the bar at different speeds, not even kidding. Flying and Fairy moves do it the fastest; Dragon is fairly slow. Try this out on a Blissey or some other high-HP Mon, you'll see what I mean. No idea what Game Freak was thinking on this one...
I 100% agree.  And am I the only one who noticed that dazzling gleam super effective in pokemon x made the health bar go down faster than any other move in the game?  Maybe I'm crazy, but it totally seemed that way.
I like it, tells me earlier how much damage i actually did and i can start planning further earlier.
I always thought it had to do with how effective the move was and sometimes the level difference. Like if you hit a Grass type with a Fire move, the bar would just insta-drop, but hitting a Fire type with a Grass type move would make it slowly crawl down a bit. I think it is a Gen 6+ thing (including ORAS), didn't really ever see that in Gen 5 and below.
I know what you mean. It used to be that when you did a one hit k o', or the last move you used took out the last of their health, the bar would move quickly. You could almost predict the results of your moves before the bar stopped moving. Now it seems to be just random. 
Im retarded. I thought that this was some post on another sub, and got really confused by the title.
It annoys me as well, and I remember that it annoyed me while playing Alpha Sapphire too. So I'm pretty sure it's not a new thing.

I wish it were the same speed universally!
I believe it's based on the animation of whatever move.
AFAIK?
yeah dude.

also the timing is completely off on some of the audio effects. like when you catch a pokemon, the second part of the fanfare is significantly slower than the first.
You seemed completely fluent in english. Anyways, i agree. When i'm SOS hunting and i KO a mom with 1 HP left (from false swipe), the bar takes forever. 
I don't know, when I use Decidueye's Z-Move on an opponent that takes neutral damage or Super-Effective damage, it drains really slow, even if it's a OHKO. 
Doesnt it take the same amount of time to change regardless of how much damage is done?
I remember really slow health bars in gen 4 (and possibly earlier), gen 5 and 6 had it right then they regress to this bullshit. 
This has always been the case (Or at least in Gen VI.)
I ALSO HATE THIS
It's been in every game and yes it's fucking annoying. The worst offenders were gen 2 & 3.
I noticed this and it has really bothered me. I don't know about Gen V because it's actually the only pokemon game(s) I've never played, but I definitely noticed it in Sun/Moon and it's super annoying. It may have happened in previous games but it seems a lot more extreme in this one. 
no its really annoying when 1 hp takes 10 seconds to melt
Thank god it bothers other people too. Its been driving me insane, and I've been doing everything I can to try to forget it, but it's hard when I have to watch health bars in battle.
It make it more tense in my opinion
>am i the only one

lemme stop you right there
I just want z moves to be skippable
I think X/Y also had the same thing. Black 2/White 2 had the best health bar visuals AFAIK.
I think they did that so the animation was visible to avoid the "the HP disappeared" effect.
SOOOOOOOO Annoying, made me hate using my Skill Link Toucannon
I was honestly wondering if other people hated this too. I'm glad I'm not alone. It doesn't "feel" good, and it's annoying.
Yes
it is SUPER ANNOYING. Gamefreak needs to patch this game there are lots of little things that need to be fixed. 

Health bar speeds, flying z-move animation, pokemon centre saving glitch, SOS battle frequency, waiting 2-3 seconds after choosing a move for the battle to continue... 
I don't because I remember the slowness of the DPP health gauge.
I think this happens with all games not just sun and moon.
That's always happened haha. But it's so great when you just one hit someone and their bar just straight disappears
Yes it's just you, also they did this so they can time the health bar dropping with animations for longer attacks (read as long as Z move animations) and so in double battles both Pokemon will die at the same time from the same attack. 
With the millions of people who play pokemon, no, you are not the only one. Me personally i like it and i am not gonna ask "am i the only one?" because i also know that with the millons of people who play pokemon, i am not the only one. What's the point of the question?
(sorry for my rudeness, rough day)
I get you. I turned off all the effects to make the battles go faster and then there's this shit. And the Z moves man. Why? I've stopped using them because I don't want to wait for the character to do a stupid dance with that shit-eating grin on his face.
Battle is super slow for me in general. If the opponent has a status effect, every turn has a noticeable 1-3 second lag between selecting an attack and the actual combat. Are other people experiencing that? I have a 2DS, bought pretty much as soon as the 2DS came out. My husband has a regular 3DS, but not the XL, one of the first run of 3DSs, and he doesn't have that lag.
Isn't the whole battle sequence slower in generation 7? so i would assume the health bar's depletion rate is slightly slower as well.  
I thought it was the emulator doing it.
Off guy 5 G f guy ft GT ft GT ft GT g gf ffgffffp
Agreed. Sun and moon are by far some of the greatest Pokemon games regarding story. 
I want Guzma to finally become a Trial Captain or Gym Leader (because of the 8 empty lots) after disbanding Team Skull.
Completely agree, although Emerald/Platinum were more the third game than a sequel.

 I'm really hoping that perhaps Pokemon Stars will involve us going to Kanto, and perhaps even more regions to follow Lillie's adventures and broaden ours. Preferably I'd like to see it continue with the MC, Lillie did promise that she'd travel together with us, so I do hope that we'll still get to see that to some extend.
I want it too mainly because i love trials and Z- Moves and i think they'll be gone in the next game.
>Pokemon games like Emerald, Platinum, and B &W 2 were all sort of sequels.

You're forgetting about Crystal. And only BW2 were proper sequels. Crystal, Emerald, and Platinum were alternate tellings of the original games while also adding bonus features.
I'd say it is pretty guarenteed we'll be getting it.  
it's just a shame we have customizable avatars instead of preset looks now cause it makes moments like the red fight in Gen II pretty much impossible.  

but just what Sun/moon is implying : they are building new facilities in all the major cities.  
which all JUST SO HAPPEN to start the preparation of it all just as the league was finishing up.  
I haven't counted all of the construction sites yet, but I wouldn't be surprised if we end up with 8 of those spots.   

There is also a guy that is "gonna make a park filled with prehistoric pokemon" somewhere on the second island  

Lusamine's husband is also an unresolved plotpoint and there is a third Type:NULL still in stasis.  
And in general they just didn't really do anything with the UB's yet storywise.  

If Alola doesn't get an actual sequel, then gamefreak has officially crossed over into crazy town.
Would be interesting to get a pseudo-spinoff-sequel where you play as Lillie in Kanto, becoming a trainer. Basically like a regular main game, but no silent protagonist, Lillie has dialogue and stuff. Always wondered what a Pokémon game would be like with an established protagonist with a personality, instead of a player avatar.
Solar Eclipse/Lunar Eclipse
I'll go even further and say it wont make sense for them NOT to do a sequel. They set it up. Hau talking about his father, Lillie going away to take care of her mother, Anabel being from a different timeline...
The games establish the story very well. Moon was the first pokemon game (maybe second after fifth gen) where I actually care about the characters and the story. 

There are some loose ends that could be tied up in a potential sequel. If we get a third game, a la Emerald, that would be ok. But what we really need are sun/moon 2. Or a third game that is actually a sequel instead of the same game with a slightly different story.
Pokemon Eclipse? I like the sound of that
 Technically, Emerald/Platinum were special versions rather than sequels. B2/W2 was the only direct sequel.
I've been thinking about a Kanto sequel, one where Lillie is your character's rival
The only problem with this is GameFreak is terrible at sequels.

- GS were sequels to RBY.  It sort-of worked because the story in RBY wasn't that involved, but Team Rocket was so pathetic in Johto.  They did bad stuff to do bad stuff, took over a town for continuity's sake, but really weren't that much of a threat.  The level curve was super messed-up because they included two regions and wanted the player to end up in the same level range.  Kanto was a shell of its former self, having been compacted rather than expanded, and Johto was small and somewhat rushed with a huge focus on caves (most of which looked the same).

Yes, it did a lot right (Red on Mt. Silver, postgame region) but as a continuation of RBY's story, it fell a bit flat.  Everything that was important and exciting in Kanto was reduced and sad - Viridian Forest was cut down, the caves were made tiny, the building in Vermilion was never finished, the Pokemon Tower was destroyed and a Radio Tower was put in its place, etc.

HGSS fixed this a bit, but those weren't the original sequels.

- For BW2, someone in GameFreak completely admitted that they had no preplanning; they only happened because someone in Nintendo went "No, you cannot do 2 third versions(which they planned to do for the Key system).  Make it a sequel instead."  It shows.  Team Plasma was no longer interesting, and instead had been relegated to bad guys who were bad guys just because.  N's story wasn't continued; he shows up, but gets very little character development.  Hilbert/Hilda did not show up, despite there being data for them doing so.  Ghetsis does not get character development, and they do the exact same thing with him that they did before.  There are a few new towns, but a good portion of the game is exactly the same as it would be if this was just a third version, just with a tacked-on plot.  Colress really wasn't that compelling of a villain, and in fact seemed hardly connected to Plasma despite being their new pseudo-leader (I mean, he directly helps you by giving you the Colress Device and hint-hinting where their base is).

While they do have an amazing post-game and new features, those have nothing to do with the story, or their status as sequels.

This is why I'm wary of GameFreak attempting sequels for these.  If done wrong, it'll weaken the ending.  Granted, anything would be better than the treatment XY got.  Kalos felt incomplete when they came out (mostly lack of post-game, though), and it does even more so now.
I think they will get some sort of sequel. Did you notice as you traveled from town to town there were building foundations that looked like they were under construction? I think these spaces will become the future gyms of the alola region. It's not a super great theory because that's all it's founded on but it makes sense to me.
Since we got virtual console releases of gen 1 earlier this year, remakes of gen 1 already exist, SM takes place after gen 1, and Lillie goes to Kanto, I wouldn't be surprised if they release a "sequel" to both SM and gen 1 with a game set in Kanto where you meet Lillie, Hau(I think he said he was going to go to Kanto aswell), and other returning characters. Out of all of the games gen 1 has the least "story" so they could make a game set in Kanto that adds a new story there and could include regional variants of pokemon found in other generations.
Actually a game set exclusively in Kanto where Lillie is the protagonist would be a good sequel IMO. Like a sequel for both Sun and Moon AND RBY. I mean, the original games forced you to play as a boy, so gender equality or something (I think it's stupid too, I'm just spit balling)
Pokemon eclipse, when?
The only thing that sucks is that if they make a sequel, then you'd almost definitely be playing as a different character, so even if you meet Lillie or Hau again, it's not the same person you were playing as the first time. I wish there was a sequel where you could play as the same character and meet up with your buds, but showing up for the first gym/challenge with a squad of perfect IV/EV level 100 monsters would kinda kill the fun
It was a vacation, and we done here
I agree. Emerald and Platinum were better than R/S and D/P respectively as they were improved and more fleshed out. 

For example, Emerald made both Aqua and Magma villainous teams, Platinum rectified D/P's lack of fire types, and both games incorporated the third legendary of each generation. Both games had a Battle Frontier, adding depth to the post-game compared to just a Battle Tower. On top of that, both games included ways to get hard-to-find Pokémon, such as a Johto starter in Emerald, and the legendary birds in Platinum.

I never played B2W2, but those games were true sequels in the sense of things. But, G/S/C can be viewed as sequels to R/B/Y despite being in different generations.

I feel that X/Y had some ideas for a sequel/third version planned, but were scrapped to make Gen 7, with the new forms of Zygarde as well as Ash-Greninja being components that survived.
And have Sun or Moon as Champion depending on gender?
I read the title as "The first pokemon game that I think actually NEEDS a squirrel." and got so confused.


Anyways, Emerald/Platinum weren't sequels, but more enhanced retellings of their previous games. BW2 is the only sequel. People have been impressed with the story it seems, and that means I'll enjoy it. Does the game have a better story than BW/BW2?
Their hinting at something with those squared areas under construction in several of the town and cities in the game.
I want Lillie back! Bring back Lillie! Or let me go to Kanto!
Not to mention all of the pokemon I wanted to have on my team but couldn't fit
This needs a sequel, but I also feel XY needs a sequel.  So much great lore in the series, but also so much lost potential.
Honestly, I think its a perfect region to use as a second region like they did with SS/HG because its such a small land mass compared to the others that power creep can be handled nicer. Think of it like a holiday after the league. 

If they did this on the nintendo switch it would be cool. Imagine going back to Kanto to then take a boat to this region as a present from your mother or something.
Hopefully lillie becomes champion if there were to be a next game.
I want to see what team Lillie picked up on her journey in Kanto!
Pokemon Snap. End of discussion.
If they're called Dusk and Dawn, you heard it here first
Inb4 you gotta buy Nintendo Switch to play the sequel.
I honestly hope we're given the option to transfer our character and teams over to continue their adventure with the cast of Alola.

I really couldn't deal with a B2/W2 situation where the character from the first game has disappeared and a new trainer gets mixed up in their business with the other characters. I hate the idea that the player and Lillie won't ever see each other again.
Emerald and Platinum aren't sequels. They're basically "Final mixes" of two before them. GSC, XD, and BW2 are legit the only direct sequels in the series. That said, I think XY need one more. What's in the locked power plant building? What's with writing at the Lumiose Train Station? What about the ghost girl?!
Sun+moon=eclipse
Emerald and Platinum were just slightly alternate stories. B2W2 were the only true sequals. (though Johto could definitely be considered the sequel to Kanto)
I feel like the sequel should start in Kanto with Lillie or her brother as the playable character.  It ends back in Alola when they fight your character in the elite 4.
Plus. Does Lusamine get better?? Does Lillie come back?? Can we go to Kanto?? Please let me go to Kanto. 
I want to see how Lillie's doing
I'd love to learn more about Lillie's adventure in Kanto, definitely the most well written pokemon character for me.
I doubt they'll ever make third-games anymore, or sequels this soon.
Yellow, Crystal, Emerald and Platinum were more like the "deluxe" versions of those generations, whereas BW2 were true sequels in the sense of brand new story that continued the previous game, new protagonists and updated areas to explore. They weren't just updates of the previous games with bonus content. 

I would have really liked another Kalos adventure since the first time around felt a bit incomplete in some regards. I'd love to see more about the story revolving around AZ and what led to his journeys and what happened afterward. 

All that said, I agree that Sun and Moon are fantastic and I'm looking forward to more. 
Sun and moon had BY FAR the best story and villians, but i could do with a little less hand holding, there was a character running down the road and interrupting me with a full convo every 20 seconds, i swear i spent 50% of the game in convo animations, i would prefer the same story, but the ability to go down a route grinding without bein interrupted every 12 steps
Sequel for the switch....calling it now
The story was so meh, just that it made use of cut scenes where other games couldn't. Wish they had a skip button. I will tell you what happens to the other characters. Nothing they remain as there same positions with Hau still trying to beat you with his 3 pokemon
Lemme get some down votes for the day:

Those titles didn't need sequels because they don't interest you like Sun and Moon did. While it's awesome you're that invested in Sun/Moon I'm sure there are plenty of people who felt B&W deserved a sequel. I'm not seeing any reasoning for what makes them special enough to warrant proper sequels beyond that?

And Platinum and Emerald are not sequels at all, they're the same game with some alterations that are minor enough that you can't classify them outside of Ruby and Sapphire to the point where the remakes didn't bother doing a separate title for Emerald. If it was separate enough to be a sequel it wouldn't have been shoehorned into Alpha/Omega. I'd lean towards it being a quick cash grab because you've already got 90% of the "new" game finished right?
buy peptides online high quality research peptides for sale low prices highest 99.8 Pure
Psh with the devs that made the sun Pokémon weak to fire and the moon Pokémon weak to dark we'll get prequel. 
"Looks like you used Substitute..."
His rockruff looks scarred for life lol
Kinda NSFW
TIL Kukui reclassed to Mechanist
"Well then"
The real kicker?

Prof. Burnet is just as surprised as Kukui.
[removed]
>Implying The Masked Royal would just steal his bro's girl like that


The Masked Royal is a cool guy. If Burnet tried to make a move in him he would call her a whore and tell Kukui what happened.
"Um, rockruff and I were gonna use that bed..."
It's funnier if you imagine that she's always kind of faked that kukui wasn't the masked royale, so she assumed this was ok because she thought she knew it was really him, but all along he was telling the truth.
His rocks are getting a little ruff
It's obviously a Ditto
Defeated now? BITCH! 
Reminds me of that comic about Sycamore sending the player's mother nudes in XY.
Twist ending the masked royal is player's mom
Actually, I'd bet that Kukui would get super hype rather than angry.
or that kuikui is two people
Who's the woman ?
Rockruff: WHAT THE FUCK
"Woo! Oh yeah!"
Honestly I think this might be one of the best running jokes the community's made about Pokémon. However, this is the internet, so someone might disagree.
>f-list

Bro, where have you been surfing?
Rockruff used Harden.
...why does the NSFW icon not look more like a Pikachu head?
I KNEW IT
Take his title.
And take his woman.


At least that's what I wanted to do when I got the mask :/
Anyone got a mirror? I'm on mobile and its not showing.
Wooo!
lol
Cool hot coffee mod. 
*My nemesis returns*
But who took this photograph...
NSFW
Looks like kukui [killed the moment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izGwDsrQ1eQ&feature=youtu.be)
Kukuld.
Delet this
what is it? 
If someone has one of those Surfing Pikachu from Battle Revolution, would they be able to bring it up to Sun and Moon in January and evolve it into an actual surfing Alolan Raichu?
I'm very bothered that Alolan Raichu doesn't have Levitate, seeing as it's floating.. on its tailboard.. all the time...
I'm a little sad Decidueye can't learn Fly
I'm 92% certain there will be an event raichu that's surfs. 
I wonder if Surf can be passed down via breeding now that it's a TM move...
Presumably because no one wants a soggy pancake.
Wait what? It can't? I didn't find the TM for surf yet, but I have it on my team almost specifically for surf :(
I'd guess they're saving it for an event
Surfing Raichu-A is actually possible once pokebank comes out albeit under extremely special conditions. There was an event 'outbreaku' pikachu distributed in japan back in gen 6 that knew surf. So technically if you never evolved it and brought it into gen 7, you could  evolve it into a Raichu-A once it was was transferred into alola. It's a shame the situation is so specific. Surf, Psychic, Thunderbolt and Nasty Plot with life orb sounds like a great set. 
I'm more disappointed it doesn't get levitate.
There's even an NPC on a beach somewhere that talks about a surfing Raichu and how he wishes he was as cool as that Raichu. A bit disappointing. 
It would be pretty crazy to have a Raichu with Tbolt (STAB), Psychic (STAB) and Surf.  Wouldn't be the craziest special sweeper, but certainly better than a Raichu from Gen 6 without Psychic typing or moves and Surf.
Really, really wanted it to be able to learn surf and have levitate. Would have been more fun. Currently it's just a Raichu which learns psychic and had more weaknesses.
7.8/10 too little water
You could try doing the WS M glitch to teach Pikachu surf in Pokemon Yellow on the Virtual Console and then transfer once the bank update roles out.
I'm disappointed Alolan Raichu doesn't get Levitate.
Still less disappointing than Oricorio's moveset.
I'm dissapointed surfing Pikachu isn't back. Maybe a future event pokemon?


Im more sad it doesn't have levitate..
It'll be a shame if we never get a surfing Pikachu event
"Sad"...?   
Dude, we need fill a bug report.   
This can't be right. 
makes me think of that pi kahuna episode. my sister and I still call big waves "humunga dungas" when we're in the ocean
Literally unplayable
It's bizarre, even if Alolan Raichu *definitely* doesn't need the help. 
I already assumed it did have surf.  Well I can still get my refund.
IKR

What about transfering a XY/ORAS [Event Surfing Pikachu](http://www.serebii.net/events/dex/025.shtml) through Bank?
At least the z move is about surfing
Makes sense, right? Sadly, no surf for surfing Raichu :(
Maybe there'll be an event for one.
Honestly, surfing Raichu seems just a tad OP. Electric is a great attacking type and if Raichu gets surf, its only weakness is covered.
Insert you don't surf meme with A-Raichu's face here
At least its Z move looks like something out of Eureka 7
I could definitely see this being an event pokemon in the future.
It may be possible when the enable to Pokemon Bank with Sun and Moon to transfer a surfing Pikachu from Pokemon Yellow on the Virtual Console to the game.
Because it surfs with it's mind on electricity... 
You can if you gen it..

My friend has a Surf Pikachu in XY/ORAS he's planning to bring to Sun/Moon for instance.
LOL xD such fail GG Pokemon GG WP No RE
Some random NPC tells you that the islands are too far apart to swim or surf. I know that's just a random ingame excuse but it's true to life, the closest Hawaiian islands to one another are 6 miles apart, and the farthest are 63.
I'm okay with it. Surfing is probably my least favorite part of any Pokémon game. Just a vast wasteland of annoying encounters.
Yeah it's because they don't make you surf to get from island to island. Ferries ftw
As much as I'd have loved optional water routes(actually, a lot of the water ways we DO have are completely optional) I think they took the "7.8 Too much water" thing to heart. Even so much as to directly quote that meme in game.
I think they just realized people hate water routes, and having all the islands connected by those routes would've made the game larger than it needed to be.
Streamlining surfing (and fishing) as well as reducing the encounter rate while actually in the water is probably my favorite change in the game, but I'm realizing just how much space that ate up in the old games and weirdly I kind of miss fighting all those swimmers.
it's probably because surfing as a game mechanic is meant to be 2 things: 

* a difficulty spike
* an environmental barrier

surfing is a difficulty spike because on long water routes there are no spaces that are free of pokemon, plenty of trainers, and no pokemon centers nearby. plus, at least one pokemon on your team probably won't have a type advantage since it needs to be a water type to surf. this is why water routes have always appeared late in the game. 

SM never needed these areas to act as difficulty spikes because this game is pretty dang difficult already. 

it acts as an environmental barrier usually to keep you in a city until you beat a gym and complete some story segment and get the HM. 

this time around they just used barriers and locked off other islands until you completed the current one. these games ditched the tradition of arriving in a city, finding the gym leader missing, and having to do something to get them to come back and do their job so you can leave. in this game you almost never have to wait for something. if you keep moving forward, the story will progress. in that way, this game is a lot more linear, but it improves the pacing a lot. and they do things to make up for the linearity like stocking the routes to the brim with hidden items for you to find with stoutland, small hidden areas you can crawl to with A, non essential sidequests scattered around all over the place, those trainers that battle you if you beat a whole route, and so on.
Is it just me or are wild Pokémon showing up on water routes so much less frequent than in past games.  I can surf for ages without one showing up, when it used to be Tentacools for days.  The game has water areas still, but the lack of wilds showing up does make it seem like there is less by comparison because traversing it goes much quicker.
It was definitely odd.

I think there's a nice middle ground with water routes that they haven't explored yet.

If they kept a Dive ride pager pokemon and expanded upon what can be done underwater or on a water route(islands with caves to explore or little secrets here and there), then water routes could be just an enjoyable as land routes.  This new ride pager makes it even more enjoyable because you don't have to have a dedicated water HM slave like you did before - imo that was the real reason players hated water routes.
I just miss Dive. like I get that was hoenn's thing, but exploring sunken caves and ruins was always so cool!
> no surfing in an archipelago that's basically Poké-Hawai'i
To be honest, I have been playing for about 40 hours and just realized that you can run into wild Pokemon on the water while surfing.

It took me that long to just run around on the water until I hit something. For all of you out there that absolutely hated how often you ran into pokemon while surfing in the previous games, this has definitely made the experience much better.

Caves are still filled with Zubats though.
7.8 - too little water.

I really wish they would have added optional waterways between the islands tho :(
I don't mind dedicated water routes being gone. I do miss seeing a river or lake in an early area then making a mental note to come back and explore that body of water and what was beyond it, when I got surf. Kalos was horrible for this too I think.
I absolutely adore the Alola region. It's probably far and wide my favorite Pokemon region.

But the lack of surfing through many places that feel like it should be so available definitely put me off. Maybe it's because they wanted to show off their cool map design and so they didn't want you to stray too far off of it, but it was still pretty weird. 
They did the same thing with the Sevii Islands, explaining that not only are they far apart, the water currents are too strong in all but a few areas to go surfing safely - you'd get swept out to sea if you tried.  Still, even then they had one large dedicated water route/area unlike Sun & Moon.

I think Gamefreak took 7.8/10 Too Much Water a bit too seriously tbh.
Yeah, it's kind of sad. I was expecting to be able to surf to the next island and maybe bring diving back since it would be perfect for the region. Oh well.
they took ign to heart
Surfing wouldn't be too bad if they increased the number of types of Pokemon you could encounter when surfing. Water is the most abundant type, so they could have a massive array on every water route, not to mention perhaps encountering some flying types too.

I can barely look at Wingull or Pelliper nowadays, especially after ORAS. When I saw some in one of the trailers for SM I wanted to scream.
They really took the "too much water" criticisms to heart.

It's unfortunate, because this is easily the best Surfing has ever felt. 
Too bad we couldn't surf from island to island
I think the amount of surfing was fine, maybe they could have done a bit more, but a lot of people get annoyed of it after a while. I thought Hoenn and its water routes were really cool, but a lot of people didn't unfortunately.
To be fair I think ORAS reduced the water routes a whole lot in hoenn. I think if they made water encounter rates way lower surfing would have been more viable.
Actually a bit sad that flying between islands is pretty much the only way to get from one to the other.
If there's one thing I would change about the game, it would be to add some more island and add water routes between some of them. I like that you didn't have to Surf between every island, but having four completely separate islands make the region feel very small and disconnected, which I really dislike. 
I was wondering why Alola felt odd to me and I figured it's because the last pokemon game I played, Alpha Sapphire, was also a bunch of islands but involved so much surfing and diving. I kind of miss that aspect of it, diving was really cool 
I wouldn't mind more water in Sun and Moon. What made surfing so bad in Ruby and Sapphire was the mini cutscene every time you used surf and dive, now that the ride feature removes that and just makes it near instant it wouldn't be as much of an issue.
7.8/10 not enough water
7.8/10 not enough water?
You say that, but I had to fish for a mareanie/corsola.
Now that I think about it, did Unova have any water routes? I can't think of any. 
except Unova
I just realized from this post we never got the Orange Islands from the show. Damn
I'm so glad we don't have the option of surfing to other islands. That would probably mean we'd feel obliged to, and you know what that means...
Probably because "7/10 Too Much Water"
Honestly the only reason I would want a water route is for more water type pokemon. I felt like this game was greatly lacking in the water type side of things and I couldn't find a decent water type for forever. I didn't get a water type I actually wanted till after the elite 4.
I gauge the amount of water in a game not by the number of times surfing is required, but by looking at an IGN review. If they're not complaining, it mustn't be that bad.

EDIT: It's a review, not a post!
7.8/10 too much water
Afaik a lot of people complained about surfing passages in the games so they trimmed it down as it seems.
Good, water routes are absolutely terrible and make Gen 3 and its remakes an absolute slog to go through. encountering 3943948384398 tentacool and 3948394839848 trainers with tentacool (occasionally wingull) is bad.
Black and White don't even require you to use Surf throughout the entire game.


And X and Y had like 3 necessary Surfing tiles.
iirc XY has almost no surfing, with the only major exception being the route where you get Lapras and Surf. Other than that, there are just small rivers to items and such, as well as victory road. Bout it.
Yeah i missed my surf routes tbh

Ah well
IGN Review: 7/10 not enough water 
Good.  Surfing in Hoenn was awful.  That "2/10 too much water" joke was accurate.
I'm relieved actually. Hoenn was my least favorite region for that reason.

It's also quite different being in the full ocean compared to rivers or bays. I kind of wish you could fly in a drifblim between islands though.
Maybe it be interesting if we got flying around end game
It's sad too, surfing is infinitely more fun thanks to Sharpedo.
7.8/10 Needs more water
I was so glad that there was not a lot of water in alola because I was afraid I would have to surf everywhere again water was one of my least favorite parts of gen 3 
Well they removed hms so at least we got some, id say enough.
Sinnoh much? Victory Road was a NGHTMARE unless you had Repels.
I was sorta expecting some sort of plot moment where the ferry system was taken down or whatever and we had to surf to a different island or to the aether paradise or whatever.  

But sadly the plot never really did anything, not just with that concept, but at all
7.8/10 too much water
I wish they had made it more involved, but I do like that they went to the extreme opposite of the slog-fest the water areas used to be. Worst part of most of the games lol. Now they can improve from here....I hope.
I believed I surfed less in RBGY than in S&M
Don't need to surf when you can use a Sharpedo as a jetski. 
I think that is the biggest flaw, it would feel much more organic if it were one open world instead of 5 areas
I was worried about this being another hoenn, and I'm glad I don't have to surf everywhere.
I've only surfed once in this game 
No postgame areas to exlore/surf to for almost the first time either. 
I thought we were going to be able to surf from island to island
7.8/10 not enough water
Was anyone disappointed that we can't dive anymore? I was looking forward to corral reefs and stuff.
They just couldn't handle that 7.8/10 from IGN.
They should have let us use lapras to surf from one island to another. There is a lot of room for cool shit out there.
I miss the surfing a little bit, I don't miss all the tentacool, though. 

I'm hoping for a pokemon in the switch that connects all, or at least some, of the different leagues together. 

I'd be cool with a lot of surfing, then. With the pager, of course. 
It's odd considering they made surfing more fun that it's ever been. Sharpedos controls are on point, fishing spots that have unique spawns instead of randomly casting and a great mixture of water types, not the same 2 spawns over and over. This made what little surfing I did more enjoyable than all games combined. 

Hauling ass on Sharpedo is just satisfying for some reason. I loved it. I wish you had to hit sweet jumps off of ramps to get over rocky barriers though. Add in a couple rad tricks you could pull off and it would have been hella sweet. 

A Sharpedo race would have been cool too. No way I'm convinced that with islands full of young people they're not racing Sharpedos and setting up trick courses... 
I think it's great. I always hated surfing. Boring landscape, too many wild Pokemon.
Too damn much water in hoenn
Wish we could actually surf between islands 
they didn't want too much water 7.8/10
Lol its funny because surfing originated from Hawaiʻi
This is a good thing. Remember when IGN literally said that having too much water was a massive, main con of ORAS? That was pretty shitty of them, but they're partially right.
no diving either!
I love it
Well technically there's no surfing at all
This was intentional.  ORAS received feedback that there was "too much water":

http://www.ign.com/articles/2014/11/18/pokemon-alpha-sapphire-and-omega-ruby-review

Personally, I think the balance is okay.  I realize it's an island setting, surrounded by lots of water, but I think the geography balance is appropriately fun.
And yet no Dream balls are to be seen anywhere in Alola.  Stingy!
Does this mean we might get the Pokébank lady as an actual in-game character in the future gens?
Pretty sure they mentioned that.  I realized it in game after they mentioned her past work
Slowpoke
I didn't recognize her with the tan and without the goggles, i feel a little stupid.
I knew she was in the game, but I was shocked when I saw her because she looks so different.
oh shit
But, what if she is Alolan Burnet?
I realized that like 5 seconds after seeing her.
I noticed not many knew she was before XD

I was like "THAT'S PROF. BURNETT FROM POKEMON DREAM RADAR!!! HOW CANNOT YOU KNOW THAT!!!" when I watch a let's play on YouTube lol.
Also after Lillie gets attacked by the murkrow, your character just gathers them up and tell them to fuck off
You know, Kukui is a wimp. Had a real trainer been the champion, such as the Masked Royal, the player character would be in for a world of hurt.
Hau probably went to a mental ward after the events of the game. No matter how many times he tries to forget all he can see is the protagonist's emotionless smile
I really wish our character didn't get up from the throne to face challengers.  Imagine how badass it would look if we remained seated, tossing Poke Balls with a bored, superior expression on our face, one hand resting on our chin like [Conan the Barbarian](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OW4EaQlne7M).  I'd like that.  We're the goddamn champion and it's time we act like it.
I think it's pretty clear that the protagonist just doesn't understand the concept of personal boundaries when it comes to furniture.
The most important part is that the Protagonist does whatever the fuck he/she wants with the most soulless smile across their face the whole adventure
My character was like "I am the captain now."
No reaction to anything, still kick ass regardless. We're essentially Saitama.
Literally her reaction: "Oh look a throne, perfect."
but straight up i like teh protag when s/he went and protected nebby from wild spearow without any pokemon on that rickety bridge without a second thought, cause someone was in trouble. i gotta respect that.
I am the baddest of them all.
The fact that my team while waiting for Pokemon bank compatibility is 5 of the Ultra Beasts + Nebby helps with that image.
You basically are jarl of whiterun in his early years
The main character appears to be more of a simpleton to me. Always with that same vacant expression.

The idea of having a title defense was a great idea to add some variety and replayability to challenging the league. I hope they keep it in future games.
"She" DID YOU JUST ASSUME MY GENDER!!!!!
Kanto farms baddassery
>she

Get out
Whoa, whoa whoa. What about HIM? That's sexist. ;)
i also appreciate the fact you called her nebby
LOL. There were comics like this about HGSS and taking Onix into the Pokemon Center or a Sycther hugging you lol!
This is hilarious. Nebby, the guardian of the fields.
*teleports behind you* 

Psshh. Nothing personel, kid.
This is why Nebby needs to GET IN THE BAG
leave Pinsir alone ahaha
OMG that's so complicated. Why couldn't they just bring back Blissey bases?
You can only buy one rare dinner/buffet from one restaurant?
Can't you just buy the second Rare Kitchen from the same VIP ? Just got my first one today, can't i just buy it again from her for 3k ?
Also damn are those rare candy expansive....
I just bought my first rare kitchen and have 400 FC left over, now time to get to 3000 (may take a few days because I'm always falling asleep since it's midnight for me when everyone is on) and looking forward to that BP grinding guide
I just wish Rare Candy were cheaper tbh
I'm wondering, if you get your pokemon to 68 instead, can you just skip the 2 rare Candies ?
Should've gotten Sun for the facilities:(
Would a 3rd rare Kitchen make things faster or does it just allow for more than 1 level 100 per day?
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheFestivalPlaza/comments/5flmdj/booth_have_rare_kitchen/

Here's someone with the necessary booth (rare kitchen lvl5) that wants to share it  
Nicely done! Looking forward to your Battle Tree post. :)
How are you already a physician by age 25? 
When you've [leveled your pokemon to 80](http://2static3.fjcdn.com/comments/First+one+_41e45fa93c8495f3e2bcccadfabb8ce6.jpg) JUST before you found out about this method and already had one 5 star kitchen.
Now to find a quick way to level up my newly bred teammates! 
He eats Malasadas to drown out the pain you cause him. He's the Kahunas grandson, and then this foreigner comes in and takes his destiny, beats all the trials before him, beats him every time they battle, becomes the champion, and steals his girl. Everyone has been wanting a mean rival, and now we have one. The player is the rival. That's why how has the starter weak to yours. You are the rival, always one step ahead.
I like how when you first leave the Aether Foundation Wicke gives him a Masalda and you get the fucking TM for Psychic. Priorties ladies and gents
i have a theory that hau's family is just a repeating generational saga and our hau eventually grows up into another hala (too many malasadas can do that to you). he has a son who has a son named hau, then it all starts again
You do realise that is at least healthier than how our player doesn't eat at all, unless we force them to eat haha
I still have no idea wtf malasada actually is
Our character doesn't eat anything the entire game, so there's that.
I'm worried about how often he feels the need to put his hands behind his head. Every time he does, I'm like "WTF are you doing?"
Maybe he could burn it down anyway, he needed the energy. He's almost active as Barry
Hau isn't on screen 24/7 so he could have gone of and done whatever he wants.   
Who cares about Hau, your character hasn't eaten anything at all. 
lol let the kid enjoy his youthful metabolism while it lasts. He'll look more like Hala in due time.
Reminds me of my irl homeslice Chris.

He ate a Big Mac in under 10 seconds one time when we were 12.
Had a good laugh at this.
the population of Kalos survives on Coffee, and the pokemon on pokepuffs. So im not sure if you should be concerned at all.
i hate him, he is just some nice guy kid i dont mind putting him in his place
I'm more concerned about his embarrassing skills as a pokemon trainer instead. He's just thiiiis short of being as much as a loser as Ash.
I think the implication is it died. Like a Hachiko kind of thing.
Don't you get it? It was another one of the Looker's disguises! 

I bet he's even the Masked Royal!
I'm actually really mad that you can't. Poor little hungry fellow is all alone in that hotel room. There is a cop right near by. The hotel people know what's going on. Why aren't the authorities stepping in to ensure the safety of this Stufful? And why the hell can't I just take him home? In the real world I can break open a car window to make sure a dog isn't suffocating in a hot car, let me do that Pokemon version of that. 
I wanted to befriend the Stufful that waits at the cafe counter for dropped treats.
Looker ate it.
Reminds me of the sleeping Skiddo in Lumiose City...
I wasn't aware of that Stufful until I was watching TheKingNappy's LP on youtube. He was so sad, then I was so sad. Stufful, I love you. I hope you're in a better place now. :(
It should've absolutely been a chance to get a gift Pokemon. 
"Oh hello, do you not have a home? How about you come with me!"
Personally I always thought Olivia adopted it. If you go to her room above her shop, she has 4 or 5 stufful dolls "that are popular wth single women!" (they really want to nail into you that she's single lol) and a real stufful as well, though I believe that was there before I met the Stufful in the hotel room...
If you go to the Hau'oli cemetery on Sundays, there's a lady there that says she found her lost Stufful on Route 13 but that it died, so she buried it. Pretty fucked up.
I think that the people thinking it dies is a bit of an overreaction.

Even if the owner didn't come back there's a lot of people who're aware of it being there. The lady on the reception is talking about how terrible it is that there's an abandoned Stuffle in the next room over to everyone who walks in. The door is unlocked like every single house in the pokémon universe. But even if it wasn't then it's a motel not a private residence, the cleaners would be in there at least once every day.

It's not like a case of pet abandonment IRL where no-one is aware of the pet before it's too late. Even if it is still sad that it was abandoned in the first place, there's an almost certain chance that somebody found it and it's safe.
It's like that scene from futurama...with fry's dog
It's Bill
Maybe it turned into a Banette?
"Ed...ward"
I like Guzma's encounter theme
Just make sure that the speaker isn't too big to carry around, because you'll need to be able pull all them sick gang signs every time you talk, yo.
I also like how during a battle with the grunts, they just dance while waiting for their move.
Every fucking time.
Guzmas is the fucking best.  Whenever i have the chance to change music (like battle spot or battle tree) guzmas theme is my shit
Yes. I love that theme.
I don't cosplay, but I would TOTALLY join you for something like that. XD
And start a vigorous chain of vague hand gestures.
The Admin's theme is great too.
Man, I went and bought a new set of headphones so I could listen to it. (and for other reasons, but still, also for that)
OMG I thought I was the only one that did this xD

I haven't even gotten my copy of Sun yet, but all the Skull themes are already in my YouTube likes. 

These "villain team" tracks are right up there with Colress' theme. (Fitting, considering people think him to be associated with the Aether Foundation)
I did the opposite and turned it down
Lol! It is funny they have that but do not have the actual Pokemon in Alola! 
Plot twist: alolan exegguttor eat them all, that carton figure was made before the last Bellossom were eaten.
I'm still confused as to why Solrock and Lunatone weren't in the game. It's like... really Gamefreak?
Alola Bellossom
It's not as weird as the Charizard Line not being in the Alola Dex...
https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5e06wl/who_says_they_didnt_include_bellossom/?st=IW4C85YN&sh=edcf7db5
Speaking of Pokémon that appear in pictures in-game but aren't in the Dex, isn't Slurpuff the mascot of malasada shops? Talk about false advertising.
And then every so often she crosses her arms when she's had enough of your shenanigans :) 
She's just contemplating... where did that Egg even come from?
I knew this comic was going to be made eventually. Thank you.
what I'm doing rn 😂😂 need some luck for a shiny litten
"What is my purpose?"


"You give me eggs."


"Oh my god."
I don't understand why anyone uses that spot, you have to dismount constantly to go through the door every time an egg pops up which is really often. There is a space just to the left of her that is more than big enough to run in actual circles.
Who uses that spot?

 If you go right in front of the ranch, there is enough space to spin in a circle and you can get more eggs from the lady without having to get off Taurus. It's Way faster, saves about 5 seconds per egg. 
I thought you could put eggs in the Isle Avue hotsprings
So is this the most efficient way?  I know there is a straight line but the time it takes to zone kinda gives me the impression its a bad idea.
How are people completing their egg cycles this gen around? I've been Tauros running with a Fletchinder (Flame Body) up that nicely made line of route 5, the paniola ranch, and route 6. Any better suggestions?
Remember in XY, that lady's head would be backwards for a few frames while she came out of the back room? Creepy af.
I did not realize what that pen was for until now - thanks!
I just tell myself I'm preparing for the rodeo.
Well if this isn't me.....
I always like to think that in ORAS, as you bike around the island and the Daycare Lad, you're waiting for him to give you an egg. You're just constantly going in a big square, staring at him, and he finally gets uncomfortable enough to give you one. And then you do it all over again.
Upvote for the Unnerve joke.
[](/cubone)me irl
This is classic
I do the run into the wall method and I feel bad for everyone that must be terrified the wall will fall and they will all be trampled
XD
I miss the little shows that taught you some bits about various new items and such. At some point you just stop checking out the TVs. 
There was never a point in my playthrough of this game where I did not regret clicking on a TV.


Have fun spamming B trying to escape that neverending malasada hell.
i swear you could play a drinking game with the word malasada in pokemon sun. it's basically every third word that comes out of haus mouth.
Plot twist. Hau knows how to hack television.
Maybe eating is the only thing they worry about because everyone can only choose from like 100 items of clothing so no clothing commercials. Maybe most people make their own clothing due to the same generic choices. Keep in mind that there are clones of different characters running about the region with different names... Aether hasn't just been experimenting on Pokemon... All they can do is hope that you'll stuff your face and ignore what's going on around you and hope you can make enough money to not be forced into plot device slavery and duplicated 
I thought I was the only one who noticed this. I always loved checking the TVs to see what kind of stuff was on. In XY there was even a program that taught you Japanese phrases which I thougt was really neat.

I love SM but this was pretty disappointing to see considering they've done these variety programs since Gen 3.
If they release a genuine update, I really wish they'd add some TV stuff, especially if it's from other regions - Happy 20th anniversary!
No wonder Hau is so mindlessly focused on obtaining malasadas - he's been brainwashed by watching too much TV!
You shouldn't be watching TV while in Alola.

You should be out having *adventure*.
Reason (I read it in the official guide)

You can tune into any TV to find out the availability of super malasadas. (or whatever the special one is)
Maybe Hau spent so much on malasadas the industry is now booming and can afford to monopolise all advertisements, and they can count on Hau to give them more money.
which is why your protagonist probably has a dvd of stand by me on in his room instead
At least it's not that stupid car commercial with that annoying song. (Referring to all of them ever)
Just proof Hau has been in literally every house fiddling with their tvs.
The worst part of this game is easily the signage. Not only are the TV's all the same, every route sign and signs for towns say some real jewels like:

>Lighthouse Cliff, a cliff with a lighthouse on it 

Game Freak really dropped the ball on this one. 
Hey I live on Oahu, Hawaii and I can confirm that the only thing we watch here is adverts for malasadas. Why watch anything else?

I learned to stop inspecting the TVs real quick. Every time you do, you realize it's the same message you've read ten times already, and then you have to mash through *seven goddamn pages of text*.
200 channels, nothing but malasadas
It was heartbreaking to realize this after 3 previous generations of obsessively checking every TV I saw. It seems so mundane, but the TV programs really did help make the world feel more alive.

Ah well, at least S/M added plenty more worldbuilding details to compensate.
RIP Watchy Watchog.
I mean who's watching TV when you live in paradise
The entire population is in a malsada cult.
Right  I noticed that too...it's like what's the point?
Must say I was disappointed with that too, considering how most previous games had little shows talking about items, abilities, moves and unique Pokémon.

On the other hand, it is really just a detail.
Hau must be the only one watching TV then
The Alolan people use tv strictly for advertising; they get their entertainment from the radio. It's easier to listen to while working. 
It's just like real life TV. Endless commercials with the occasional 1000th revision of old TV series/movies(the TV in your home shows the same stuff as the one in your home in RBY)
As someone learning Japanese, I loved the 'Japanese Lesson' segment in X/Y on the TV. I still remember the Japanese names for the Pokemon it taught me! 
Shut up, sun and get me some malasada
Yeah, the tv's were a major let down.  
At that point you might as well make them non-interactable
I kinda missed the 3 channels they gad in BW2.  Especially the Celebrity channel!
The TV at the Geothermal Power Plant is different.
Aw, so you mean it won't get any other commercials like spam musubi? (I bet Leonard's malasadas is getting a lot of business here).
In your actual player house, his/her TV makes a reference to Stephen King's, "Stand by Me".
Yeah I liked clicking every TV possible but it's just the same shit every time so far, so it sucks
I think the first time I watched the TV, before leaving my house the first time, it showed something that wasn't a malasada ad. I don't remember what, though.
PLOT TWIST ALOLA IS BEING TAKEN OVER BY CORPORATE OVERLORDS THAT WILL NOT STOP AT OBESITY. THEY'VE TAKEN HAU, THEY'VE TAKEN ALOLA, THEY WILL ONLY TAKE THE WORLD.


STOP THE MALASADAS
What if there is actual programming, but each time you check the TV it's always a commercial?
The media is owned by Big Masalada
Hau's love for malasada is because he was brainwashed by the media.
That's because Leonard's Malasadas are the best thing ever
I know, right? What I wouldn't give for a delicious malasada right now. 
Have you been to Hawaii? Food is everything there. 
I'm pretty sure the first tv you can check in the game was playing Stand By Me. 
If you check the TV in your bedroom (gotta kinda maneuver around the Wii U), you get a reference to the original games.
Should've been Hawaii Five-O, Lilo and Stitch...
TV has always been boring in pokemon games, it's always been just some pointless babble, or useless/redundant in-game event notifications. 
It almost reminds me of the movie The Stuff with how much they advertise it 
The best TV was the Black/White 2 one, they let you choose the channel
Hau grew up infront of his TV it seems.
I got a Lillipup named "DOOM" last night while wonder tradeing a few HA Eevee rejects.  I also got a Diglett named "I WEAR PANTY", and a male Salandit named "Oh" which was about half way full on EVs. (Kinda depressing, they traveled with it and later realized only the female evolved...)
I once got a Snorlax named 'Your Mom' holding a burn heal. I love Wondertrade.
The other day in WT I got a Smeargle named "Tom <3" with the OT name being "Stacey".

Wherever you are Tom, I feel you.
I tried GTS requesting Zygardes in exchange for my premier ball Totodiles.

I have been horrifyingly successful. They can't get those cells back. I am a monster.
I got a pidgey named POOPSKID in one of my first trades and never got rid of it for some reason. Doubt it had any value to the OT 
I received a Jangmo-o named "Penny" from some kid named "Sakura". What I sent over was a Zubat named "SUCKMYDICK". I still feel bad about that.
Just wondertrade away something good, and you won't feel guilty. I like to hand out starters.
I got a Magikarp named Steve through WT and I can't bring myself to get rid of it, it's too goofy
I once got a pretty mediocre but clearly used shiny Magmortar. Felt pretty bad about it. And good. But mostly bad. 
Ugh I traded away an ever stone on a smeargle named bob Ross by mistake and I want to die 
When playing ORAS or X/Y -- I can't remember which -- I wondertrade stumbled across a kecleon whose caught date was 2014. Being 2016, this meant that he had been wondertraded for two years through the system. I just had to keep him after that. 
Sometimes, I'm Caleb, and sometimes, I'm OP. 
I can confirm, that I have that feeling. Things at weird wonky levels, that imply they were clearly being used, and not just straight Trade Bait, Nicknames that don't make sense to me so I'll never appreciate them properly. To be fair, I get a mild sense of guilt anytime I don't get Route 1 spawns.
I was a bit worried I got someone's amazing breedjects - shiny Jangmo-o with Jolly nature and Bulletproof ability, level 1. But I'm guessing it was probably hacked.


I ended up getting a Tympole named 'Kill me' over WonderTrade, and I couldn't bring myself to release it. Even now, it's sitting in the PC.
I traded away a Deino I was breeding and got a 5IV Turtonator back.  Pretttttyyy happy
I name all my magikarps <Sashimi> and send them out like an all you can eat sushi shop
I nickname EVERY pokemon I send out on wondertrade, just because I want them to have that special touch. I also tend to keep and raise the ones I receive that are named because they feel special.
Quick story, got up really quick to do something and bf took the opportunity to goof around on my DS. Came back and found a "rare and extremely strong" new wingull in my party named "Fukk Face."


The relation: I'm always worried when I get a Pokemon in a different language (mainly Japanese, Korean, etc. the ones I can't really understand) that maybe I'm getting "Fukk Face" or I'm missing a joke/pun. I like to see on Bulbapedia if the names match up in different languages. My Popplio I just got (this was a normal trade) has a nickname and while I don't understand what it is, I've been joking he's "Fukk Face Jr."
Speaking of edgy, I got a yungoos named "Ur a feg" (to get around the filter presumably) from some guy - and he was the OT, too. I released it, but it made me sad that some kid (hopefully it's not an adult doing this) is naming their pokemon things like that and then sending them out into the world. :/
I received a Haunter yesterday, that promptly evolved into a Gengar.

I felt bad, cause I was thinking maybe they thought they had the option to trade it back, so I immediately ran into the Festival Plaza, added the person (who was in my castle) as a VIP, and tried to trade it back to them. They rejected the trade, so I just took it and ran.
I nicknamed infant Mimikyu in beast balls "UB-06 Mimic" to either get a laugh out of someone or to confuse them a ton.
Yeah If your prized mon is a level 3 ratata I have no sympathy.
I once got an eevee from wondertrade in a wonderlocke named "pooooooooooo"
In Omega Ruby, I got a decently levelled Mightyena named "Killer" from a Wonder Trade. I couldn't help but think he was some poor kids and ended up keeping him for my living dex.
I nickname my breedjects and then set them free through wondertrade usually (or I keep them as stock for trades). Maybe because I wanted the other person to cherish what I cherished.
https://imgur.com/ftnCxGI

By far my favorite trade.
I feel bad now because I'm the reason they would do that.

Thanks now it's mine too
My younger brother accidentally wonder traded a shiny gumshoos. It was heart wrenching.
Mate this isn't CSGO
Not enough clothing options
The removal of the PSS is a pretty bad one, but the lack of functionality in the bottom screen is probably on purpose.
You can’t press X to close all the menus anymore.
Vs seeker or re battle trainers. Battling wild and E4 can only go fr so long
I hated the pace of the early game but that isnt my biggest complaint. I'm not sure if this was just me but double battles had awful performance. FPS would drop to probably around 15-20fps for a double battle which was  extremely annoying 
The "Malicious Moonsault" Z-move isn't a moonsault.
- The fact that the Player character is a sociopath with a permanent c: face (honestly, they went out of their way to make everything so alive in this game, but your character remained a soulless sociopath)

- The fact that the plot progresses slowly for like 60% of it, and then the remaining plot is rushed enough to make it feel incomplete (still one of the nicer plots out there though)

- The small dex and the fact that there are more kanto species than alolan species in the regional dex... 

- The bad type distribution.. There is an over-emphasis on certain types while others are completely forgotten (not counting alolan forms 'cause in essence, they're still kanto species)

- The lack of clothing design variety. Colors are there and all, but the designs aren't really all that different nor that many

- The fact that many buildings remained inaccessible even postgame and the 5? empty lots never got built :| These games even had a canonical time-lapse on occasions, that would be the perfect excuse for finishing the lots..

- The fact that many locations were not accessible but were only in the background (i.e. the circular pools, the golf course, the lighthouse). I'm also disappointed Po town did not get remodeled after the main story was over

- The fact that they included various past-game characters without them serving any relevant purpose in the game (tree doesn't really count as one). Even collecting zygarde cells is just randomly introduced to you with 0 explanation or ...coherent reason

- Overall these games are quite high in quality, however, it feels as if they were created with a 3rd version or sequels in mind, 'cause a lot of things feel "unfinished"
I don't think we can sit in chairs/benches/etc. anymore other than sleep on beds. That's sad I liked sitting down.
No ginger hair. I understood it in XY since the antagonists were all redheaded, but come on. 
The end game felt a bit rushed, at least in regards to the island challenges. I mean, you literally just end up running into a trial captain who's like "oh hey yeah, here's a Z-Crystal" and heads on their merry way. I mean, I get that the plot was in full swing, but they could have easily handled the remaining trials after it.

Then there's the trial that just comes completely out of nowhere and doesn't even have a captain. I liked the Island trials a lot, being honest, so the last few obviously being rushed kind of soured things a bit.
My biggest issue is after you defeat the elite 4 the first time. 

Why do I need to endure 30 minutes of cut scenes and then catch a legendary pokemon BEFORE I SAVE THE GAME! 

It's ridiculous
You can't just press B when you don't want your pokemon to not learn a new attack.
It's a great game, but one of my biggest gripes is festival plaza.  It takes you out of the game and puts you in this shoddy, unnecessary place just to do online features. I feel like the way they handled distributing festival currency is lame too (who wants to grind that stupid type match-up game repeatedly?), and the lack of choice concerning the shops you get to build the plaza is annoying. I don't want fucking Sophocles randomly selecting another lottery shop for me when I already have 3!

The only saving grace is when I got to finally do Sophocles' trial and he asks if I liked Festival Plaza. I said "No!" right to that fucker's face. He tried to play it off like it was whatever, but I could tell he was crying inside.
The only big ones I can think of personally, is that the game starts out really slow, more so than any other game in the series. The SOS mechanic is cool, but it can be really annoying when you're just trying to catch something. I also miss the days of a really long post-game with a lot of things to do. S/M still has a better post-game than any Gen 6 game, but it's still not quite enough imo.
Actual Alolan Pokemon feel too rare.
Reposting from another thread:

Gamefreak has a bad habit of releasing games with lots of potential, and lots of improvements, but also lots of frustrating oversights. I'm gonna take this time to celebrate Festivus early and air my grievances.

There's too much chaff in this game for the number of pokemon that now exist in the alola dex, not to mention the national dex. I get that some species like rattata and pikipek are supposed to be super common, but they could have at least mixed up the common species according to each island. It gets tiring seeing rattata, zubat, and magikarp time after time, after dealing with those for almost every game but B&W. (Yeah I get that thematically there are invasive pokemon like rats, but what makes sense lore wise doesn't necessarily make for fun gameplay)

For how few pokemon were introduced this gen, there should have been no pointless pokemon. Gen V had an excuse, but you're going to give us another pointless rodent normal type and throwaway pokes like laurantis? If they were going pad the alola dex with generation I pokemon, why not at least give us more alola forms at that? Why include so many pointless one stage pokemon this gen? An eighth of the new non-legendary pokemon introduced are one stage mons that will be less memorable than burmy. 

There were so many easy includes that they missed for this game. Where is tropius? kecleon? ludicolo? toxicroak? tangela? yanma? jellicent? dragalgae? horsea? (yes I know it can be found in island scan) Not to mention the possible alolan versions that could have brought life to so many forgotten pokes (looking at you burmy)

Pokemon on the first island like crabrawler, magnemite, and charjabug (what's the first form again?) stay that way until 3/4 of the story is over, longer for crabrawler.

It would be nice to have at least some interesting pokemon that weren't a 5% catch rate in most locations. I get having all the pseudo legendaries at low encounter rates, but a corsola is a 5%? and then it requires an SOS battle on top of that to catch mareanie? 

This isn't huge but still bugs me: I know gamefreak likes to have an explanation for why previous forms of evolution weren't available previously but it's getting ridiculous that there are now 10 stones and 8 eevee-lutions when only 3 evolve via stone. Either the stones need to be consolidated a bit, or evolution methods need to. Stones are great, friendship is okay, mossy/ice rocks are lame, and affection is kinda pointless (as fun as it is to shock myself on electabuzz). Is every game going to have a version of pokemon-amie for sylveon? We already got an alternative way to evolve feebas, is affection going to be a passing trend like show stats? Leafeon isn't mossy-rock-eon, we have had a leafstone since gen I and now an ice stone for glaceon. We had a sunstone since gen II and a moonstone since gen IV which address espeon and umbreon. Let sylveon use a shiny stone or dawn stone. 

Also, just get rid of dawn stone since only two pokemon use it and have easy substitutes. Gallade and froslass could require a shiny and ice stone respectively. 

Also, isn't the number of pokemon that require a specific item to evolve a little ridiculous? Currently we have: king's rock, whipped dream, magmarizer, electirizer, reaper cloth, metal coat, razor fang, razor claw, deep sea scale, deep sea tooth, sachet, dragon scale, prism scale (to replace a defunct mechanic), oval stone (which is confusing), up-grade, dubious disc, and protector. If that could be consolidated or replaced entirely that'd be great. At least king's rock and metal coat apply to more than one pokemon. 

Sorry to anyone that read the whole obnoxious wall of text. 



Lack of super training. I'm cool with raising EVs via battling and shit, but it was really convenient for resetting the.
How are we actually supposed to get Pokemon to lvl 100 now?  Or how do we even train Pokemon via the exp share, even with the E4 I can only usually get a lvl 1 pokemon up to 30-40
I miss looking in all the trash cans. It was a simpler time.
- The big killer is the lack of Super Training. Its a good thing that i dont have any new alolan pokemon i want on my competitve team because i do NOT have the patience to SOS train or whatever you do know

- I want more of Guzmas story: He has a really sad backstory (being his dreams were crushed) and it could of been elaborated to be very interesting, instead he just ended up being a little servant.

- If i wanted to fight so many kantonian pokemon then MC would have stayed in kanto, thank you very much.

- I like the shops in Festival Plaza- anything that reminds me of gen 5 is good- but everything else about it sucks.

- Theres almost no postgame
Is it just me, or is there a severe lack of special attackers among these new Pokemon? Even the ones with decent Special Attack have generally have an equivalent Attack stat.
The length of Z-Move animations, although I saw this coming from the moment they introduced them in the trailers. They're really cool but trying to run something like the Battle Tree with a Z-Move in your main arsenal can get really tedious. And no I don't want to turn off battle animations :(

They should've done something like Final Fantasy IX did with summons, the first time you use the summon it'll play the full scene for it. After that it'll just be a truncated version of it with the full scene randomly playing again here and there.

Oh, and a skip button.
Charizard ride animation is too long. I think the usual Fly is shorter (although it's not as long as ORAS Latias/Latios ride).
I have to buy all the mega stones for 64 BP a piece at the battle tree? What the hell? I don't use mega evolution that much, but I want the option without having to grind out that long.
Lack of late game XP/money grinding, festival plaza not meeting expectations, lack of original safari zone.
Pokeride- you have to get off of your Tauros and back on again because a couple trainers or rocks are barely in your way. Honestly, bike feels way better. 

Some animations take to long - like when breeding, fading to a black screen. 

Breeding! - you have to hold B and spin in circles instead of just Holding Up like in Oras. Destiny Knot is more of a pain to achieve. 

Online - You can only be online in the Festival Plaza? Why!? 

Super Training - All my casual friends did it, really simplified the process for people. You can also train your pokémon quickly  During the story! 

EV training - harder to get precision. Horde battles were perfect. 

Lag in multibattles - worsens the online experience too. 





Why does Charjabug need to evolve at a place that late into the game? I thought early route bugs are supposed to evolve quickly. If it can evolve that late, why not just put it at the end of the pokedex like Volcarona?
I need poke blocks for my milotic I really Miss ORAS system ev training was a breeze and the poke nav really helped let you know when you cleared an area. Also I feel Z moves are some what underwhelming and take away from the battle
- The first few hours were pretty tedious. The option to remove tutorials would have helped with that a lot.  
  
- The dowsing machines in gen 5 were good. The ones in gen 6 were great. Stoutland sniff was annoying enough that I didn't bother to check every square foot of space like I have always done in every other game. In fact, I rarely used him at all.  
  
- My least favorite: the ride suit and saddles. The fact that this is the worst part about the game probably says something about how good the game is.
Not that pokemon isn't always fairly linear, but I feel that they didn't allow enough paths for exploration in the game once completed.  The only new place you can really go that is not story guided is the 2nd half of pony island.  Normally there is quite a few hidden caves/abandoned houses and whatnot to explore and I felt this game was lacking in this aspect.
The Hall of Fame reminder is terrible, it just mentions the names in order of your team, not nicknames, no movements, no gender, no levels.

And the Battle Tree is too difficult for your main story team in no super modes, it is forced to use legendary or raise a new team but the training tools is blocked by many BP.
Festival Plaza, lack of customisation. Dhelmise and Decidueye having the same typing. 
No super/horde training. Now I have to worry about how many EVs I get every time I faint a SOS pokemon.

If I wanted to see Gen 1 Pokemon everywhere I would play Red and Blue. The encounter rates are horrid. Took almost an hour each to find Bounsweet and Mimikyu. Lack of new Pokemon is kind disappointing, but at least majority of them are viable unlike the Kalos dex.

Only getting ONE of each apricot ball. Never been so tempted to get a powersave just so I can get a proper amount.
- Really poorly-paced plot. There were no major Team Skull plot points or asides prior to Po Town (literally the greatest heist we had to stop Team Skull from pulling off was *stealing a bus stop*), which meant when it came time for the bait & switch villain swap, it went from 0-90 almost instantly. And after the Aether Foundation, it was pretty much just nonstop Lillie interrupting me every 30 steps with a cutscene for the rest of the damn game.

- Ultimately, I didn't like the trials. There was so much ramp-up for each one, which I *did* like, because it felt very gen 5-y, where the gym leaders were actively part of the world and the story. Then they all just wound up being shitty little minigames, three wild Pokemon battles, and one big fight that took under a minute to knock out. They were essentially just gyms without any of the actual fun parts of a gym.

- No great XP or money grinding spots, and with a low-level E4 combined with the XP share nerf, it takes *fucking forever* to raise Pokemon. When the best option in the game is to grind wild Pokemon, something isn't right.

- Online options are an absolute shitshow. Having to drop everything I'm doing to go into the bullshit Festival Plaza and reconnect to the internet *every. single. time.* is exhausting and unnecessary and just plain confusing after having a perfect solution last gen. The GTS etc. are so ancient as it is that throwing it in with the FP just makes *already clunky* systems that much worse.

- The environments felt incredibly empty because the FOV is so tight and you need a lot of room to maneuver due to your ride Pokemon. X/Y and ORAS had a charming amount of detail; SuMo felt like art direction took a huge step backwards while simultaneously being way too demanding on the O3DS. It's sort of the same situation everyone has been complaining about with Dishonored 2: a game that runs like dogshit in many situations, but doesn't really *look* any better than the last entry in the series.

That said, there were still so many ridiculous QOL improvements in this game that I honestly don't feel like I'd be able to comfortably go back to older entries in the series and truly enjoy them. Removing HMs has been a dream of mine for *so long.*
Before I start I just wanna say that this is my favorite pokemon game to date and there are a ton of great improvements over the previous games. However, there are imo some glaring issues.

Z moves. I'm just flat out not a fan. It seems kinda like they just didn't wanna fix the flaws of mega evolution and just swept it under the rug for something else. They were a cute part of the story collecting the crystals but in practice they are just aren't that great. I had to turn off battle animations pretty much solely because of z moves.

Also Beast Boost, Why do half the legendaries in the game share the exact same ability, just seems lazy imo.
Rushed ending was my biggest thing. Like all of a sudden you have the Aether infiltration and then after some lame stuff on Poni, you suddenly are In the Ub world and Lusamine is fusing with nihilego and then 10 minutes later you get the box legendary and fight the league. 
Im pissed we STILL cant change the names of traded pokemon..... my god nothing worse than getting a good pokemon but its either named something dumb or in a different language. And the name carries on even when you evolve ughhhh
I miss the sneaking to catch hidden pokemon. OR/AS was awesome because you could tell if you caught all the pokemon in that area as you progressed, and then you could find pnes with the right nature and abilities without breeding
The UI. Its shit. Its honestly worse then Gen IV games. Why is the lower screen just Rotom Dex and a Map. That is 100% useless to me. They had it perfect in ORAS, map app, fucking pokenav is 100x better then sos battles, wifi features and online support so you could continue to breed/train whatever while still being online.

Fuck the festival plaza. I don't give a single shit about any of the facilities or mini games. Its the most worthless tedious content they've ever produced. I hate having to disconnect from the internet every time i leave the place. 

How the developers could get it so wrong is infuriating. I don't give a shit about the port or whatever for the new console, make the UI friendly for the console your releasing it on then adapt it for the new console later. 


It's super diffcult to grind battle points.
I'm trying to get the ev items, and it's painful.

The Battle Tree, like the Battle Royal, it's programed to beat you. Thay have perfect counters to your pokemon.
Super training and the PSS.  I miss super training.  I am glad hyper Training is here, but I am not sure it is a proper replacement.


im annoyed about the bottom screen because the ORAS bottom screen was so useful

as for the multiplayer, im about to make a post describing my thoughts on that specifically. it coulda been better.

also the dexnav was the best thing in ORAS.
no blissey farms post game
The fact that Alolan Golem looks like goddamn Wario
I still don't have any complaints besides Festival Plaza. WHY did they choose to add that horribly put-together mess over the PSS? It's an absolute nightmare to navigate and figure out, and it doesn't even give an option to find friends; they just appear on the list randomly if you're lucky.
7.8/10 Too much water
The biggest complain I had was removal of the PSS. I wish they found a way to keep it AND include the Festival Plaza. I also wish that they gave this generation of Pokemon more speed. In addition to more speed I wish the edited and lowered the stats of some of the best past competitive Pokemon. 
The lack of expression from the MC offputs me... facially that is. I do admit I get a kick out of the more expressive text options.

You don't get a preview of what your hair will look like before you get it changed, making me save and soft reset the second time I wanted it changed just so I wouldn't lose money.

You can't return gifts to Hau. He's so generous and I want to return the favor. That and being able to let Lillie keep Nebby.

There was quite a bit of slowdown during double battles, and even in Refresh. In cases of Alola Exeggutor and Lunala.

Also, just me here. I was hoping Refresh would have a lot more things than Amie. But it's just about the same minus being able to decorate a cute little room. I would have liked to interact with my Pokémon in more different ways, but I am glad it's back regardless.
The animated smoke texture in Torkoals model really bothers me.......
The amount of time you have to wait between becoming the champion and saving. I mean seriously.
Really? There's NO trainers in Victory Road?? 

I understand that this game rocked the foundations of what made pokemon games prior (no badges, you're the champion, etc etc) - but victory road was always supposed to be the pinnacle of the challenge on the step prior to the E4. To me, it was always supposed to be a grueling test of endurance. 

Do you stray from the beaten path and risk further damage, but potentially find something cool?

I've always thought that You're supposed to limp out of victory road, battered and bruised.

I just blew threw this with all of 3-4 repels. 0 danger. Got all the items. :/
Biggest complaint is with the new map. Idk how to do anything on it. It tells you early on to tap for X but whenever I tap it just talks. 
I have two: Legendaries/Ultra Beasts and Alolan forms.

I know why they did Alolan forms (20th anniversary, give new types to gen 1, etc), but honestly I really kinda don't want them to do that again.

Gen 2 gave the steel and dark type, and the only Pokemon that ended up getting one of the new types was Magnemite and Magneton (Electric to Electric/Steel).

Now we get a lot of Gen 1 pokemon once again getting new types and styles for the hawaii area. A lot of dark, a good bit of ice, and some steel. Also one Dragon, one ghost, one new overall typing (Rock/Electric on Geodude line).

If you remove Alolan forms and don't include starters or Legendaries, Alola gave us:

* 0 dark types (Like Gen 4's no new fire types until post game)

* 1 steel type (Togedemaru)

* 1 Ice type (Crabominable, and he can only be obtained right before the end of the story.)

It felt disapointing in a lot of senses. Yeah I know you can count the Alolan forms as new pokemon but it still feels kinda weird.

Then we have the Legendaries/Ultra Beasts, which is 18 pokemon. Not counting Alolan forms, that's 18 of 81 pokemon, or 22% of the whole lot. With Alolan forms, this is 18 of 99 (18 Alolan forms), or 18% of the whole lot. That's insane. And some people might say Ultra Beasts aren't legendaries, in which case the numbers are smaller (cut in half more or less), but those numbers are still pretty nuts.

EDIT: I made a screw up and fixed it.
I felt like that for every feature they added they removed one. No in-game national pokedex and you can only fish in certain spots as a couple of examples. As well as that Ultra Beasts, with the exception of UB01, were irrelevant. They were the simple Looker sidequest every game has. The post-game is probably one of the worst I think we've had. I personally think it's only better than RBGY and XY. 
I really feel like they took a step backwards on the dowsing system. Since BW, it has been a passive thing that you can leave on and use when a hidden item triggers it. Stoutland moves so slow and it hinders how much I use it. 
Breeding a good female Salandit took a very long time.
I do like Moon.  i play for story and new Pokemon and both definitely had their high points this time around but...

The story had issues towards the end.  Poni Island felt like filler in the story where it should have been building up from the scale of things we saw at the Aether Foundation.  The pacing of the plot from there felt kind of tacked on.  I could go into a lot of detail on that front but yeah.  Story needs cleaned up.  Also how great I can become totally endeared to this character and then after beating the game they're just not in the game anywhere anymore.

Also the game felt short somehow.  I don't know if it's just because you could breeze through all of the routes or what, and it did take me over 40 hours to get to the end of the game, but something about it felt really short.  Maybe the pacing of the story and greater amount of cutscenes had something to do with it.

There seemed to be a real lack of new Pokemon once you got to Ula Ula Island.  From then on it seemed to be, by and large, evolutions of old Pokemon.  It made exploring more tedious and less exciting.  Also SOS battles were a double pain- if you're just casually exploring, they prolonged battles, and good luck if you're trying to catch a pokemon whether it needs to be called in or not.  It's an interesting mechanic, but limit it to certain pokemon or areas, please.

I think those are the big ones for me, alongside it seeming like new pokemon favored certain types and forgot others.  Like, I really enjoy this game and it's probably one of my favorites because it got some things (characters, new pokemon designs) really right, but man there's just something missing here...
My only real complaint is a relatively small one: I wish the GTS would show me all potential trades based on what Pokemon I already have in my box. It would be a lot easier for me see a single list of all Pokémon I could potentially trade for rather than enter a name and then narrow the search results to people looking for Pokémon that I already own. 

I'm not sure if the results would be too large to implement without some kind of restrictions, but it seems like something that could be easily worked around. Like maybe have you put in a list of 5 Pokémon you want rather than showing all Pokémon. 
S.O.S. chaining has got to be one of the worst mechanics introduced in a Pokemon game. Just look at how many threads were made with the most optimal guides on how to make sure the initial chain Pokemon doesn't KO itself. There's no way to track your chains, unless you note it down, and even with a high chain, you're not guaranteed to get its HA. Chained Pokemon don't even have a chance to have Egg moves, either. Just up to 4 perfect IVs, increased shiny chance, and the chance of a Pokemon having its HA. It's very resource consuming, and just pushes me away from even wanting to get HAs and IV breed, no matter how much it would benefit me in the end.

How much of a grind it is to not only get bottle caps, but to level up as well. The inability to re-battle Trainers further cements this, leaving your only options of the Elite Four, daily Trainers, and wild Pokemon.

Super Training/PSS being given the axe for what seems to be no reason, thus making EV training/reducing extremely tedious, especially with how long the EV-reducing berries take to grow (48 hours without Pokebean support, 24 hours with).

The Rotom Dex had so much potential, but it's just a Pokedex with a built-in map that talks to you. Game Freak could have merged DexNav with Poke Finder to actually encourage people to use it and rank it up.

The inability to obtain every single Mega stone, and how overall the mechanic was slashed (ex: Megas being banned in VGC).

The overly E D G Y Pokedex entries. There's been dark entries in the past, that's true, but this time around, it just spikes up and becomes overly E D G Y for a plethora of entries.

We once again have another region that can't stop sucking Kanto's dick.

A plethora of new Pokemon being SO FREAKING SLOW, alongside some Pokemon LOSING SPEED WHEN THEY EVOLVE. I'm looking at you specifically, Torracat to Incineroar. Speaking of Pokemon, 81 new Pokemon in total disappointed me, too.

There might be a few other things I missed, but these are overall the things I disliked about Sun/Moon. With all the complaining I've been doing, you'd think I hate the game, but that's false. Sun/Moon have probably been one of my more favorite generations.
I need Lillie to come back. She never comes back.
The HP bar animation
I really miss how online features such as trading and battling were so easily accessible in XY and ORAS but not in SuMo. Took me 20 minutes the other day to figure out how to trade with my friend so he could get an Alakazam. Friends should have been specifically highlighted in Festival Plaza or something.
The plaza and the lag mostly.


The plaza break the experience too much, instead of offering a streamless experience, it break it into> online/offline.

That's not a good idea, especially when the dual screen has proven to be useful in gen 6.


It's also quite confusing at first, and even when you understand everything and have high level plaza, the concept is not very well executed.(some question don't make a lot of sense and are random, i don't really feel like am getting to know people and feeling closer to people i met ect).
I have yet to have those random battle from people i used to have in PSS when i just put in my profile "i want to battle", because link battle allow you more flexibility, you play 6 vs 6 and see the nickname and stuff like that.
Now 99% of the battle are in the battle spot, and for some reason it seem very hard to reach anyone wanting to just do a god damn link battle.


It's like the plaza is not really achieving it's goal, it make people even less "humain" than PSS, and i think the intention was the opposite.

I like the fact that you need to help each other with getting version exclusive stuff, but it just not very well executed for the most part.
The lack of shiny hunting methods! Yes SOS battles are neat and I figured pokeradar from XY and dexnav from ORAS wouldn't carry over... but I really thought they'd keep hordes and chain fishing. 
The fact that there is literally one complex cave.
There are several small niggles I have with this game that has already been mentioned (for example, no move tutors, getting to level 100 is more tricky than neccessary, no frontier, several alolan exclusives are much rarer than older generation mons for some reason). However, there is one gripe I have with this game that eclipses everything else tenfold.

No D-pad movement.

Seriously? Why? Who thought this was a good idea? This has the following issues:

* It makes it far more painful to breed (As if the removal of infiniloop from ORAS wasn't bad enough)
* It makes it much more annoying to navigate long stretches
* It significantly disrupt the flow of Festival Plaza missions where you want to do specific movements to properly walk past people without getting stuck, making mission grinding more annoying than it has to be

These are the big issues, but it makes it more annoying to move around in the game in general. I hate this change.
I dislike the circle pad. I keep usage of it to an absolute minimum. I also have a hard time not sliding off it with my thumb.
I hate the fact that this game is 50% Kanto and our player's expression changes like, 3 times the whole game. It litereally ruined the emersion for me.

Other then that, I can tolerate the silliness.
Where to start?

* Cutscene overload. You can barely walk two steps without getting interrupted for the millionth time for menial nonsense. And it just doesn't stop; I just landed on the fourth island, had a big long cutscene upon landing, then took a half-second jog forward and immediately got interrupted for the cutscene where you meet the guy on the boat with the Pelipper. LET ME PLAY THE DAMN GAME.

* Railroading. It is honestly disgraceful how bad the railroading is in this game. Every single town or route exit that you're not "supposed" to take yet is blocked off. You are constantly forced to take the One Truth Path and can never head off to the next route before you're allowed. Sometimes it's a guy riding his Stoutland who won't let you through. Sometimes its a rowdy Tauros blocking the road. Sometimes its literally just a person standing there who wont let you pass until you do exactly what you're supposed to do. Sometimes I don't want to do story stuff, sometimes I just want to explore for a while, but that is completely impossible in S/M because you can NEVER LEAVE the town or Route you're on until the game is satisfied that you've done all the story stuff in the area. It's so awful, the whole game might as well be on rails. I feel like I'm playing a Walking Dead Telltale game sometimes with how little I'm allowed to wander.

* Overworld interaction is gone. Even if I were allowed to explore (which I'm not), there's nothing to explore. There are no rock puzzles, no ice puzzles, nothing unique to do on any given Route. They're all aesthetically different but again might as well be on rails. Every single Route is just "follow the path and fight a few trainers". There's not even much off-the-beaten track stuff to explore because the Routes aren't particularly expansive. The game looks nice but its mostly wasted on the most barren, uniteractive, railroaded overworld the series has ever seen. It feels clinical and sterile.

* There are a million degradations in quality of life features. You have to press A to enter a building - why? The PSS is gone, replaced with a much worse alternative that is far less intuitive. X doesn't close menus. You can't switch a Pokemon after selecting it (this is 20 years of learned, muscle-memory behaviour you're trying to undo here, GameFreak!). No Trainer rematches. Everything just feels a little less well thought-out than it was in Gen 6.

* Alolan Forms were a disappointment. There aren't enough and the distribution is so odd; Ninetales gets one but not Arcanine. MArowak gets one but not Cubone. Dugtrio. Some Pokemon get their stats re-arranged and others don't. It's just a mess. Their approach to Megas was by far better - given both to popular 'mons to generate hype, and to various less popular Pokemon for diversity. Alolan forms were almost exclusively given to Pokemon nobody really cared about all that much to begin with (with the exception of Ninetales and Marowak).

* Animation laziness. The main character's face basically isn't animated. Some moves are animated quite poorly too. No excuse for it.

* Z-Moves are terrible. They're not even an interesting mechanic, they're just a one-use-only high BP nuke. Because what we really need is MORE power-creep and MORE Pokemon capable of blindly OHKO'ing everything else.

* Very few trainers have more than two or three Pokemon. Most are just fodder, with very little challenge.

* Totem battles suck. Fighting three piss-weak Wishiwashi, then fighting one School-Form Wishiwashi, all of which get OHKO'd by my Pikachu's Electro Ball, is not a fun or engaging challenge. This also ties in to the complete lack of environmental puzzles, as all the Trials are simply "follow the cues" rather than actually solving a puzzle like Gyms of the past. And a Gym Leader is always going to be a more imposing and hype-worthy challenge than fighting a single Pokemon with a random stat boost. Trials are just lame and anti-climactic the whole way through. Not to say that the Gym format isn't getting a little stale, but Trials are worse in every conceivable way.

I could go on but it starts getting more subjective, ie. I don't like most of the new Pokemon designs (particularly the starters) and the new mechanics like SOS battles are mostly just worse versions of what we had before (hordes would have been better if levels weren't auto-adjusted downwards) but I think the list I put together above is most of the stuff that is just categorically crap about S/M.
I wanted a whole new set of pokemon, not to get to the first area with wild pokemon and run into abras, growliths, spearows.. ect.. like just a complete new pokedex worth of pokemon. rather than like a 50 50 mix, Alolan versions are awesome so if they had made all those previous gen pokemon alolan variants than that would have been sweet. or to unlock the ability to be able to register old gen pokemon meaning you can get them in the wild.

or how about the fact that pokebank exists now. we dont need previous gen pokeman in the new gen game. we can pass them over now. Granted new players, but still..

PLUS

The fact that the main toon is 11. Yes kids game, but being able to be at least psh 18 or something... would be nice.

---

Seeing Dhelmise in the E4 was fucking awesome, with how much info was brought out pre-release i was hoping i would get to be surprised by a few brand new pokemon i had not seen pre-game.
Stealth Rock is still the same, there's no reason it should take half of a mon's life just because of its typing. As well as a lot of other million things, 1v1 is pretty broken unless you ban A LOT of stuff and VGC will be plagued by the same 20 or so pokémon (sometimes you'll even see the exact same teams in top 5), but that's a topic for another time, I guess.
It bothers me with how slow most of the new Pokémon are. You've got Pokémon that don't even look slow at abysmal numbers. Mudsdale with 36 base speed, golisopod 40, incineroar at 60, and decidueye at 70 just to name a few. It all just seems wrong with their designs. Plus they all have such strange stat allocations in general that their strength hardly makes up for it. 

I also hate how the pseudo-legendary is once again only "okay" at best. They should always instantly be top-tier Pokémon. Kommo-o has a fantastic design yet his attack only hits base 110. His defense should be able to make up for it but he's weak to dragon, psychic, flying, ice, and a quad weakness to fairy which he already can't touch. To top it all off, his best fighting move is sky uppercut... come on, game freak, make pseudo legendaries live up to their name. 

Finally, the ultra beasts are terribly designed - statistically and aesthetically. They will over-centralize the competitive metagame for sure, and they look like a little kid drew their nightmares. 
double battle lag (and especially battle royale lag) and the fact that GTS still sucks
Lack of pokemon diversity. Every route had Rattata/Yungoos, Alola Diglett/Zubat if it was a cave, Wingull/Tentacool if it was wet, a couple pokemon that were on every route on that island, and *maybe* a unique species or two. I was trying to catch as many species as I could, and after the second island I gave up because only 20% of the encounter table on most routes was species that I didn't already have. It seems ridiculous to me to introduce a system where each patch of grass has its own encounter table, then only use 300 species out of 800 they have to pick from now.

And why were there so many species that were 1-5% normally, and 10-20% in the rustling spots? Dratini, Feebas, Bruxish, Dhelmise, I think Corsola was like that, then Mareanie was another 1-5% from an SOS call, some pokemon were just ridiculous to find. I can see doing a couple of those for flavor, but there were way too many.

I've got mixed feelings about the trials. I've always wanted a sequence like the ghost trial, where you've got ghosts messing with you as you make your way through an abandoned building. But holy shit, it's so underwhelming. You get a battle with each member of the Gastly line, that takes like 3 minutes, the totem battle, and that's it. And the area only contains 2 ghosts, Golbat, and Klefki. I want Rotom messing with the lights and Litwicks following me around and some of the other ghost and object pokemon messing with me. They've got plenty to choose from.

I loved the concept of the trials, but the execution was underwhelming. They were all battles with 2-4 pokemon, then a totem battle, with some gimmick in between. The gimmicks and puzzles felt a little better than they did with the gyms, but at least the gyms mixed up the number of trainers between you and the leader.
The Festival Plaza as a festival area is fine. It's not as good as some of the other areas like it in past games, but on its own, it's fine.

HOWEVER, when this shit got involved with my communications system, that's when I started to despise it. 

I miss the PSS so much now, because what took a mere minute to do in X/Y/OR/AS now takes 10 because the system is fucking broken and won't let me see my friends because they have to be registered as a "VIP". Me and my friends spent at least half an hour trying to find each other, register each other as VIP's, and hope that it showed all of us as being online, because even though we all were it still didn't show all of us as being online. Why is there no dedicated Friends list? Who knows, but now the process of battling someone over the internet became a whole lot more tedious.
All the god damn dialouge, dragged on so long I think it really staggered the pace of the game, after the second island however it improves. My only other problem was victory road or lack there of, felt tacked on and was disappointed I didn't have a final challenge before E4
Too much Gen 1 pandering. Biggest gripe.

It's hard to find some Alolan Pokemon. Took me a long time to get a Fluffy Stufful, and nobody would be able to find a Mareanie without searching the Internet where it is. Meanwhile Gen 1 Pokes are everywhere (which was the gen which I disliked a lot of the designs)

Lots of battles where you can't save before fighting because you didn't expect it. A lot of cutscenes will happen before the battle so if you did save before them, you'll have to watch them all over again. That damned Raichu killed me and I wasn't able to do anything to battle Hau again.

Some good TMs are only obtained late in the game. Some even post game. Good luck to your Pokemon if it can't learn Scald or Brick Break or if it has a shitty Hidden Power.

The Ride music fking sucks. I often just run because the route music is awesome and I can't be bothered with that terrible Ride music.

A lot of Alolan Pokemon are SLOW. Every final starter evo is slower than Venusaur. Vikavolt looks fast as hell but it's even slower than Grubbin.

Where are the Ice type buffs... Actually, where are the Ice types in general. Crabominable is the only new one not counting Alolan forms, and you can only get it late in the game, also it sucks. Also we don't have an actual Ice type expert. Why does GF hate Ice types???

No more Blissey bases. Also no more DexNav. DexNav was awesome and we only get it for half a generation.
First island takes WAAAAY too long simply due to over extended dialogue and cutscenes, same goes for credits; what if I had low battery and wasn't near a charger, I could lose all my progress from at least the last battle just because I had to watch a huge animation. It was great story telling don't get me wrong, but let me save at some point so I can sleep or stop at a reasonable time plz.
Not being able to hit the B button to run away from a wild battle. 

Why isn't this a thing in ANY Pokemon game??? D: 
I'm still early in the game. My complaints are:

Everything is slower. Movement, battles, everything. The first whole island is a giant tutorial, and it feels bad.

Lillie  and Hau (as of the second island) has all the personality of a signpost. People seem to like Lillie, but it takes too long for the characters to feel interesting, second island and they don't feel interesting. Blue felt interesting immediately. And that was Gen 1.
The cutscenes, I felt like every 30 steps or so I'd be forced to watch one. It made the game feel longer in the worst way. 
The fact that whenever you get a new item or new option in the menu, it will continuously blink "NEW!" Until you click on it or hover over it in your bag. God, I hated it so much. Yes, I know I have this thing, and this game can be such a collectathon at times that I don't need to be told when I get new items. Going and scrolling through everything just to get it to go away was really a hassle. 

Speaking of the bag, really disappointed I can no longer sort by item/name/number. Finding things can be such a chore now. 


Nursery doesn't raise EXP and also costs 5x yet they say it's cheaper 
The SOS feature is the bane of my existence. It's fine once in a while, but I'm just trying to catch a low level Pokémon and I have knock out Pokémon for ten minutes because it calls for help as fast as I can knock it out, that's a design problem.

I never really cared much for the story in Pokémon, but people had been hyping it around the internet this time around, so I didn't completely skip through it. But having played through the game now, I totally could have. I really liked the whole trial thing, especially how smooth and streamlined in felt. But then Lillie and her mother and brother and the Aether Foundation and urgh. We meet Lillie's mother for like two minutes and then we're supposed to care that she turns evil? Her children hardly even care. I guess it's just the anime tropes for me, but this story was on par with pretty much every other game in the franchise. They should have just fleshed out the trials more, fleshed out Team Skull more (I know they're supposed to be silly, but it just came across as lazy in the end) and skipped the whole Aether Foundation bit.
Hmm, probably similar to everyone else's gripes, I miss the bottom half of the screen from Gen 6:

* Player Search System was amazing. Festival, not so much.
* Super Training was what got me to actually bother with EV training for my team. It's a step backwards in this game.
* Speaking of Super Training, I actually enjoyed the stupid mini-games like it and the ones in Pokemon-amie. Pokemon Refresh feels like a chore without balloon bopping.
* Pokefinder seems to go nowhere. You take pictures to upgrade your camera to take pictures better. A trial makes use of the feature, but it should've had a more involved role in this game. At least not have it be relegated to designated spots.
* Speaking of designated spots, the game feels a bit more on rails than usual. Pokerides are nice but impersonal, fishing is only at select locations, and the amount of "no you can't come through here yet" nonsense was a little tiring. It felt like the player had an invisible tour guide the whole time, slowing the player down. Until it suddenly felt the need to shove the player through the end.

I guess that's all I really have that could potentially be "legitimate". The only other things I have to gripe about are small potatoes in the end, like chair sitting and sifting through trash cans.

Poke Beans are too far and few between. You get loads when you play through the game but post-game you will eventually run out and it takes a while to rebuild them. You should be able to get them a lot easier, even if it's through Pokemon battles or something (maybe a wild Pokemon drops them.)
Just the crippling lag of double battles and battle royale matches on 3DS XL.
boring end game kinda did it for me. I am pretty bummed since I bought both sun/moon and I am not sure I will play moon as my sun dex is done and there is no need for moon.

If the festival plaza was actually fun then I wouldn't mind getting the 5 star rare kitchen but there is only so many times you can do the type matching missions without losing your effing mind.

I will be going back to xenoblade chronicles to wrap that up, but I will certainly pop sun back in for any events.

I miss the mazelike dungeons and labyrinths that you get to navigate. Most of the areas are very linear.
I really miss the EV training arena I could do in Pokemon X and Y, the one where you could fly around and try to hit the targets to power up your pokemon's stats. That was just a really fun feature I sorely miss in this new installment. I also wish they'd included the mini games to earn beans rather than shaking a beanstalk once a day (since I'm prone to overfeeding my pokemon and I really hate how I have to ration the beans to both feed them and develop islands).

Another thing that grinds on my nerves, and I'm pretty sure this is just a personal opinion, is the constant unavoidable cut scenes that drag on forever.
Most of the mega stones aren't available within the game which is bullshit. I could deal if it were a few of the broken ones like Mewtwo and Kangekhan but it's stuff like the Hoenn starters and ampharos.
It is nearly impossible for my friends and I (on strong wifi together or apart) to get link battles working. To the point we get infuriated.
I hate that i can't throw a pokeball when there's 2 pokemon in battle,  it's just annoying.
The damn intro took over 2 hours to get done...
1. XP grinding is non existent, i hate e4 farming cause theres sooooo many interrupts, is a 30 min commitment, and you really dont get much exp.
2. The interruptions in story. S/M has by far the best story and villians, but dear lord, every 12 steps im interrupted by a 2 minute talking convo, i swear i spent more time in convos then i did farming, sometimes i just like to trek/battle my way to the next town uninterrupted, then go on massive story events once im there.
3. SOS battle ratios, they should be WAY rarer, or only happen after X turns, i hate farming in sun and moon if you cant one hit kill a wild enemy. For chaining, make it so the adrenaline orb REALLY raises the SOS, less failed calls, but they never really start until you do use it
Once you've beaten the game, it is ridiculously hard to get into breeding a decent team.

Destiny knot requires 48Bp to get, but in order to get bp you have to fight against competitive ready teams or pray to get lucky with battle royal. You earn 1 bp at a time if you're not lucky, and the battles have like 3 minutes of waiting just to get started.

You can't effectively ev train either because in order to reset evs you have to spend a ridiculous amount of time in the shitty plaza to get the right buildings which can only be used once a day anyway, or invest an insane amount of money on ev subtracting items or berries.

Your only recourse is to get a good SOS chaining Mon, SOS chain some decent iv Mons, then SOS chain their EVs, then level them up to 50, so that you now have a team which has a small chance of being able to complete, so that you can get your destiny knot.

Only then can you actually start breeding 5IV+ Pokemon so that you can do the chaining all over again for EVs.

All of this because GF didn't want to just give you a destiny knot, and because they took away super training, so no more reset bags.

The level of grind just to start breeding at a meaningful level is stupid, and I hate it. Ive honestly put the game down for a few days now because I'm so mad about it, and repeatedly losing battle royals because my Pokemon just doesn't have it's evs right for kill securing after waiting through the starting intro and team selection every time is so painful.

If anyone wants to give me a destiny knot I'd love you forever. I just want to start breeding my scyther properly already.
NPC trainers need more Pokémon, and stronger Pokémon.

* a Team Skull grunt in Po Town, his home base, a late-game location, should not have one fomantis 

* Hau and Gladion, your rivals, should have 6-man teams with more evolved Pokémon

* Guzma, who is otherwise perfect in every way, should have a 6-man team in all of his fights.  There is no excuse for him to be easy
Eh, Feebas in the original RSE games was already worse than Dhelmise, so...
The god damn two hour long tutorial
Character customization. Every clothing shop just has the same two shirts, two pants, some socks and a hat. And on top of that, they only come in like five colors. My favorite color is red, I shouldn't have to give a dye shop 90 berries to unlock dark red, then pay 100 fucking festival coins per article of clothing to dye it. It's ridiculous. X/Y's character customization was so much better.
And that you aren't given the option to send out a second pokemon when a wild encounter calls for help. The SOS function was fine in the totem battles, but allowing every wild Pokemon to call for help makes trying to catch anything a nightmare 
The ending sequence goes for like 45 minutes with no points to save at. 
I know it was kind of a way for people to use the Poke Pelago treasure hunting island but when you aren't able to find a sun stone or a dawn stone to evolve that Petalil/Cottonee or Snorunt until later on, it kinda got me upset that I basically had to plan late-game for them. This was also before I knew that new Pelago islands don't replace your current one. (was afraid of the Pokebean one getting replaced if I upgraded a new island) The same goes for the Feebas you can catch early-on. Do they really think we'll keep a Feebas for that long until we find that Prism Scale on Poni Island?
Movement feels... weird. I don't know how to explain it, but movement in the ORAS overworld felt better to me. Definitely grateful that we have full 3D movement inside buildings this time though.

Battles generally seem slower to react. It takes a good half second for the game to seem to acknowledge that I entered an input command. Not so bad in the odd trainer battle, infuriating after trying to grind out levels. 

The Rotomdex. The lower screen in ORAS was perfect. It had a map, various map functions in different tabs, and a couple of extras to save on X menu clutter. Now? I have a pair of blinking eyes that remove the map every single goddamn time the quest marker moves, and I have a tiny blurry map that more often than not triggers the 'where do I go, what do I do?!' prompt from the Rotom. It's an absolute goddamn disgrace that they shelved the perfect menu UI from HGSS and general purpose lower screen from ORAS for a 80% solid red texture that fucking *blinks*. God I hope they change it.

Cutscenes. Holy fuck the cutscenes. I get that Game Freak are trying to make Pokemon a little more modern by including basic cutscenes in their new 3D engine, but it's obscene. The first island could be cut down to 15 minutes if it wasn't for the inane 3 second, unskippable cutscenes that trigger after every third step. I legitimately got *bored* of Moon after an hour because I was dreading having to deal with another tutorial cutscene around every corner. They ease off once you make it to the second island, but fuck me they hit you hard with them in the beginning.

Even more Rotomdex hate. Why is it, after **EVERY** Pokemon capture, it feels the need to chime in and tell me to "check out that Pokemon you just caught!". A game mechanic that has existed since the first Pokemon game that was entirely perfect in it's first run now suddenly has an extra, unnecessary, irritating step.

No rival urgency. I want a rival like Gary. I want a rival that *wants* to beat me, that acts a bit headstrong and arrogant. All the rivals from the most recent games feel like they could be entirely removed from the game and you'd never even notice. There is nothing *driving* them to beat me in a trainer battle. If they lose, then oh well, friendship is more important! They don't ever get *angry* at the fact that I've OHKO'd all of their Pokemon every single time he takes them out of a ball in a battle with me. Playing the bad guy is *fun*, sure, but it isn't *fun* when your rival doesn't have any reaction to the situation.

The camera. I get that not everybody is going to have a N3DS or the CirclePadPro and that GF are catering to the entire 3DS crowd and not N3DS owners in particular, but you've designed a great 3D engine, Game Freak, I want to be able to see it properly. The close up camera just makes it more difficult to see my surroundings, which is a real shame considering how great the world looks. 

Pure nostalgia. I miss the HGSS look of Pokemon games. I felt that you could convey a lot more detail in a scene when everything was beautifully designed pixel art. Not to mention, you could cram more stuff on screen as sprites are far less demanding. The overworld feels a little empty too, in comparison. Definitely more like a real world, but my take-away from Pokemon is that it's a game, it isn't really supposed to mimic the real world. They won me over in ORAS by having the lower map be original pixel art of the area in Ruby and Sapphire, now everything feels more like GPS than an homage to previous games. Obviously not applicable to main sequence games that don't have a remake (yet?). This is more of a pet peeve than an actual issue with the game.

Other general nitpicks:
Definite lack of clothing. 
Moving Pokemon in your team without using the stylus requires an extra button press for no reason. Press Y to swap, then press Y on the Pokemon you want to swap, then Y on the place you want to move it to.
Tutorials. This is the 8th or 9th time I've had to run through the same tutorial. I know how to play Pokemon. I could do it with my eyes closed. Tutorials are for *new* mechanics, not mechanics that you guys got right in their first iteration in the *90s*.

The fact that this is literally the only Pokémon game where you can't fish anywhere. I love how you can fish up items now, but you mean to tell me fish Pokémon only exist in these scattered vents? *Really?*
Coming from a competitive player, no infinite loop for breeding, no Le Wow for leveling. That's about it honestly. 
Not enough clothing options, new fishing mechanic is annoying, lack of new mega's, lack of new pokemon, legendaries are still shiny locked, no national dex, no trainer card that changes colours, no latios/as flight mechanic (which is sad because I could have finally gotten to ride on a charizard), lille left, too much water.
I miss Super training. And the Battle Chateau.
Several things, here we go.

1. The fact that they once again had a stroke in regards to trainer rematches and reasonable level grinding, despite the fact that they covered that exceptionally well in ORAS and quite well in X and Y.

2. Why is every new pokemon so god awfully slow.

3. The removal of triple battles. 

4. The lag in doubles. Probably the reason why they removed Triples.

5. The removal of super training. It was so beneficial for pokemon you wanted to have specific EV's, and I thought it was just really fun.

Not enough to deter me from it though. Definitely one of the best installments for the main game/story. Late game is workable, sadly the worst of the more recent installments (ORAS, X and Y)
I feel like the ending for Sun & Moon after you beat the final boss dragged on for WAY too long.
I'm skill kind of annoyed that there are very few trainers with 3 or more Pokemon in their team. That's not to say there weren't some surprise challenges in there, but still.

Male clothing options are pretty lackluster.

The Electric and Ice evolution locations are pretty much at the very end of the game.

They *really* didn't try very hard at all to hide the fact that Lusamine is the villain. She sends up tons of red flags when you first meet her.
1. Encounter rates of new Pokemon are sometimes bullshittingly low.  Some I get, but so many others are ridiculous.  To my knowledge, I never even encountered any of the Grubbin line in the wild, which baffles me (though maybe I'm just unlucky).  Female Salandits might as well not exist with how much unsuccessful chaining I've done.  I also really wanted a Passimian, but it wasn't until after completing my third trial that I realized they were back in Lush Jungle with a 5% encounter rate.  

2. I don't like that Z crystals take up the spot for hold items, also meaning that Pokemon can only have one Z move available at a time.  There's already a limit of one use per battle, so I don't see why my options have to be limited too.

3. Why the hell are there so few Alolan Pokemon?  For that matter, why did only gen 1 Pokemon get Alolan forms?  We have a grand total of 18 Alolan forms in Sun and Moon.  Not counting pre-evolutions, we have a measly 10.  In X and Y, 28 Pokemon across the first four generations got mega evolutions, and some of them got two.  So much lost potential.
Hyper Potions only heal 120 HP now
So this list will SEEM long, but it's only because I don't have a list of Likes to compare it to. This game is FANTASTIC and I am having a BLAST. Something I haven't done since RBY/SG/SS/HG

1. Hand holding. The map even has a little flag telling you where to go. I really miss the grown up feeling of having to figure out where you needed to go. The flag on the map just makes me feel like I'm going where it wants no thought involved. 

2. Dialogue. I get this is a game for kids... But there are also Millions of us who grew up with the game. Does it have to be so bubbly? Everything seems a bit stylized for kids. I mean it can still be a kids game AND have darker themes to it. I replayed Yellow the month before SM came out, and it was fine. It felt... More adult. I don't know how to describe it. 

3. Rivals. I noticed this in BW also, and it was one of the biggest reasons I lost interest about halfway through. Why are they always friends now? Part of the fun of a rival was that he was a brat and you took pride in showing him whats what. I don't WANT to destroy Haus team. Also what happened to the Rival picking the opposite type of Pokemon? 

4. Mary Sue. This is a term in books when the main character is a bit of a wonder child. In the older games you started out as a bit of a scrub. You were just some kid who had Pokemon and you had to PROVE your worth to the people in the game, so that by the time the game was over you were revered. In this you're praised CONSTANTLY from day 1. I don't want to start out some Pokemon Legend, I want to defy adversity and become the greatest despite the people along the way trying to drag me down. Don't GIVE me status MAKE ME EARN IT!

5. Items. I don't think I have bought a SINGLE item the whole game besides Poke balls at the discount mart. People heal you at every turn. Behind every rock is a Max Revive. The store is useless. I have almost a Mill which I will use to by stat items like Calcium, but other than that nothing was needed, everything was always just handed to me. It's easy to be the best when people just keep handing you the tools to do it. 

6. Villains. Team skull is so damn cringey. Again I understand it's a kids game, but you don't have to dumb it down THAT much. The whole game I felt no investment on my end, until nearly the end at Aether Paradise. Before that it was just going through the motions. 

7. The poses. Hau... Stop doing that arms behind the head and leg crossed pose. You can do more than 1 pose. Trust me. Same goes for Gladion, WTF is that arm across the head other arm across your body pose he keeps doing? Stop it, or please do other ones too. 

7. The ripple spots are supposed to disappears when you run over it. Fine. But can they fix the issue where it disappears and you're still like 5 feet away lol. 

8. More clothing options. I want FULL ON COSTUMES. Why do all these crazy trainers get to use these cool themed outfits? Like the dudes in the Karate Gi's. I want costumes so I can live my life long Pokemon dream of being the POKEMON SAMURAI. I wanna be in a full set of Japanese Samurai armor with the scary face mask and all. 

9. Can I get a dad? Lemme get a dad just this once. Pls. 

That's it though. I just really wish they would make it a little more grown up. Maybe like a hard mode setting, or a teen setting or something where they change the dialogue and some of the game stuff like rivals. I feel like a creepy old fart when I play the newer stuff. It's like walking into a room and watching a older guy play with playskool stuff by himself. 

But like I said, the good FAR outweighs the bad and I am having an absolute blast. 
1. Beginning cutscenes were too long.  It took me 20mins to get my starter, and who knows how long to actually catch a Pokemon.  That's too much time.

2. Another negative on cutscenes in general, they are unskippable.  This will seriously hurt replay value since the player will already know the story and may not be that interested in seeing Hau eat a Malasada again.

3.  You mentioned this but lack of XP grinding locations.  Only places for me to grind now seem to be the Pokemon League, final routes in Poni island, and some high level trainers you can fight like Game Freak guy.  Otherwise there really isn't anywhere to grind which if you weren't working on your Pokedex during the game will be a pain to complete post-game.

4.  Post game.  The post game is VERY lacking.  There is the battle tree, which imo doesn't seem all that interesting, and the Ultra Beast quest which takes very little time to complete.  There's no true battle frontier equivalent, No second continent like in G/S/C, not really a lot to sink into post game, after UB quest it's just kinda over.

5.  Clothing.  Now I think the female option is actually pretty good and unlike X/Y I feel I was able to make a character design that I was rather proud of.  The male option I can't say the same, they have far fewer options and all their faces look very girly too.  However I have always felt ever since female characters were introduced that the female character design was superior to the male design so idk it may never get better.

6. Technical.  A major technical problem that I think may be the biggest problem since it is objective is that the framerate drops significantly during doubles battles.  That's something that should just not be happening, at all.

7. Ride Pokemon Ok I like that HMs are gone but there are various problems with the Ride system.  For one, you are forced into wearing this ugly getup instead of your actual clothing which in battle looks gross.  And two you lose the ability to have it be YOUR pokemon that you are surfing on and YOUR Pokemon that is crushing rocks.  Instead it is some manufactured Pokemon forced into this job that isn't even your own Pokemon.  I'd be much happier if you either were given the Pokemon and had it assigned as a rider or if you had to catch the Pokemon you needed for riding and could assign it to be a surf Pokemon so you wouldn't have to have it in your team taking up space (however this would work best if there are multiple Pokemon to ride on not just a select few).

8. Not enough Alolan Pokemon forms.  Every Kanto Pokemon in this game should have had an Alolan form.  All of them.  I am sick of catching Caterpie and having to evolve it into Butterfree even though there is nothing different about them 20 years later.  Some of the Alolan pokemon were pretty lazy (looking at you diglett) but at least they are A LITTLE different than what I've been catching for the past 20 years.

9. The new Pokemon are too rare in this game.  Why is it that I find Wingull and Pelipper everywhere but popular new pokemon like Mimikyu have a 5% catchrate and can only be found in one place?  There are too many new Pokemon that are rare this generation that shouldn't be.  I like playing Pokemon games and having an entirely new team and it was far more difficult to do that this generation than any other I've experienced.  The new pokemon should have been far more abundant than the old one's we've seen a billion times before.

10. Festival Plaza.  Idk about you guys but I find Festival Plaza rather uninteresting and the minigames on it got stale fast.  I played for a short while leveling up my plaza and then just got bored of it all.  I like running around and looking at other character designs but it seems to me to be too much busy work to get better shops in the plaza.  The minigames just aren't all that great and well y'know I'd rather be playing Pokemon.

11. SOS.  I like SOS overall however it is WAY TOO COMMON.  Pretty much any Pokemon you lower to red hp will call an ally even when you do not use an adrenaline orb.  The rate at which they call an ally should be lower, specifically in the wild.  I did like it in Totem battles and when Pokemon like Corsola and Carbink would call ally's like Sableye and Mareanie who would then proceed to kill them cause they are low health and thus easy prey but for most of the others the function gets old after you end up seeing it in nearly every battle especially if you are trying to catch a Pokemon.  I understand the rate can't be lowered though cause it'd make it a pain to get shiny and HA Pokemon, but I believe they could've come up with a different method you'd need to accomplish to get those type of Pokemon instead.

12. No puzzles.  What I enjoyed about early Pokemon games and with each new generation seemed to dwindle more and more were the puzzles you would need to complete in certain areas such as gyms.  This game has no puzzles.  None.  They could've easily had made the moving stones in the ruins more difficult or require more Ride Pokemon to make it more of a challenge.  I'd say the only area in the game that was puzzle like(in a gym sort of sense) was Po town at the house.  Otherwise all the trials in the game felt less like puzzles to complete and more like tasks you were given.

13. Various stuff I miss from past gens.  Stuff that I miss and will always miss, walking with your Pokemon, having television that's actually interesting to watch(in this game it seems the only thing on is Malasadas), and Match calls where you can fight trainers on routes you've previously fought before.  That stuff I'll forever miss.

14. Malasadas.  A lot of cities had a Malasada shop but overall I felt Malasadas weren't well incorporated into the game.  In fact they felt rather pointless considering all the other options you have in the game to increase happiness with your Pokemon that are also more interactive methods such as Pokemon Refresh(which I consider an immense improvement from Amie)

15. The towns, routes, and cities.  A positive of this game unlike any other is that it felt very cohesive, every place and every detail from story to character design created a nice cohesive whole.  However a negative was that no place truly stood apart.  There was no truly memorable area like a Lumiose city in X/Y nor any memorable route like a route 113 in R/S/E.  Many of the towns felt rather forgettable and only a handful of them had personality.  The routes are even worse in terms of memorability.  There are towns that have personality, however you don't spend enough time in them, especially post game (places like Po town, Malie city, Paniola, and KoniKoni come to mind).  These places had potential to be rather memorable Pokemon areas, but overall due to lack of content, especially post-game in them, they will most likely be forgotten.

16. And finally a problem that plagues all nintendo games, lack of options.  This is in a very general sense, from a technical and subjective standpoint.  In a technical point, the inability to both skip cutscenes and also include lack of options for sound so that you can listen to the music without sound effects or perhaps turn off the ride music when using ride pokemon.  In a subjective sense it would be lack of options for your character design and also lack of options in dialogue, I want more than just two options when talking to a character, and I want them to yield more than just one response.
I hate that people keep asking for Pokemon who are hard to find, and that *Rockruff* is one of them! WHY DID YOU HIDE THE CUTE PUPPY IN A CAVE?!
I really dislike the new festival plaza. They tried, but it just doesn't fit imo.


Gonna be that guy, but the first games of a generation don't usually have that good grinding.  XY was the same.

It's the Third-Game/Sequels/Remakes that get those fancy features. Dunno why.
I'm going to start by saying I liked this game less than XY and previous instalments. 

1: lack of Pokémon diversity. XY gave us a small generation as well, but at least they had options for having unique teams. XY sacrificed new Pokémon for mega evolution which in the end I learned to enjoy megas. SM gave us random half-assed not well thought out alola Kanto pokemon (see dugtrio). Also, I like having teams from only the newest gen and not using repeats from the past. I like teams that have evolution. SM has at least 15 non evolving individual pokemon, then tack on like a dozen ultra beasts, which the UB and alola forms just serve as this gens megas to avoid giving us more new Pokémon.  So with that and the starters at least half of gen 7 is gone. My brother and best friend both used like 5/6th of the same teams due to lack of variety. 

2: ultra beasts. I can't stand them. They add absolutely nothing to the story and only serve as post game addition. I thought for sure in the trailers that the aether foundation would be creating them for some purpose, based off of the humanoid or anthropogenic looks most have. But nope, instead they are essentially pokemon from another dimension or world and serve no real purpose other than to give the "plot twist" antagonist a reason to exist. 

3: story was weak and very predictable. The moment I saw lusamine I knew she would connect to the only other 2 blond white characters somehow. It was another boring trying to take over the world scenario. 

4: linearity. My lord this game had more cutscenes than any game it felt like. Also the lack of being able to explore was infuriating. Like I was forced to use the same damn pokemon until I finally got to the next part. It was as bad as b2w2 with the number of stupid excuses why you can't go down certain roads. 

5: difficulty finding pokemon and bad move sets. This gen had a ridiculous amount of grinding to find each pokemon. Mareanie, dhelmise, the dragon trio, mimikyu,  female salandit, just to name a few, all have insanely low finding rates. I spent hours early game running from haunters, wingulls, etc. Just to go to the new gen. A lot of Pokémon have awful move sets too. Mimikyu learns one attacking fairy type. Toxapex gets one water attack at 58. Decidueye gets one grass move past razer leaf.  I could go on. 

6: fishing. They fucking destroyed fishing. It's by far the worst change they made. I know most agree so I won't even elaborate. 

7: festival Plaza. It's a pain in the ass trying to trade with friends. Half the time I have to exit and come back in just to get them to pop up on the guest list. It's an annoying function I loved the way XY handled trading, so damn easy. 

8: extreme lag during double battle and the removal of any sort of 3D function. I liked using 3D when watching them evolve. Minor complaint but still there. 

Overall I've been disappointed. I'm sure I'll receive hate but it's my opinion. If you want to counter my points with logic I'll be happy to hear it because I want to love them but I just don't. I can't see myself sinkng hundreds of hours like I did XY with breeding and having fun.    
A lot of the new pokemon don't appeal to me at all. A couple do and I have them in my team, but most are dumb as fuck. That's probably also because I'm getting older (23) but meh. One of my only gripes with the game 
Not enough water 7.8/10
To be honest, this bothered me since day 1: I hate the region itself. They took the silohuettes of the Hawaiian islands and filled rhem instead of just making their own islands. This makes the routes just a curvy road that edges the island and the cities placed inside. 

Oh yeah, the cities too. My god you could hardly even call them that
There's no in-game incentive for me to exercise and now I just do it to stay healthy :(
You can have [rematches](http://www.serebii.net/sunmoon/trialcaptains.shtml) through conversation in certain locations with the trials captains
- Exp grinding needs work. 
- Feels like more options for EV/IV training but these are not quality/convienent options. 
- Fix the problem with certain movepools. 
- add more customization options and why the hell are there version exclusive clothing pieces. 
- expand more Alolan forms/Megan/evolutions
As for Dhelmise, I believe you see it in combat and then check the Pokedex location feature.
A lot of the things said in here sort of annoyed me. Another thing is some of the randomness of the plot - Gladion is with the group after invading Aether to save Lillie and Nebby, then he's like "oh yeah bt dubbs here's a master ball. Cool. Bye."
I think you're supposed to see dhelmise in the elite four, then you can look up its habitat in the pokedex, and see that it's only one fishing spot.
i miss super training and dexnav, and i wish tms that used to be hms would have kept their overworld functions. the encounter rate for new mons was disappointing, as well as the overall limited amount we have to choose from. clothing options were meh and i am not the biggest fan of festival plaza. not a lot of areas to train or grind money. and my character is tired goddammit let her sit down. also if males can pass down balls now why limit them to only passing to their species!!!  
Being unable to catch a pokémon because it keeps calling for help. Like for a straight 15 mins it called at the end of each turn and it failed once. It pp-stalled me out -_- 
>How the hell was a supposed to know that it exists if I can only reasonably get it from one fishing spot.

Scan QR codes or see it in a Trainer battle, I presume.
So I enjoyed the game overall, don't get me wrong, but there were some pretty annoying flaws/features.

-S.O.S battles should have a much lower chance to proc and really require an adrenaline orb use to start up - its way too much of a pain sometimes when you don't have access to Thunderwave to catch some random wild Pokemon.

-Your team gets healed like every 5 minutes as part of the story. I don't wanna sound like a 'genwunner' or whatever the current term for it is, but back in my day you went through a full route/cave/whatever and then you had to face your rival at the end as part of the challenge, with your weakened team and low on PP moves - it was even possible to lose and have to make the walk of shame.

-The island trials were generally undertuned and too short, esp. the dragon one. I feel like there should have been one for fairy, and the dragon one should have been more varied - the game really lacked an obstacle gym-like challenge you had to prepare for, like getting an ice move for the dragon gym or equivalent. I think the previous point exacerbated this as you were healed before everything that might be challenging.

-New!

-Exp. Share returning without significant changes. I don't mind my whole team getting free Exp. but it feels like they should tune content so that you are then forced to make use of your whole team rather than it again ending up with a single overlevelled carrymon, this time with beefier backup.

The games were good overall and the plot was quite refreshing (even if the characters got pretty tiresome, 'spose it is aimed at children at the end of the day). Not my favourite, but I'm satisfied.
Delhmise, same as OG Feebas
My only real complaint is that story elements that were hyped up considerably in previews played no role in the actual story. Specifically, the Zygarde mission went nowhere and the only Ultra Beast that played a role in the story mode was UB-01. 02 is the only other UB seen before the post game and only in a cutscene. I want to know which UBs attacked the other islands dammit!
There's a lot, but I'll just go over my main gripes

1. Festival Plaza, it sucks compared to the PSS

2. Like half of the Gen 7 Pokemon you can catch in the wild have 10% or below encounter rates. Meanwhile Fearows, Rattatas, and Wingulls are everywhere. Some of them are even only located in one area only. 

3. No ability to skip cutscenes or tutorials. It's 2016 and these features have been standard for ages now, get with the times Gamefreak.

4. SOS mechanic is annoying as fuck in wild battles. It plus the low encounter rates for lots of new Pokemon pretty much got me to stop catching Pokemon after about halfway in.

5. Too linear. Towns kind of suck too. Nothing even comes to being a 1/4 of what Luminose or Castalia City was.

6. Customization is lackluster. Only a few hairstyles, can't have unnatural hair colors, no dresses for girls, and no long hair styles for guys. No pants period. Some colors are locked behind Festival Plaza RNG. Feels like there's maybe five different tops and bottoms to wear and the rest is just different colors.

7. Framerate is still choppy on anything above 1vs1 and even some moves or special 1vs1 fights makes the framerate dip.

8. Some meh choices in returning characters. Why Dexio and Sina, two characters I'm pretty sure no one remembers, over fan favorites like Lance, N, and Steven? There's also no Johto representation, they could have at least thrown in Eusine or Clair at us.

9. The story tries to be great, but it falls a bit short because the pacing is out of whack and while I don't mind the cutscenes (if they had a skip button) I feel like BW1 managed to have just as good of a story (or close enough) but was paced better without long cutscenes. Also dat blank stare on the MCs face. It did sell me on Lilies character but I do feel bad for those who aren't attached to her.

10. First 2-3 hours are just tutorial shit. It takes way too long to get to the meat of the game. This and the unskippable tutorials/cutscenes just murders the replay value because not too many people want to sit through it again (though many wont anyway since we still don't have multiple save slots).

11. A third entry in a row with another mediocre postgame. Would be more forgivable if we weren't long overdue for a game with a postgame comparable to Emerald/HGSS/BW2.

There's other issues I have with the game (no more unique trainer encounter music, PokeRide music, Destiny Knot BP lock, very limited Johto balls) but these are my main complaints. Overall while I appreciate the changes, and shakeups GF made as well as most of the characters, they also made too many missteps and bad decisions to rate S&M as anything more than just a middle of the road entry in the main series.
I HATE the map. When it's zoomed in it's too zoomed in and when it's zoomed out I can't tell what the features of the island are.
Colress's role in the game
There was some kid in a pokecenter that said he got a mewtwo from a wondertrade. While I realize you can have more than one of each legendary in the games, I thought the whole lore was that there was basically only one of most of the legendaries. (Even more so for mewtwo, since he was the only one of his species created.)
All those damn wild pokemon always calling for help. MULTIPLE TIMES! Like, I get once, but I was fighting something and it called 5 helpers.... 5.
Salazzle seems to lag for every move she uses.
How slow everyone is. Decidueye is the fastest starter with 70 damn speed. Incineroar and the term "cat-like reflexes" apparently aren't a thing.
Off-screen pokémon leveling still takes too damn long. B2W2 had it nailed. I don't need a damn congratulatory beep that takes a second to clear every time I level up a newly hatched 'mon.
7 hours in and I'm still not challenged and am disappointed in the lack of gyms 
I haven't seen anyone talking about it, but I hate what they've done with fishing.
Why is it so hard to get hidden ability geodude holy fucking shit I either gotta pray they don't self-destruct or use a mon weak to their thunderpunch
* Lots of cutscene especially the post-league celebration.
* Most new mons are slow. 
* Slow HP bar
* Charizard scene when going to pelago. wut.
* Festival Plaza = Waste of data space. They should've sticked with PSS.


Framerate drops in certain battles, lack of exp grind, rng surround catching pokemon (where's dexnav), lack of things to do after postquest and catching all tepu, lack of national dex, these are small things, which don't take too much away from the game.
The lag for multibattles on old 3DSes is really bad. Also male clothing options are still pretty junk.

Other then that though, no major complaints so far.
WHY IS EVERY SINGLE THING NOT NAMED SALAZZLE, RIBOMBEE AND MIDDAY LYCANROCK SO.FUCKING.SLOW.

WHY DO MIDNIGHT LYCANROCK AND LURANTIS SUCK SO MUCH.

WHY IS THERE NO NATIONAL POKÉDEX. THE POKEMON DIVERSITY SUCKS.

WHY IS POOR ZYGARDE SIDELINED AGAIN.

WHY DON'T WE GET TO SEE LUSAMINE RECOVERING WITH LILLIE IN THE POST GAME I DON'T WANT TO WAIT AN ENTIRE YEAR TO SEE MY BAE AGAIN.

*sigh* okay, i think i'm good.
Contrary to what I see on this subreddit, the story elements were so long and repetitive that I had to spam A from returning to Aether Paradise and onwards. I really didn't want to read about Lillie anymore and Hau's shtick was numbing after a certain point. So I'm not sure why people are saying it's a great storyline that warrants a sequel more than any of the other games. I do know that the games are still aimed for kids, but I don't think that justifies the story at all.
Oh boy do i finally get to vent my frustration on how annoying lillie is. Or how unnecessarily long the cutscenes are, or the lack of creativity in most of the island trials, or how annoying lillie is.
Dont like the pokeride feature at all. Miss my bike and hate the weenie outfit. The begining is a chore to get through. S/M is my favorite pokemon game that I never want to have to replay because of this. Festival Plaza is a down-grade from what we had last gen. Clothing options were better in X/Y.
Lack of shiny hunting methods.

Can't press B to stop your Pokemon learning a new move.
z moves are super lame. i like mega evolution, it gave attention to older pokémon and we're great optional improvements. z moves can at most help u take out one mon per match, and are far too tacky to be the main focus of the game. also, what's the in-game reason for the name? why do the people of alola place so much significance on the letter Z? it's zilly
Hau and his annoying hands behind the head BJ pose. 
Actually there is island scan Swinub with Freeze-Dry on Ula'ula island on Monday.
So is it possible to breed an A-Vulpix with Freeze-Dry AND Moonblast with this method?
Huh.

A friend gave me a female with freeze dry, moonblast and the HA so I could breed my own HA with a good nature.

I did not realize so much work went into getting the right egg moves and now am extra thankful that I can make awesome vulpix with little to no effort.

Thanks friend!
Great write up! I love when a subrettit post well thought out content instead of meme after meme.

Anyways, I was interested in breeding a Ninetails also. What moveset, (along with Freeze-Dry) would you recommend? What about her ability for a not Hail team? Should I just get Snow-Warning anyways?
http://www.serebii.net/pokedex-sm/egg/037.shtml#freeze-dry
I feel like a lot of people forget about Smeargle when looking into Egg Moves. Any time you want to breed a new Pokémon and it has an Egg Move or two that you want, the first thing you should do is check to see if it's in the Field egg group.
Holy shit, so that alolan vulpix I got on my first ever wonder trade with moonblast AND freeze dry with 5 IVs was lucky!
Swinub can be found in the game with freeze-dry. You can find him using the QR island scan. I used him to get freeze-dry and I used Sylveon to get Moonblast on my vulpix. Now I just WT away the breedjects. Hopefully I'll find someone that has sandscrew with it's HA.
My favourite part of this post is "Vulpices". It's like someone's given me a grammar backrub.
I love how you used Vulpices as plural, it's funny i never realized the Breeding potential of smeargle before, too concerned with competitive movesets, now due my limitations in the game i'm learning pretty basic stuff about breeding, thank you for this, you teached a veteran how to breed some egg moves flawlessly have a klank ;)
Are you able to breed more vulpix with monoblast and freeze dry and trade me one to breed off? Plz x
Does that mean that I should be able to breed a Lucario with bullet punch if I level up a Metagross who learns bullet punch then I get a ditto to transform into that, which my Smeagle then learns?
You're also gonna want to get Moonblast
Awww I would really love one of these :( I want to build a lovely fairy team 
When I send off my Freeze Dry/Moon Blast/ Beast Ball/ HA Vulpix through Wondertrade, I always wonder if people go "Aw man, a Vulpix?!" and release them without checking... Someday I'll get something of equivalent exchange for them. I guess I did get Phrimarosa (?) once.

Though, I went the Swinub way. I'm far too impatient to go Smeargle!
what's happening on monday?
Sophie,  thank you for a vulpix with these moves! I read the reddit post and immediately started WTing and found one. Saw a beast ball and thought...  No way.. 2nd trade. Thanks again! 
You can use this method to get a Komala with Wish as well. You just need to catch an Amomola from Brooklet Hill and get it to lvl 37.
I'm late to the thread but if anyone is interested I have 3 boxes of Timid Vulpixes with Freeze Dry and Moon Blast (they are also in love ball). Many have Snow ~~Cloak~~ Warning ability. If you PM me we can exchange friend codes and you can take some off my hands.

I did in fact get my shiny : )
Edited: Wrote the wrong ability. 
I was fortunate enough to get a female Alolan Vulpix with Freeze Dry and Moon Blast (as well as encore and charm and its HA to boot!) from WT, so I'm glad I don't have to do all the weird breeding for egg moves via Smeargle or wait to catch a Swinub for this.  Still have to breed more of it though since its nature is Jolly for some odd reason...

But the real kicker?  That Alolan Vulpix is in a Beast Ball :P  Looks like I'm gonna be breeding that thing fairly soon and trading a bunch of breedjects for stuff. :P
LOL I have moon so I had to use the GTS for my Vulpix and I got one with Freeze-Dry... #Feelsgoodman
Can i get a freeze dry vulpix form you? :D
Marginally related: Z-Splash Solgaleo lol.
Has anyone...done any theories on this or talked about this like lore wise? because we LITERALLY JUMP INTO A SUN VERSION OF POKEMON MOON, an ultra-wormhole, where everything is totally okay except we encounter Lunala with our Solgaleo briefly, create a new Cosmog, and any progress we make in that world is the same as in the original world. And they specify when you go back through the worm hole, "Would you like to return to the world you came from" or something along those lines. I'M SO CONFUSED HOW DOES THIS WORK MY MIND AHHHHH
I just wish they had made it so you could buy the opposite version exclusive clothing after you go through the portal.
Can it be the Cosmoem from my sun game that I sent to moon to evolve to Lunala and brought back?

Or does it have to be a "moon" caught Lunala?
Apologies, but this is the first I'm hearing of this. So you're basically saying that you can get two of the same legendary per game, yes? I have sun, so I just got Solgaleo. If I get cosmog and evolve it, it will be another Solgaleo unless I trade it to Moon and evolve it?
Question: is the only difference the lake/altars flipped + time? Are NPCs and stuff still there?
Holy Bejesus! I did **not** know this, I was curious about the ultra-wormhole evidently still lingering at the altar, but I never would have guessed that this is what its function would be!

Thank you kindly for this info, OP!
Glad thats confirmed. I've really been taking my time with this game, and I remember before the game was officially released people were saying you could.

> Before you ask, no: it doesn't let you catch the other version's version-exclusive Pokemon.
>This Cosmog can evolve into Cosmoem and then, depending on the game Cosmoem is in when it hits level 53, Lunala (Moon) or Solgaleo (Sun).

I'm still in the second island, but let me get this straight: does that mean that in the end you have 2 Solgaleos if you get Cosmoem and evolve it in the Sun version?
I'm chaining right now so I can't see but did anyone go to the desert and talked to that guy there on the "other world"? Does he keeps talking about the sun pokemon on Pokemon Sun and moon pokemon on Pokemon Moon or he changes his speech?
This sounds like one of those things that is so cool but I simply didn't have the time to get to it yet. I'm just caught up breeding abras...
That's awesome. Didn't know this but heard about it, thanks.
Thanks for this! I knew there was a way to to do all this stuff I just wasn't sure how, so this was very helpful.
For some reason mine doesn't always work :/ Like sometimes I'll have switched it but when I go into my game it's the unswitched time and I have to go back through the wormhole twice to fix it. 
What about when it's dawn? :/ 
Wait wait wait.  Lets run through an example.

I am Pokemon Moon.  I have not beat the Elite 4 but I have caught Lunala.

Later in Post-Game...

I go to the Lake of the Sunne and I get Cosmog... if I evolve this Cosmog, I will get ANOTHER Lunala or my first Solgaleo?
I want to keep Cosmog as it is tbh (it's really adorable) but it's been really difficult trying to get another Cosmog to evolve or a Cosmoem off the GTS...
When I use it, I only end up with the time advancing three hours. No, I didn't mess with my 3DS clock.
Wait, so if youre in moon and evolve cosmog? You get another Lunala? Thats kinda stupid.
WAIT WHAT?!
So this means I can get a Lunala in my Sun?
Is there a way to see the opposite game's legendary for the Pokedex, like the Celestic Town book in D/P?
Yeah the cut scene is quite annoying, wish we could stop it.  
It's the same with leaving the Battle Tree and Battle Royale, "Do you want to save the video? [Yes][No]" Click no, "You don't want to save the video?[Yes][No]" Click no. Why isn't the first confirmation not enough! I just fucking told you I don't want to save it.
I agree. There should be no cutscene after the first time and confirmation.
I agree. It's super annoying.
I dislike having to go to separate locations for these things. Having battle and trade under the main menu would be nice
My favorite part of that whole part was when you go to heal your Pokemon, and the character just says "yo" after. Probably the first time I actually laughed at a Pokemon game before.
I love the atmosphere of Po Town. Throughout the game, no one takes Team Skull seriously, but then you come into this gloomy, trashed town where the police station is completely empty and the only policeman there tells you he'll be sending your remains back.

Of course, Team Skull's behavior still makes it hard to take them seriously.
Not my favorite, but I did appreciate a dark turn and change of pace, for well, a change.

Made me feel like I was on some kind of mission or in a stealth game. I'm not really a dark atmosphere person, but I can appreciate diversity from tension. Definitely an atmosphere that could have been in a stealth game or something like that. Even though I went guns blazing straight for every trainer.

Very moody place with an atmosphere. Just what I want from a town infiltration mission.
I loved the side it showed at team skull these are not just criminals in it for now reason it's a bunch of people who couldn't pass trials/are lazy who don't feel happy with themselves and band together 

Its actually kinda cute 
r/nebbyinthebag
Tfw sponge Bob meme
Nice meymey
Noob question can you fit every pokemon in the boxes given
DANG dude, the game's been out for, what, a week?
Now to get every color of Minior
how did you get a solgaleo and a lunala and a cosmog and the thing cosmog evolves into?
I'm struggling to get ones where I need stones. Sucks that the game gives you one and you gotta give an arm and a leg to get another stone.... (Sandslash/Ninetails, Wigglytuff/Clefable, Politoed/Slowking, Weavel, Mismagius,etc.) 
Now for the shiny version :P
Can you help me complete my pokedex? I can make a list of all the pokemon I need captured in about a week, at most.
I accidently deleted my XYORAS Living Dex trying to make room to download Sun/Moon.
literally how? I dont even know where to start
What was the easiest way you found to level up Pokemon in order to evolve them?  
I assume you got someone to borrow an extra Nebby from.
Impressive, how much play time total when you finished up and did you use power save at all or is this all legit?
[deleted]
There are a lot. The islands are recognizable if one pays attention. Hauoli city is based off of Honolulu. There are also little things in dialogue like the phrase "flown here or grown here" or "dakine"... And Paniolo is extremely close to Paniola in "Paniola Ranch".. Paniolo is the Hawaiian word for Cowboy and Paniolo is an actual place. There is also a golfer trainer names Kahili.. There is a huge golf course that is named Kahili golf course. There are a lot of subtle details that I think people from Hawaiʻi will get through out this game. 
One of the ones I liked the most is that Kiawe (actually pronounced Kee-Ah-Vey btw) is a very popular wood for grilling and smoking meats. Thus, his association with fire. Not sure if that's an obscure reference or not.
Mount Lanakila being the highest mountain and so high that it does snow there. What threw me off was that the observatory is not on Mount Lanakila itself.

It pretty much referenced Mauna Kea, being the mountain (largest/highest as well, of course) on the Big Island. Then there's a few other observatories on Mauna Kea as well. As of last year (to my knowledge), a new telescope/observatory (and it is going to be huge, allowing the view of so much more not currently possible) is being constructed on a really higher point. And people are stirring up controversy/protesting from it being built.
Lunala says "Mahina" which is Hawaiian for moon
I'm not from there but I've been there a few times. Mahalo means thank you (I think) and one of the first locations is named Mahalo road (or something like that)
NPCs referencing how the birds walk right up to you
Buahahaha! Lol I'm short :'( 
I have done zero squats.
The facial expressions seem odd in this picture.
This is exactly what I think of too!
This again. I don't want a kanto remake. But if they have to use kanto I want a new story in a better version of kanto because it's plain and boring 
Man the Kanto guys are really eager to fuck over Sinnoh.
Another flat out remake of Gen 1? No thanks. 

A game with a different story that's either set in Kanto or will have the ability to travel to Kanto? Sure why not. But I'd rather see D/P remakes since we don't have those yet. 
I wouldn't want a Kanto remake, but I wouldn't mind seeing a Kanto remix of sorts. Perhaps have Kanto be included in whatever the next game is the way that Kanto turned out to be right beside Johto. 

Or maybe have some sort of "world series" Pokemon game where you hit up and iconic area from each game to take on the champion, collecting badges to go take on the Orange Isles or something. 

Either way, I don't just want to go back through Kanto. I love the place, I have fond memories of it, but I like progression. 

It's also odd for me to think that the next logical remake other than a new Kanto would be Diamond and Pearl. I was playing those senior year of high school . . . I don't want to get old. 
Don't remind me of my AGEEEEEEEEEEE!
Sun and Moon sequel. Years later,maybe 2-5 years. Hau is champ and he talks about when he first started and he wonders what happened to Lillie and how he's missed the adventures. Looker, now the head of the International police, finds you post game and needs your help in Kanto because Lillie who's the League Champ there is having here own story with another legendary. We'd go to there for a purpose of the story and they could add maybe a lot more or the rest of the Kanto Pokémon 's Alola forms. Kanto would also look very similar but modernized.  
I couldn't bare a game where I'm limited to kanto Pokemon again. Soulsilver with an updated regional dex maybe 
It will be pokemon Z - a remake of X and Y
I'd like to visit Kanto and Johto again with a new story. They sorta are building up to a revisit in SM. 
They need to go beyond expectations and give us two games set in Kanto from different time period. The Gen 1 remake within the Gen 6/7 universe where we play as Red called Pokemon Origins except we can get all the Gen 2/4 evolutions in game plus megas. Maybe toss in a pre-gen 2 Johto as a post game sort of deal. 

Then a sequel to Sun and Moon (and technically Gen 1/2) where we play as Lillie through her adventure through Kanto (and maybe Johto). If Johto is included maybe merge Kanto and Johto into a single league. New story, new everything. A talking protagonist and everything.

or do the Gen IV remake where Platinum's Cyrus takes over the plot near the climax as he tries to capture Arceus to become God or whatever. 

Either way those both sounds amazing to me. 
I'd rather have new games than remakes.

Same regions are fine, but I'd prefer new, more interesting ones.

If they do use the same region(s), I'd hope they do a game with most, if not all, of the previous regions where we go from region to region doing stuff.
Would like a switch game  (stars?) where you play as Hau and the current Alola player character is the rival. You go through a similar story and after becoming champion you follow Kukui to Kanto to experience a structured 8 gym league eventually battling the E4 & champion.
Kanto is my favourite region and FireRed and LeafGreen are my favourite games. If they did another set of remakes with 3D and 3DS graphics I would be so happy.
Id rather have kanto sequel. 
You can call me a Gen-Oner but I really did not enjoy Sinnoh, so  *when* they remake D/P/Pt I'm not excited to play the remakes. We have some good past history to bet whatever improvements, Megas or Z-Moves, in the D/P/Pt remakes that they wont update Sun/Moon and just make them competitively irreverent, as they did XY. This is why it would be nice to also have another remake of Kanto in some shape or form imo.
How bout a remake based more closely off the Manga or Anime
Wow!  Great work!
First?!?! You could've fooled me!
Lol Litten does not look amused.

I like it! Great work!
I have a Outie belly-button. ;(
Thinking about it, many places in Japan have Os in their names (Japan in Japanese is NippOn). And O in general is just a common sound in Japanese.
Worth noting that Unova's name in Japanese is Isshu, which obviously breaks from the pattern.
i just want to know why sinnoh has six letters, did game freak not realise what they were doing.
Oh?
Kantō has a very good reason as it is the name of the real life region
Well, in Japanese Unova is known as Isshu, which doesn't have an "O".
Because pOkémon.
I don't say Un-O-Va, I say Uno-vah
Unova doesn't count because it has different names in different languages, for example in spanish is "Teselia". But that's an exception. As a non-native english speaker, I don't know what do you mean by a hard O, I didn't even know there's more ways to say the O in english. But I suposse it is in that way because the japanese doesn't have hard and soft Os I think?
Well, see you have 5 vowels...
I'm no expert but お/オ is "O", pronounced like "Oh"
Cant forget Orre
They're also all 5 letters, except Sinnoh.
Unova is Isshu in Japan doe
I just noticed Unova isn't the only region with more than 2 syllables anymore.
Her bosom intimidates me, but otherwise yes. Good human. She was also explicitly stated to be the one person standing between Lusamine and even worse abuse of her children.
literally the only Aether member who isn't a piece of shit
I was honestly waiting for her to backstab us when assaulting Aether Paradise. But no, she's just as nice and sweet as she appears.

She's also involved with the International Police, which surprised me. Makes me wonder if she was intentionally planted in Aether as a mole or something.
I'm just at the point where we're storming the Aether base after they capture Lillie, and yeah, I really dig Wicke too. She seems sweet and intelligent, with a subdued nature to her personality that was refreshing next to some of the more over-the-top characters populating the game.

Like Gladion. Is it ever explained why he does that stupid hand twitchy thing he constantly does? Or is he just...special?

Anyway, back to Wicke. It was a shame we couldn't battle her. I'm not even sure if she's a trainer or not, but nonetheless, I enjoyed her implementation within the story so far.

Three cheers for Wicke!!!
I love her too. She thicc.
I was convinced she would be evil due to her name (add a 'd' to the end) and her Professor Umbridge-like appearance.
Only AF member I trust.
Miss Wicke would be a wonderful person to befriend in real life. I was wondering if she ended up heading the Aether Foundation after Lusamine's defeat to make sure the group actually focuses on Pokemon Conversation[Apparently Gladion does that](/spoiler)
Aww that's kind of cute. He missed you!
Will she have a grudge against you...
Whomever did this is a fucking legend. It's not even female.
LOL!  A Masterball!  That's hilarious.  
I either don't get the joke or I am more bothered by people using codes to cheat than most...
I hope you're doing good, (wo?)man.
Sitting at work waiting to get off as well, keep checking this sub looking forward to going back. I gotta catch Pokemon to contribute to the event!
At first, it means "wow, I moved so far away from home."

After you beat the game, it means "Lillie is so far away..."
Why GameFreak, why?
Yeah I just by chance looked at the globe when the game started and...man it hurts.
That's so sweet
Hope she gets better 
I wish the best for your niece
That's amazing, I truly hope she gets better 
Great! Hope she gets better and that you get to play and enjoy some time in-game and in real life with her.
Wicke: For you, main character, have TM29 for Psychic! For you, Hau… have some snacks.
We should buy him some malasadas for this.
It's so odd. Everyone wanted a douchebag of a rival similar to Blue or Silver, but we got Hau and people love him. People didn't want another friendly "rival" and yet everyone loves him. Is it because we have Gladion too? Or do people just love Hau's personality compared to the other friendly "rivals"
On the topic if the pokéfinder, what's the best way to fully level it upr anyway? I seem to get 5000 points max and that's a long way to 1500000
Afternoon!
I actually got that and I started laughing. Where did you get the message? I got it on Kala'e Bay
The person who wrote the review that quote comes from, Kallie Plagge, wrote about that on her twitter and its pretty depressing to think that someone so into the series gets crapped on even by the games. 
Game of the year 2016
Why people keep repeating and reposting this joke it already passed the line between funny/annoying.
Hapu looks nice
Sorry to hear about your dog.  I'm glad Growlithe is making you smile.  I named  my Litten after a cat I had when I was young that died of a disease when it was 2.   Cutter lives on in Inciniroar now.  
I find people naming their Pokemon after pets really sweet. May or may not be tearing up, OP.

My starter Litten is named after a stray kitten that was hit by a car and brought to the vet clinic I work at. Everyone thought she wouldn't make it. That little kitten proved us wrong, made a full recovery, and she might be our new office cat.
I've done this with my cat and Incineroar!
Was your Growlie named after James' Growlie?
Man this hits right in the feels. My growlithe is named after my dog Kodiak, he was 4 years old and got hit and killed by a car in October. 
just got home from putting down my beagle, his health declined suddenly. idk if this will get buried or not but to anyone reading, if you run into any shiny male rockruff, feel free to send me a picture. 

OP when i get to adrenaline orb im gonna go for growlithe and rockruff. just let me know if youd like to talk or hunt together.
My whole Sun team is named after my pets - ones that live with me now and those who have passed. It makes me think of said pets a lot but now it's like they get to live on through some Pokémon.
I'm sorry for your loss, my dog also passed recently and I did the same thing as you, my Arcanine(Magic) is forever on my team.
I named my rockruff after my golden retriever who passed away a few years ago, and she swept through most of the e4 for me. Hitting every single affection bonus in every fight she was in. It was like her spirit lived on in lycanrok
Sorry to hear that. Stay strong!

If you haven't already, check out [this](http://m.imgur.com/a/ZGssm/1) manga about Green's Eevee. Read right to left.

I'm not sure who's the author and I hope someone would credit them.
I name my Pokemon after pets all the time. I just got Smudge, the Alolan Meowth (now a Persian I took to the Elite 4, the personality fits the real cat so well and I unironically love Alola Persian) the day before he had to be put down. While it's no replacement for the real animal, it's rather comforting. I've done the same thing with Marley, my Arcanine (not named after the character, although it is a happy coincidence) with Close Combat and Morning Sun.  
I've done this with my Incineroar. I've had a cat that was with me for more then half of my 23 year old life. And I cried to no end when he died. Being able to give him a tribute in Sun/Moon made me happy beyond imagination. Shimshon. I love you. You'll always be in my heart and in my game <3
It's always a crummy part of life when this happens. I'm sure he/she was loved and lived happy. Pokemon does have that calming effect. Best of luck!
I was 9 or 10.  Cutter caught a rare disease. We had to quarantine our other cats for a week after he died.  It was really sad. But I'll never forget him. 
I named by Growlithe Growlie as well. He's a real bro on my team :)
My Lycanroc (Midday) was male or I would've loved to name it Nellie after my childhood dog, definitely doing it for my Moon playthrough. Oh, how I miss that dog.
I lost a cat from eating a fire ant, and still chose Rowlet. Am I the worst?
:')
I named my midday Lycanroc after my dog Artemis! 
It's even better when the pokemon is actually super duper useful, like Growlithe and Arcanine are.
this wont load for me

I'm very sorry for your loss.
I always name my starter after my cat 
I'm sorry for your loss. I hope your dog rests in peace. 
I'm sorry for your loss. Growlie will always live on in your heart.
omg my heart 
RIP Growlie!!! 
Love!
I named my Litten after one of the kittens we have now, because he fights everything, but once I breed it to perfect IVs and shiny, I'm going to name it Loudy, after another kitten In the batch that didnt make it.
Awwww I'm really sorry to hear that dude. But he'll always be with you in your memories, and now, Pokemon :)
damn.feelz. ;-;
Aww... :(
Sorry about your canine pal, OP! Been doing that with all the dog types since I can remember too. Merlin lives on as Houndoom and Mojo as Arcanine. 

Bah. Just thinking about it made someone cut onions in here.
Post a pic of your late doggo
Awwww, that's sad. :( 

I personally love Growlithe.
I named my Lillipup in BW after my first dog. She had died a few weeks after I got into Pokemon so I felt it fit.
:D Ah, who's a good puppy? Who's a good puppy? HE IS!
Oh wow, my Growlithe is called Growlie and he's my favourite Pokemon! 
Know that feeling. I played Dragon Age Origins a few months after my dog passed on, and when I saw that the sweet dog I had helped had survived and wanted to be my friend, I nearly cried.
when i tought I had lost my pokemon Y cartridge, my only real concern was the fact I had a pokemon named after my grandad on there.
I was extremely happy when gen 7 had lycanroc (midday form). It looks just like my old dog that passed away a few years ago now.

Coco is now one of the best characters on my team.
Was not ready for the feels..

That's so sweet! :)
So sorry to hear about your dog. Glad you found a way to help deal with something so tough

ALso now I feel bad that a lot of my Pokemon are named obscene things...
Pokemon Refresh is 1000% my favorite thing about Sun and Moon. I feel SO much closer to my pokemon and it's just amazing. Kinda makes me want to catch 'em all in the postgame so I can pet EVERY POKEMON. If I have the time :) 
I'm so sorry about your dog, it's horrible to loose a best friend. I'm glad he can live on in your game.

I have a 2 year old Golden Retriever named Phoebe, and she is so much more than just a pet. She's my constant companion and my emotional support animal, she can tell when I'm upset, depressed, or having an anxiety attack, and she comforts me until I feel better. When Rockruff and later Midday Lycanroc were revealed, I knew exactly what I was going to name mine. Phoebe journeyed with me through the Alola region. 
[Here's a picture of her.](http://i.imgur.com/HUKgjK0.jpg)
I'm sorry to hear about your dog. I've never had a pet so I can only imagine the pain of losing a dear friend. 

I named my Growlithe Laika. He's the dog I won't ever get IRL ;_;
Not gonna lie, I'm tearing up right now.  This is so sweet. :)
RIP
I'm not crying....

This is adorable. I wish you many happy times with you little bud :,)
Sorry to hear about that. 
Sorry for your loss, OP. 

I name every dog I can in games after my late dog. My rockruff is currently named after her. 
Sorry for your loss. He will now forever live on :'(
My team has rockruff named after my dog, Roti, who died from Canine distemper a few months ago. And my litten, is named after my favorite cat who died years ago. I'm also planning on catching an alolan meowth and name it after who died the same week as roti
You've given me some inspiration! On my next play through I'm going to catch myself a female Rockruff and name it Elsa after my pup that passed away a few years ago. She's definitely more of a Lycanroc than an Arcanine. 

I'm not sure if you're aware or not, but /r/petloss is a great sub to visit if you just need to chat with someone about your friend. 
I did this back when Black came out. Our family pet started to get sick, and wasn't going to make it much longer, so I named a Lilipup in his honor. I still have it too. It definitely helps. 
Now I need a Schnauzer pokemon so I can remember my old dog :(
Sorry about your dog =(.
I always name my Growlithes and arcanine after my family dog Nikki. I always have an arcanine on my team no matter what game 
My dog just passed away yesterday and I named my midday form lycanaroc after her.  She looked a lot like that.  
Sorry to hear about that.

I too named my dog after Growlithe, and another one after Lillipup
My dog Moose passed away less than a week after my birthday. The Zygarde 10% form looks a ton like her, and it evens loves being scratched under the chin like she did.
I know how you feel. My first dog, Emma, got cancer and got put down almost a decade ago. I still miss her to this day, so I bought Sun and purposly tried to get a female Rockruff and named it after her. She's a Lycanroc now and it feels like Emma is still with me.
Rest in peace Growlie, you were a good pupper
My Growlithe in Sun is also named after my deceased dog and best friend. 
Just use revive, he/she probably just fainted.
Cool story bro
But what is his nature and how good are his IVs
And yet we can't do the right thing and reunite the family because we need Mohn for Pelago.  
Omg I didn't catch that. If it was talked about before I'm glad you shared it again cause that just blew my mind. Good catch!
I think what happened is that when Lusamine started to get obsessed with the Ultra Wormholes/Ultra Beasts, Mohn decided to leave, and "exile" himself on PokePelago in hopes that his research couldn't be used for evil, and he went somewhere to live in relative peace.
I'm unsure what the significance of Mohn is. Could someone explain for me? 
The hair and eye colours also match up...
I never noticed this lol. You just blew my mind. Thanks, OP!
Y'know what. This game is not a comedy. It's a tragedy. The conflict is never resolved. The family is never United, only separated further apart.
>His Raichu was just impossibly fast


Fun fact: his Raichu has max Speed. 252 EVs, 31 IVs. 
thats pretty much the only thing i dislike about pokemon games. there really feel like there should be some battles in which the game moves on regardless of if you win or lose. lose to  hau right before the the elite 4? have him be champion when you get finished with them yourself. You win against him? you become champion and he comes to challenge your title.
[He does indeed challenge the league and faces you. Sadly, he doesn't  not move up to a party of 6 pokemon so he isn't as strong as Kukui](#spoiler)
I was super under levelled at that point too, I used so many revives and max potions it didn't really feel like I earned it haha
I had the same scenario on poni gauntlet. On my way to battle tree, I proceeded despite my team are almost dying, I thought I could heal them on battle tree. I did saw from trailers red and blue greeting the player, but I thought the battle will happen on the tree itself. I've never been so wrong in my life.
The universe simply wants you to win. The universe isn't fair. We should make our own beast killer to rebel against the universe!
The shock of victory was too much for him, just like you, he blacked out, stumbled against the nearest tree and came to, saw you coming out of the PokeCentre and thought "Finally! To exact true retribution for the slings and arrows that Sir Jay and his Pokes have cast upon me and mine!". Not knowing the truth.

One day, as he's lying in an empty bed at the age of 60, after becoming a truly legendary poke master, he'll sit up like a bolt and that repressed memory will be unleashed within him. He will fly into an anger, that was his victory! He should have been champion! He should have had the gorillions of pokebucks and malasada named after him! His grandson will see his fury and begin to cry, he'll never show that side of himself again. Many years later a stranger will visit the island, Tapu Koko will judge this child worthy of a Z-Stone, and he'll be forced to watch as his progeny are doomed to be relegated to the status of sidekick...

The cycle continues, the hell is real.
Hau could he not see this coming.
God, Hau's Raichu causes me nightmares. It's worse than a certain Hydreigon ever was.
Maybe I'm a douche but something I found satisfying;

Hau always was wearing a big smile, friendly, with all the merit to win and be as great as his grandpa, he would always give a decent battle, even if I won this guy will always stand to adversity and it seems impossible to break his determination, it starts frustrating me that I can't take his mood down, but at the end of the story I'm in the middle of a party when Lillie tells me to get lost in the woods with her, no one will notice, Lillie's romantic vibe start kicking harder then to find out Hau was in love with her, that boy that was always smiling in the worst moments now is down in tears for losing the girl that he loves and I'm just standing there with a cynical smile on my face knowing that the doll and Nebby were given to me, I got the league and the girl and this guy spirit is finally broken.
Spoilers: The is the premise to Westworld
Spoiler, but if you fight the elite 4 a second time he challenges you when you reach the champion stage.
He's stuck in his little loop...
It's so sad that the script never allows you to lose ...
Kind of weird but...until my first fight against Kukui, I didn't lose a single fight against anybody.

I always hated that nothing would happen if you actually lost a crucial fight (you know, a non-standard game over, like a short cutscene showing an erupting volcano or the planet blowing up).
I've destroyed that bitch every single time. I've felt no guilt. He needs to get stronger, obviously.
the scene after this fight surprised me, we actually see hau mad for a second! It reminds me of the dialogue in r/s/e that talks about may being red from anger after your last fight with her.
Hau has a reaction to beating you? I've never lost to him, almost twice, but I've wanted to purposefully lose a couple times after the fact because sometimes his losing dialogue is sad... I don't remember if it's this fight were talking about, or the championship fight, when he loses, he's like "this is so annoying" or something

I felt so bad, he's a good trainer... I'm just better

I keep mudsdale in top slot if I think I might be facing him soon, someone spoiled his raichu for me
People would rebel, they know this. 
"Pay $5 to tell Lusamine that Mohn is here."
The timers are as slow as microtransaction games though.
What happens when you change your 3DS's clock? Does Pelago know that you changed it, and penalty you Animal Crossing style? 
Nintendo likes releasing full games, they do not do microtransactions for game content. Even in the pokemon rumble game that they did through microtransactions, they just gave you the full game if you paid it in anak transactions, instead of continuing the process to get your every penny.

DLC such as for smash bros and mario kart were added AFTER they finished the complete game, and mostly due to customer feedback of wanting more.
**Don't give them any ideas**
The day they bring micro transactions into a main game Pokemon is the day their empire will crumble
Micro transactions would've sucked for sure, but I wouldn't have minded them putting in a way to use play coins on it. Been sitting at 300 for ages.
Don't give them any ideas
After rank 3 beans, I just have so many beans that I can't imagine needing any more to purchase. 
Good games don't have microtransactions
i'm not sure where to ask this, but what are the advantages or disadvantages of leveling up your pokemon on the island where they can work out?

is it like using Rare Candies where they will level up but be weaker?  Is it important to raise their other stats first?


I wish people wouldn't say this where the devs can read it.  Normally there's enough people giving microtransactions a positive response that the devs think they can get away with testing them.  And then the devs figure out they can make more money that way, and you're stuck with it for the rest of the game's life.
Off-topic but I can't find info on that anywhere and dunno where to ask. How do I get rid of a wild pokemon on the pelago that wants to join my team? I'm not through the game yet and don't want evolved formes to willy-nilly join my box.
Honestly, I wouldn't mind if they did something like include the use of play coins to accelerate pokepelago. I have like 300 of those things and games that interact with them are woefully few and far between.
I honestly wouldn't mind it having microtransactions. I am glad it doesn't but if they had set it up exactly the same way it is right now, with all the same numbers, but also let you buy beans it would be fine. It is very well tuned and balanced that I feel it is completely fair. I would never feel forced to buy beans, and they would never make it easier to get EV trained high level pokes than to just train them in the game.
Don't give them silly ideas!
Why not playcoins? You can get 10 a day and all they take is walking 100 steps each. We need more than pokemon go
Not yet*
I mean, sure I get the negative stigma around it, but let's say everything was the same. You can put beans in to speed it up, you gain beans from the first isle, etc., but they did add the option for micro transactions. It's not as if they removed anything, all they did was put in another option that you can use if you want to. Yea sure it definitely looks (and would be) a cash grab, but I would be all for giving the user more freedom by adding a separate option, and honestly if someone is willing to shell out the cash to instantly finish up a training session on Isle Evelup, well good for them and good for Nintendo/Gamefreak/The Pokémon Company.
Right but ps4 sorry got them at the same time,costs 60$ a year to play online! Love nintendo,they n know we deserve something free out of the hundreds and thousands we spend to get our system just right! I'm mad I love porygon I just found a movable 2007 tomy toy he's big and so awesome I love him 

If I'm not mistaken this was done with 6th gen models as well.

But that Thriller...my life might just be complete now.
These have been around a long time.
My personal favorite: https://youtu.be/EvCDc9a6ZyM
Just like in game Nanu killed me.
Oh yay, this is happening again! I haven't seen any for Sun and Moon, but the ORAS ones were amazing. Here's a few that I remember from back then:

[Maxie and Archie](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o45p6f-iiMk)

[Wally](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCZ9ds5-HIg)

[And here's a skit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oqxGnUIDB8) for good measure.
I love that these are popping up again, my TL is filled with them lol   

It's not a dance video, but one of my favorite is [this skit](https://youtu.be/VQ7iTnZoUGI) with Zinnia and Steven along with Brendan that always has me doubling over in laughter at the end with his one-liner
[I'm too high to be able to handle this shit right now](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nWi9HIGJOE)

edit: [and this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZL6WSoECd9Q)........
Videos in this thread:

[Watch Playlist &#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r5fgpxz?feature=playlist&nline=1)

VIDEO|COMMENT
-|-
[[MMD] Womanizer ORAS](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EvCDc9a6ZyM)|[55](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5fgpxz/_/dakabd7?context=10#dakabd7) - These have been around a long time. My personal favorite:
(1) [you reposted in the wrong guzmahood](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nWi9HIGJOE) (2) [Guzma ~ Tipsy ~ pokemon sun & moon mmd](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZL6WSoECd9Q)|[43](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5fgpxz/_/dak90j2?context=10#dak90j2) - I'm too high to be able to handle this shit right now  edit: and this........
(1) [[MMD] Hoenn DaDaDa](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o45p6f-iiMk) (2) [[MMD] Tipsy [ORAS Wally] [HD]](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCZ9ds5-HIg) (3) [[MMD ORAS] Dodgeball:  If You Can Dodge a Wrench](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oqxGnUIDB8)|[27](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5fgpxz/_/dakbolx?context=10#dakbolx) - Oh yay, this is happening again! I haven't seen any for Sun and Moon, but the ORAS ones were amazing. Here's a few that I remember from back then:  Maxie and Archie  Wally  And here's a skit for good measure.
[[MMD] 37 dicks](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQ7iTnZoUGI)|[20](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5fgpxz/_/dakdhv5?context=10#dakdhv5) - I love that these are popping up again, my TL is filled with them lol     It's not a dance video, but one of my favorite is this skit with Zinnia and Steven along with Brendan that always has me doubling over in laughter at the end with his one-liner
[[SHK] You Reposted in the Wrong Neighborhood  Extended](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IdzI3tmvrCc)|[7](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5fgpxz/_/dakbvaq?context=10#dakbvaq) - I got you, fam
[Gladion - Toxic](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHqKCh9in6w)|[6](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5fgpxz/_/dakgj83?context=10#dakgj83) - Gladion - Toxic
[【MMD】 Everybody 【Team Skull】](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_TFTvhLslw)|[6](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5fgpxz/_/dake3t8?context=10#dake3t8) - A pal of mine made the Girls' Generation one and has been making more as he thinks of them. I'm definitely tempted to get back into MMD from this, too.  This one is one of my favorites too
[【MMD】Hau to be "Classic"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUE1kCTMVWI)|[4](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5fgpxz/_/dakgogj?context=10#dakgogj) - Best one I've seen:   it's Hau!
[Nagito Komaeda - What the Hell【ダンガンロンパＭＭＤ】](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZTbnoSFgMU)|[4](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5fgpxz/_/daka18a?context=10#daka18a) - My friend did this once with May from ORAS to What The Hell with this dance.
[You Reposted in the Wrong Shady House](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RpvobsInNXc)|[3](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5fgpxz/_/dakgsyk?context=10#dakgsyk) - Is it weird that I absolutely ADORE every single thing about the first one?   Also, while I'm on it, I can totally imagine them actually dancing like that in-game.  edit 2: In similar fashion,
[gladion likes to dance](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9V_zKS7BJVg)|[3](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5fgpxz/_/dakqnx1?context=10#dakqnx1) - Also, Gladion dancing to Circus.  I don't know why they keep making Gladion dance to Brittney Spears, but I love it.
[bad romance mmd except everything goes wrong](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X7gjfI7Ybws)|[2](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5fgpxz/_/dakaery?context=10#dakaery) - This one's probably my favorite.
[[MMD] Pokemon 極楽浄土](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZT_d6tJCy8)|[2](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5fgpxz/_/dakcfhn?context=10#dakcfhn) - Those are really good, lol. Especially like the first one. Check this out:    It's too good.
[MMD Pokemon- Plane Crash Site](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EcWpJfmcEk)|[2](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5fgpxz/_/dakggzt?context=10#dakggzt) - ORAS was great.
[Secret Ending in Omega Ruby Alpha Sapphire](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XMkt55wYhlA)|[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5fgpxz/_/dal3vss?context=10#dal3vss) - Is this it?
[guzma candy candy mmd](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GzoqFAvZq8)|[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5fgpxz/_/dakgkmp?context=10#dakgkmp) - Guzma likes candy.
(1) [[MMD x Pokemon Sun and Moon]  Sun & Moon - Youkai Taisou Daiichi / ようかい体操第](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWuNQWFd_mo) (2) [【MMD】Still deciding whether to buy Pokémon Sun/Moon?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLI3L9Hoysc)|[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5fgpxz/_/dakola3?context=10#dakola3) - I had doscovered these PokeMMDs not too long ago as well, and this one is probably my favorite next to this one.
[pokemon sun/moon gentleman mmd](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdG2hu1f-T0)|[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5fgpxz/_/dakxcy0?context=10#dakxcy0) - How did you forgot this one?   Guzma best pokemon evil boss.
[Pokemon MMD ORAS Funny Montage 2 (Re-uploaded)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XtJn6m8im48)|[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5fgpxz/_/dal5exe?context=10#dal5exe) - This one's hilarious.
[KUKUI NO [mmd - me!me!me! (pokemon sun & moon)]](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_BW2IcVkvW4)|[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5fgpxz/_/dalcr7z?context=10#dalcr7z) - oh man.
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch. I'll keep this updated as long as I can.
***
[Play All](http://subtletv.com/_r5fgpxz?feature=playlist&ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | Get me on [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf) / [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mentioned-videos-for-reddit)
r/PokeMMD was created after ORAS came out and we had an influx like this the last time
Prof Kukui dancing to Girls Generation...wow.
Thank you so much for these gems.
I love [this one](https://twitter.com/SonicBrawler/status/802686214180655105)
> Lillie's Z-Move makes her a bit Tipsy
[Gladion - Toxic](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHqKCh9in6w)
Best one I've seen: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUE1kCTMVWI&feature=youtu.be
it's Hau!
A pal of mine made the Girls' Generation one and has been making more as he thinks of them. I'm definitely tempted to get back into MMD from this, too.  [This one is one of my favorites too](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_TFTvhLslw)
The SNSD one makes me sad cause they only have 8 members now. :(
What are these masterpieces?
Gladion's moves in that last one... wew lad
Yeah... I can see Team Skull doing something like that. ~~Also I'm going to be watching these for the next 3 hours, you monster~~
I know there's one for shake it off and for get lucky with SuMo characters but I can't find them.
[This one's probably my favorite.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X7gjfI7Ybws)
Those are really good, lol. Especially like the first one. Check this out: http://youtu.be/hZT_d6tJCy8

It's too good. 
ORAS was great. https://youtu.be/2EcWpJfmcEk
Guzma likes candy. https://youtu.be/9GzoqFAvZq8
I had doscovered these PokeMMDs not too long ago as well, and [this one] (https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=WWuNQWFd_mo) is probably my favorite next to [this one] (https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=JLI3L9Hoysc).
Oh jeez. Thanks for the views, Reddit!
https://youtu.be/XtJn6m8im48


This one's hilarious.
oh man. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_BW2IcVkvW4
My friend did this once with May from ORAS to What The Hell with [this dance](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZTbnoSFgMU).
Do people make these in Source FilmMaker or is there another program?
Miku Miku Dance will always be such a beautiful program.
jesus that FTL one is really good
Have they done rips of the trial captains and kahuna's yet? That's what I'm waiting for.
i cant even make a fucking animation in MMD
That was hilarious. I love it.
Have [another](https://twitter.com/SmashBros_Nin/status/801284735670648832?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw)
I love how the Follow The Leader video is literally the Just Dance routine lol
How did you forgot [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdG2hu1f-T0) one? 

Guzma best pokemon evil boss.
I feel like that episode of South Park where Cartman sees the people with asses for heads and can't laugh anymore. This is it for me.
And in all of this the trainer is still just smiling.
Nice. This is fun.
If you want to know whether Tierno has it in him to be a dancer or not, check out MMD videos of him.
This is gloooooooooooooooooooorious! I'm a mixed case of fan-gasming and hnnnnng'ing right now XD
XDDDDDDDDDD

haha its okay man XDDDDD

XDDDDDDD
I like the idea but I hate pop
Shit sure is cheap when crime syndicates aren't involved
100M Pokemon... Wonder how long that will take...
According Japanese version https://3ds.pokemon-gl.com/information/33268049-27e1-4740-8b0e-8e7f7aeb5a52
You will get 200/2000 if you link to PGL.

Edit: sorry for the mistake.

Get ~~gold~~ normal bottle cap *1 if we accomplish before Dec 6th.
Get big pearl *2 if we accomplish before the end (Dec 13th)
Woah..what are these? What's the prize? Will there be more?
If anyone is curious about ideas for things to catch, I'm capturing the Staryu's at Hano Beach.  They have a 50% chance to have Stardust, which sells for 1.5k each, a 5% chance to have Starpiece which sells for 6k each, plus they have an additional chance to drop both items as well as comet shards(30k!) after you catch them.  I'm using greatballs that I bought for 300ea at the thrift store.  I filled up a box of them and made nearly 100k from selling the items i found.  

EDIT: As u/mitc5182 has pointed out, having a pokemon with compound eyes lead the party will increase the chances of them having a held item.
I've caught 16. There have been 29 Pokemon caught. So... I've got over half of the currently collected Pokemon. Sweet.
For those wondering to participate go to the castle in your festival plaza and talk to the first girl on the right. The mission will last from 11/29/2016 00:00(UTC) to 12/12/2016 23:59. So far only 29 have been caught.... this is because you must go and "participate" for your catches to count. 
Edit: The reward is 100 to 1,000 Friend Coins. I guess it depends on your participation? That's just all the information I gathered from talking to the Global Mission lady. 
We don't have to be online the whole time to make the catch count, right?
Reminds of when I was playing XCX and we were all trying to beat the Global Nemesis. I like these collective missions, really tells you about the community. 
Is there a time limit to this? These things get intense with time constraints. Sorta like those Compendium challenges in Dota 2.
Quick someone do the maths, how many Pokemon on average does everyone have to catch to reach this goal?
This kind of stuff is awesome. Will definitely contribute as much as I can!
Just when I'm on a Pokédex hunt, cool!
Great Timing!

I'm starting to work on the living pokedex
[lol thanks to this mission I actually got this](https://i.imgur.com/H85Nebe.jpg)
Does hatching eggs count?
I'm connected to the internet fine, can use Wondertrade and everything. But as soon as I attempt to do the Gamesync thing it tells me it can't connect to the internet. So I can't do shit :( 
It came the day after I completed my Alola Dex -__- 
If you already have most of your Pokedex and just want to help by catching low level Pokemon, remember that Thifty Megamart has Pokeballs at half-price.
Sigh why can't it be "breed" 100,000,000, thats all ive been doing lately.
Step 1.  Make Pokemon Trainer Club acct [HERE](https://club.pokemon.com/us/pokemon-trainer-club/sign-up/), Verify the acct.

Step 2. Go to Festival Plaza castle, click on PC, get Game Sync ID.

Step 3. ON A MOBILE DEVICE, Go to http://pokemon-gl.com 

Step 4.  Log in w/ above acct info, input Game Sync ID Provided, pick your game.

Step 5. profit

https://3ds.pokemon-gl.com/support/guide/registration/
I'm just gonna buy a bunch of pokeballs and catch the route 1 Pokemon a bunch of times. I'm already doing the same thing in diamond to get mew so it's nothing new.
Step 1. Fill your inventory with 999 Pokeballs

Step 2. Catch Pokemon on Route 1

Step 3. ???

Step 4. Profit!
Sounds like community goals in Elite Dangerous, which is exactly what I was hoping these glob missions where.
Yeah this isn't getting to 100m no way, not without a hack.

First you have to know about the Global Mission to begin with. Laters half the player base.

Then you have to register for Global Link. There goes another half, minimum.

Then you have to accept the mission at the reception desk. Another quarter of the player base gone.

So you'll have maximum 10% of the player base actively hunting down this reward. The games sold like 2 million in Japan lets say 5 million worldwide, optimistically.

So 500,000 people need to catch 100,000,000 Pokemon. 100M/500K = 200 Pokemon Each. That's 14 Pokemon a day over the two weeks, presumably that have to be caught, not bred or just obtained in anyway.

Keep in mind all those were optimistic numbers and yeah sorry guys no 2000 FC for us.

If it was 10 mil maybe we would have a shot.
Ooooh boy.  Prepare your butts for 100 million new Wonder Trade rats
100m starting now? Or how many people have right now already. 
I have a feeling wonder trade will have even more crap than usual...
Don't think I have the balls to do that.
A good excuse for me to go catch up on Pokemon I haven't caught yet!
Would pokerus garbage be acceptable on wondertrade? 
http://www.forbes.com/sites/olliebarder/2016/11/23/pokemon-sun-and-moon-sold-nearly-2m-copies-in-its-first-three-days-in-japan/#f997db6243a1

2 million already just in japan in the first three days. Imagine that added to the total worldwide sales figure. We can assume that maybe 60% of those total sales figures are up to speed with PGL and the Festival Plaza and Game sync. (this is extremely conversative as we know most of the pokemon playing demographic are up to speed) 1.2 million in japan alone. each of them catches 100 in two weeks? they already beat the game without any god damn help from the rest of the world lol.
After testing for myself...I have discovered that breeding/hatching does NOT count towards the 100 mil.  I went and caught a wild pokemon as my constant..and made sure my number accumulated (you can check at the Festival Plaza your record towards the Global Mission) then I went and bred a pokemon, hatched and checked again. To my dismay, my record did not accumulate to reflect the hatching of the pokemon.

TL;DR...breeding doesn't count towards it
Oh, one possible reason why it says 200-2000 despite the promo saying 100-1000 is probably because **you also get extra FCs depending on how high you scored.** Presumably, you can get an extra 1000 if you scored really well in this mission and the mission succeeded.
How did you find out? 
How do you check progress?
Any dokkan battle players? They did something similar recently. 
Do you have to join the mission first and then catch Pokemon? Or does it also count any Pokemon caught beforehand? 
How do you participate with game sync?
Well i got the Game ID Code from the festival plaza but where i´m supposed to put it in at Pokémon Global Link ?
Am I the only one that has been unable to log on to the Pokemon Global Link to register my ID, so I can use Game Sync?

It has been "under maintenance" every single time I've gone to the site.
100 million seems a bit too much for a reward not that special.
Would have been better if this started on day 1 and not after most people are nearly done completing their pokedex.
I have no idea how many Pokemon are caught daily, even with the additional encouragement... but it seems like a pretty excessive number to me, especially if it's only a couple of weeks.

I might be severely underestimating how many are caught, but even if breeding counts I would be suprised if the counter would be able to reach 1.000.000 within a year.

But as I said, I may just really underestimate it.

But if "day one" had like 17k catches... we would need like 15 years or something to reach 100 Million.
i've got a billion pokeballs and all night to catch grubbins. wish me luck.
Guess I'm throwing my poke balls everywhere 
Probably the most stupid question asked on this forum, but how do you sign up? Do you just have to talk to the lady on the right counter?
Time to throw quick balls at every wild encounter.
You can use the free premier ball exploit (via MegaMart) to stock up on premier balls and use them to catch Route 1 Pokemon at no cost to you.
"when sos-ing, whenever a new pokemon appears, don't kill it, catch it!"
[deleted]
Remindme! 1 day
!RemindMe 16 hours
That is a crazy ambitious figure
lol thanks to this mission, I'm getting Critical Captures like crazy now.
Well, it's a shame I'm doing a nuzlocke run then!
What is game sync? Only 2 weeks to do this :(
I will enter when I am back home, I will catch some pokemon while searching for mons for mine PokeDex
Dang this is cool as hell. 
The website says 200 or 2000 assuming you linked your account to pokemon-gl, else it's only 100 or 1000.
Holy shit. Am I the only one who didn't know this kind of thing would be a thing? This is pretty cool tbh.
Sigh....I already completed my national dex
Are my catches automatically registered when j go online?
Good luck trainers 
Whenever I try and game sync, it says that it is under maintenance. What is the timeframe for it? 
it says 17,062 for the past 10 hours now. Wonder when it will actually update?
Anyone else have mad issues trying to connect your ID?
I thought it was neat how it went up last night and then the GL crashed immediately after the announcement popped up.
oh great just when I'm about to catch the last few mon for my living dex
*You have my sword!*
100M seems steep... How many copies were sold?
Does it only count the Pokemon caught from the start of the mission, or is it retroactive from when we started the game?
As of just now the number of caught pokemon is 17,062.
I keep trying to make a Pokémon website account but it keeps sending me in circles. It's really annoying.
Am I the only one who can't get into the Global link? Got a Game Sync ID, registered on www.pokemon-gl.com, talked to the in-game receptionist but can't sync my game. What am I doing wrong?!
If breeding counts that's a good 500 right there.
Mightve helped if i didnt finish the pokedex on Saturday 
But right now the game sync feature is broken for some people, the global link website is glitched out and customer support is non existant
It's stuck at 17,062 for me. Anyone else is like that?
Does hatching count?
I've been waiting for 5 hours for my game to sync...support said wait an hour and see what happens. -_- 
I want to get in on this, but I imported an ursaring into my game with JSKM, and I am afraid of nintendo finding out and banning me.
was worried when i got the error I would get locked out of trading but it didn't
I can't link up. Something about maintenance
I don't own the games yet, how many estimated players are there? I mean if 1 mio ppl play it, it is only 100 catches.
How do you participate? Before the mission went live, my counter lady had a "Participate" option, but now it's gone. I can see the mission progress when I talk to her, but it doesn't give me the option to sign up for it... are you automatically included if you're game syncing?
Ooh boy, this is gonna be like that whole coin collecting in New Mario Bros 2 thing all over again, isn't it?

A lot of effort asked from all the players collectively for a meager reward.

I tried to join and catch a few Pokémon to help in a symbolic way but proceeded to be immediately frustrated by a Magby who I couldn't attack because my whole team was way too strong and who wouldn't stay in any kind of ball I'd throw at it.

And then it called for help.

No thanks for now.
Do we know if this includes bred Pokemon?
RIP Global Link :/
Anyone know if breeding counts?  The game specifically says catching wild Pokémon, so I would say it doesn't...
problem with this is people can just cheat in a bunch of pokemon to do this and cheat the system
But, do you need to keep them until Dec 12? Or can I simply catch and release? I don't have much space in my boxes after going on a starter shiny breeding spree.
I'm just wanging quick balls at route 1 Pokemon to help the cause along.
Wow we're only at 17,000 this is going to take forever! Just go to route 1 to catch mons! Or use quick and nest balls. Thunder Wave and False Swipe also make it easier. :)
My question is, what do they mean by Game Sync?
If shiny Pokemon counted as 1000 each, I'd solo it in 20 minutes.
Pokémon GO is finally live in Pokémon Sun/Moon XDDD
I sure hope their website can handle the insane traffic about to be pounded onto it when maintenance is done at 11pm EST....
but what the reward...
Festival coins? Haven't really started playing yet.
Master Chuuster. Oh my, I'm gonna need a minute
It is also telling you to fuck off. Lol "Shoo Shoo"
There is a picture of it in mimikyus wall
Master Chuuster is the best character in the game
his pikachu would have the ability "plot armour". In which its a regular pikachu until its an important battle where he becomes super powered
I didn't know this could happen.
XD
yup tauros music annoying af
The bikes  did it all the time too
After choosing a ride PKMN, enter, and then exit the Festival Plaza. That resets the music back to default.
The surfing is fine since the music is really pleasant. The Tauros/Stoutland/Mudsdale music is just atrocious though. For some reason it seems like the surfing music isn't as disruptive 
\*epic music leading up to x place*

Ok, let's just get on Tauros...

\*BLASTING COUNTRY MUSIC*

just why
The capital offender for me in this case is Machamp when I need help moving boulders to get to the guardian dieties. The ominous, anticipatory theme is replaced with upbeat happy time music, and I'm left mashing a direction on the joypad hoping to end it as soon as possible
I would have also liked to keep my regular clothes on instead of the ugly ride suit.
It resets when you leave/re-enter the area. At least that's what happens when I go do my egg hatching runs outside of the pokemon sex farm.
You're nearing the Team Skull mansion, you walk slowly, as getting spotted is the worse thing you'd want at that time, your Pokémons were getting weaks because of the past battles.

You feel Guzma gaze piercing trough your mind as you advance in the courtya-

NEVERMIND, COUNTRY MUSIC
It kinda takes the whole 'exploring/going on an adventure' music and replaces it with some kind of hoedown. 
It's like walking into a funeral with a boombox.
yep, I totally think that everytime! Glad Im not alone.
Yeah, love the pokerides but if it's going to change the music atleast make it awesome music like the x&y bike theme rather than this hokey country music sounding stuff you get whenever you ride on Tauros and Stoutland(dunno about the other land rides yet as i haven't gotten them)
I agree.  Without a doubt.
It doesn't change music in certain locations.
All they needed was to add a new instrument or arrangement, really:

Lapras - slow and ballad-like, like surfing music

Mudsdale/stoutland - yoshi-like bongos

Tauros - Guitar track

Sharpedo - samples from the "welcome to alola" theme

During the assauly on Po Town, I accidentally hit my stoutland shortcut and had the super dark and tense music replaced with what I can only describe as ranch music.

Yeah that killrd the immersion for me
No.  You're not.  So annoying.  Especially because most of the music in this game is awesome.  It reminds me of the flight music in Xenoblade Chronicles X.  
This is in Pokemon since gen 1. Why do people complain all of a sudden?
Yup. But iirc, if you hop on Tauros, then go to PokePelago and return, the music will be back to normal. Same for when you enter and leave the map, like it happens when you ride the breeding road past Ohana ranch.
It doesn't change the music in some areas near endgame, so you can at least enjoy those.
Actually that's the opposite of me, I love the ride pager music. Sometimes I don't really like the background music so I deliberately calling Stoutland to overwrite the music.
A bit like the bike theme did since gen 1?
If you get on Tauros then enter the new area the music is the new areas theme.
I wish they would change Sharpedo's music to something from Initial D. I never knew you could drift sharks until I reached route 15
Yea, I just get around by walking cause I love the game's music and don't want the ridiculous ride outfit to cramp my style.
>Immersion

It's a Pokemon game, calm down.
Makes the machamp ride more hilarious though.
I'm hoping for a code.bin patch to remove the music. 
yes, but it is not the first time in S/M - it always did in all the games (bikes etc).
Irritated me with the Bikes, irritated me with surfing, still irritates me with this.
While the music is certainly an issue I was well used to it at this point, its just bike themes again.

What really bugged me was the riding outfit, I spent a lot of money on getting a nice outfit together and yet unless I made the effort to actually get off my Tauros or Stoutland before a fight I'd do a Z move and instead get a nice close up of this atrocious looking safety gear, it was just an unnecessary touch.
Best method to bypass this is entering another area and return. 
I almost never turn the volume up. For twenty years I've silenced Pokémon. No good reason other than I like watching stuff while I play. I hadn't noticed that the music changes at all.
Yes, definitely.. I remember first docking the first island, it was beautiful and peaceful, then i mounted up and the feeling was destroyed entirely >.<  

Then again, i suppose it wouldn't be peaceful if I'm charging across the docks on a giant tauros, so fairs fair.  
Same thing with the bike from previous gens :(
It took me ages in Festival Plaza to get beige shorts from someone with sun version and a level 3 dye house to get a dark green t-shirt. I mean to enjoy my hard-earned look, so I use the ride pokemon as little as possible.
Getting on your bike has changed the music in every single generation, why does it only bother you now?
Yeah but i just switch routes if possible
Not as bad as the X/Y bike theme. That OST in general was underwhelming. Though, I'd say the immersion destruction is worse in S/M since the atmosphere is way better, so you're actually interrupting something worth listening to.
It's the new bike music.
While I do agree, this has always been a thing with bikes. But walking up to face the legend of the island seems goofy when i hear rodeo music while in the arms of a machamp. Some places they dont change the music though.
Yeah the only times the music doesn't change is I think Poni Canyon and Victory Road, but I wish you could turn it off completely.
I'm less annoyed at that and more annoyed that I have to be wearing the ride outfit during battles. I know that it's for immersion sake, but gosh darnit I like my cool normal outfit. If they had let us customize ride outfits as well, that would have been super neat
Yes, it's annoying, but bikes have always hindered us with this problem. If I'm using Tauros just to run through some areas, I'll select him, then go in and out of the area so the normal music resumes.
It doesn't do it in some places, like right before the E4
I might be wrong but I'm pretty sure if you get a wild poke encounter and run the music will be back to normal. 
So first, of course you're not the only one. Many other people share virtually every opinion you have.

Also, I dunno, I enjoy it. You're riding a bull or a big mustache dog, and the music is fun and silly. If you dislike it, I believe you can enter the Pelago or Festival Plaza and when you come back, the music will revert.
I was thinking the same thing. 
Yeah, the goofy music and outfit put me off from using Ride Pokemon unless I needed to or was blowing past areas I already visited. It just breaks the atmosphere in places like Po Town.

Yeah bikes did this too but at least the themes were catchy.
For me this is most apparent on the route near the haunted supermarket
Lol, immersion?
Except the Taurus music is the best in the game
if you exit out then come back in the area, still on a ride, the music will be normal
Yes!!! Yessssss!!! A THOUSAND TIMES YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!
Unpopular opinion, but I find it pretty funny
Water Ride music is top tier though
I'm not bothered by it because when I'm getting carried by a Machamp the last thing I'm focused on is the music.
>Am I the only one

Yes, dude, you're so special and unique that of all 7 billion people in the world you're the only one who has a specific opinion about something.
How do you even have immersion with background music in the first place? No really, where on the planet do you live where a simple looping melody fit for your current context is played wherever you go without use of headphones? Honestly, the music is the most immersion-breaking thing in the game to me. /s
And then there's your character like:  🙂
I actually like the way it handled.  Gladion's friendship with Type:Null isn't just there for your amusement, it's something that exists entirely independent of you.  Gladion learned lessons and went off to live his life, knowing what it means to care and have friends.  In that time, he earned Type:Null's trust and they built their relationship.  Type:Null's evolution isn't about you or Ultra Beasts or Aether, it's about Null and Gladion, and it happened as a special moment shared by those two, without some PC god dictating it.
I'm not done with the post game yet and I still have to talk to everybody, so I don't know what's still to come, but I missed any proper story integration of Type Null. They just said that Gladion rescued it, but never mentioned what they did to it and why. It could have made such a great lore during the main story but we got nothing.
I had hopes for that too, my heart sunk when I completed what I now know as the main quest line and fought Gladion on Mount Lanakila. Lillie got so much attention in the story, I was hoping Gladion would be the same after I beat Lusamine the second time.  
I thought the Ultra Beasts would play a bigger part in the story, not just a one-time battle in the story and an optional post-game quest. I thought Gladion would get the same character development as Lillie in the non-existent second half of the game. But any development we saw for him was off screen...  
I mean I love what this game has, my main issue is that it seems it was cut short. Also Type: Null is easily one of my favorite pokemon in sun and moon, and it sucks seeing him get shafted compared to Lillie and Cosmog..
I fealt it was weird that Gladion wasn't there in Ultra Space. When I met him before the pokemon league, my first reaction was "Where were you when a jellyfish f***ed your mom?"
I'm not going to deny it, I hoped there would be a scene that would evolve but it never happened and now I'm sad because I feel that they did not use much to Type: Null.
I want the super OP Type: Full they describe in the logs, it doesn't have to be that strong, just give Protean to Silvally, such a missed opportunity, maybe sometime in the future we'll see the third Type: Null (the one that's still frozen) evolve into the Full version 
The actual mistake is that silvally and null are not forms but evolution lines. Apart from its not making sense,there would be a good form change cutscene
Spoiler: but we will type it out straight here so you have to read it anyway
The games feel ultimately very incomplete and oddly enough... lazy.

It seems like they had all these amazing ideas but couldn't make them all work so they hastily bandaged them all together in hopes it flowed smoothly but it ended up being clunky and a mess.

The story was extremely disappointing and lackluster for me. Which is why I wouldn't even put this gen in the Top 5 Gens.
Yeah... found him while I was carrying around my Magby and a bunch of eggs...
-_- Solid gold Exeggcute for one trainer, but they couldn't give it an Alola Form? K.
Yo bonus points to whoever gets the Zoboomafoo reference
What pokemon is Zoboomafoo?
So wait this is a shiny pokemon from a trainer? 
From what I understand, the joke here is that this random guy is showing you his "golden balls", and since "golden balls" and "testicles" (both pronounced "kintama") sound the same in Japanese.....
I think it's more compact. There's a lot going on in Alola, and since everything is islands there aren't long routes between cities like we're used to. I also think this works to the game's advantage, and makes the world as a whole feel more connected. I could see how it might seem disappointing if you're into that sort of thing, but I like that they didn't spread themselves too thin.
I found that this game covers TONS more grounds on indoor places such as caves 
The game definitely felt small. In previous games I would get lost going through routes and everything, but in this one I feel like you can just walk in a straight path and see everything the game has to offer without trying. And yeah I definitely agree about the caves. There's not much exploration to be done. Ex. in Yellow it took me a long time to get through Mt. Moon because there were so many levels and paths (and also for other places like Seafoam Islands and Cinnabar Mansion). This game seems to be lacking in puzzles and figuring out ways through maze-like areas.
It definitely felt small. Not only were the locations kind of minimal, with no single area feeling very large, the entire map felt very small. It seemed like routes were short and the places they led to were a couple buildings max. 

For me that was disappointing, but even more disappointing was the lack of trainers and even to an extent pokemon. Lets start with pokemon. Island 1 was awesome. it felt like there were a ton of different pokemon on the first couple routes. I was doing my usual hit each pokemon before leaving a route, or in this case patch of grass because it seemed like different patches on the same route could yield some differences. Past the first island however it seemed like very few additional pokemon were added outside of a few select areas (mudsdale area and lush forest). 

The lack of trainers was terrible. Ive played games where it just felt like I wouldnt make it through areas because of trainers wearing me down if I wasnt sufficiently leveled or prepped with items beforehand - rock tunnel comes to mind. Just long areas with a lot of trainers that you basically have to battle. 

To make matters worse, Sun and Moon seemed to make opponent trainers even worse than in the past when it comes to number of pokemon. I want to battle trainers with 3,4, 5, or 6 pokemon. Battles dont even feel worth my time if all they have is 1 pokemon, which was all too common. 

The game itself didnt feel that short even though the map did, but even that is not necessarily a good thing. The long duration stemmed mostly from the amount of loading I had to do every 30 steps and then the absurd number of cut scenes. 

I liked the game but I would have loved it if we could have a bit more content and a bit fewer cutscenes and forced interactions. 
Total area is definitely small, but I think the space is filled with lots of content (Except Poni Island, that was as barren a wasteland as it looked)
Yes it is small, but it is very dense. Like cosmoen
Yes, it only have 4 or 5 towns and it's sad for someone who likes to explore the towns like me, it's a shame because even with that, it was the Pokémon game that took me longer to complete, with 30 hours
The first 2 and maybe the third felt large to me. But when I got to the second, it was... short.
How does this guarantee a Bottle Cap? Treasure Hunt is a lottery attraction, so it is completely random what you get from a spin.  
  
Plus, even if it does work, the comments in that post have multiple people say it will only work on certain days, or not at all.
You can get a cheaper cost of 150 if you replace it by a 50 FC lottery first and get another items like on versilify's video.
I miss bikes, but only cause my character looks so goddamn dumb in full safety gear.

At least let us buy new stuff, so I can dress up like a cowboy or some shit on  tauros
That's honestly very silly logic to begin with, but even if you're afraid of "wearing down your button" Tauros and Stoutland still move faster than the basic running speed anyways. They're like old bike speed. Dashing Tauros is way faster than any of the old bikes
Bikes don't make an amusing noise when I mash the B button, so not particularly
I actually miss the bike a lot.

Having to hold down two buttons to effectively breed is actually getting annoying for me. Also, i dislike the music.
I miss skates more than I miss bikes.
Someone made a point that apparently in Hawaii its common for people to bike there a lot which would make biking a lot more relevant than most worlds

THat siad, Im perfectly ok with Tauros or whatever new Pokemon we ride in the future
I just wish you didn't have to wear the safety gear during battles, or at least have the ability to customize it. I didn't dress my girl all up only to see her wear this crap. 

I would have loved a bike if only for aesthetics. 
I just miss being able to control movement with the d pad
I kind of do miss bikes. They've always had the best alternative music, too 
Honestly I totally forgot about the bike. Didn't even realize I never got one until I saw this post.
Not really, cept when I get to those spots where you have to dismount to grab an item or take an alt path that's too narrow for tauros
I prefer Stoutland over Tauros.
Stoutland runs as fast as the normal bike
I've always been annoyed by the bike music but they really shouldn't have removed them entirely 
NO, NO BIKES.
Wait!? I haven't picked up the game yet (waiting for the holidays when I don't have college). But there are no bikes in the game?? I feel upset by this
Use stoutland. He's pretty fast without pressing b
dont really miss bikes, but the rollerskates? yes
Ahh Lillie and her wonky as Z-move poses, I hope she is in the next game.
Yes, everywhere I go in the postgame just feels so empty without her and hau there. 
Is it wrong that I cried when Lillie left? I was even on a skype call with some friends...
Lillie was the best companion in the series.. Her Z pose was absolutely heart melting, and honestly the Exeggutor Island scene with the rain was really sweet too, with the Lusamine story and just the nature of what she said in general.
Fuck.. They need to make an update/sequel and let her return! And tell us how Lusamine's going, too
The game feels so lonely without them, especially Lillie after her change in mindset. Really hope we get to see their characters more, Lillie really grew onto me.
hopefully we will see lillie again in a future pokemon game as a trainer, just like how looker is everywhere
I miss lillie healing me. 

Couldn't care less about Hau.
I got so mad when I was playing the tutorial and I was always with those two, and slowly grew to love Lillie.

It does feel quite lonely in the post game without them. SM did a great job of making your journey feel connected with other characters, really made me grow to appreciate the friend characters a lot more. 

Compare this to XY where I couldn't give less of a shit about any of my friends
Rotom Dex misses them. Every time I load up the game it's always "I miss Hau" or "I wonder what Lillie is up to?" WHAT ABOUT ME ROTOM DEX? AM I NOT GOOD ENOUGH ANYMORE??

Ahem. 
The world always feels a a bit empty after the story is finished for me all the time. It was not as bad in silver and gold when you could just go to Kanto to extend your adventure a little further.  
I guess this just goes to show what a success this game had with making likable characters, not to mention there was some sort of progression with both Lillie and Hau.
I think about them all the time, with Lillie Z-powering her way in Kanto. And Hau just standing there teaching those skull punks how to be good trainers. WHY CAN'T THEY STAY WITH ME!:(
Especially the part where I stormed into Aether Paradise with Gladion and Hau.
I hope for the next game gamefreak gives us some kind of partner (a la mystery dungeon) and all encounters, if possible, would be double battles with your partner.
Yeah. I'm currently doing the UB quests but I feel empty inside after beating the main story and becoming Champion. I miss Lillie a lot but I think I miss Hau's cheesy theme and bright outlook more after the main story ended.

I know he's still in Alola, but it feels lonely knowing that you're doing your post game stuff without someone being a constant companion or at least trailing right behind you.
Legit feelz first time watched this game's ending.
And then one day Hau announces that he's leaving the region. Next thing you know, he stole your girl. HAU I SWEAR TO GOD STAY AWAY FROM LILLIE.
Yeah :( not so much Hau (nothing against him, just doesn't interest me much) but I love Lillie so much and I'm glad to see most everyone else does, too. If the next installment doesn't feature her in some way I'm honestly gonna be pissed off (unless the next games we get are the Sinnoh remakes, which I can't see her being in).
Everyone is sad about Lillie, but I'm just here missing my main man Hau. ;-;
I found the game so much boring after the story :(
The game kinda ends with more questions than answers...idk but it does very much feel like a sequel ser up.
I actually did. Reading her diary, Lillie felt missed. You can still visit Hau but Lillie is just gone and her absence is felt since she tags along with you the entire journey
I just went back to Exeggutor Island and felt so empty and sad remembering she's gone..
I miss Nebby

doesn't feel right without the little pew pews of the one true lord and savior of alola
I really do miss Lillie. Hau I guess, it is strange with him being gone
its sad the game has come to an end :( I'm also sad about the Rotomdex though. He was so talkative and gave waypoints and all these other cool things he said and well, now he never really says anything unless I complete another entry in the pokedex, or if I turn on the game. Poor pokemon is trapped in my device just really sad himself, that Lillie is gone and wondering where Hau is and being super tired, and finally, wishing he had a Z move aha. 
Hell yes.
No, I like not being stopped every 10 sec
My headcanon is just that Lillie came back to Alola and is adventuring with me still, I just can't see her, just like you usually can't see other party members in other turn based RPGs if you aren't in battle

Very mature of me, I know :p
This is pretty much why I can't bring myself to play the post-game. Following their stories was pretty much the main draw for me, now Hau just stands there and repeats the same line for all eternity and Lillie is gone and I'll never see her again.
Unpopular opinion based off of what I've read here but I don't really miss Lillie at all. I thought Hau was fine but I felt like at the end of the game Lillie became more important and more relevant in terms of the story than the main character. It seemed like I was just following Lillie around while she constantly did stuff. I like the lore with Lillie but in terms of gameplay I wish she wasn't more important than your character towards the climax/end.
I'm grinding through the game just to get to the IV checker at battle tree. Breeding is more entertaining than walking around the island and having silly conversation with the malusada maniac
Nope.

Hau needs to chill, way too peppy.

Lillie needs a backbone and to be less useless.

Perfectly happy doing my thing by myself, like I am in every game anyways.
Good lord, no. They're easily the worst parts of this game.

Although, really, anytime the NPCs stop to talk at me is infuriating. They're the worst, most hollow, anime friendship-is-magic tropes in the series to date. I long for a return to Red and Blue style No-plot-to-speak-of. I mean, I'd rather have good writing, but it's pretty clear that's not going to happen.
Lillie was meh. I'd love to see Hau again though.
Hau, Yes. Lillie, No.
Hau is cool, Lillie shit me towards the end, bitching about hating that pokemon battle. Yeah she saw why it's good in the end, but still. Fuck that bitch.
Very much.
500 hours between X and OR and I never knew you could do that...
Yes! I get very annoyed when I press X and I'm swapping held items instead.
very much so!
I was always used to spamming b. I'd never done the x exit thing.
I think [Steven's](http://www.nintendojo.com/features/editorials/best-quotes-in-pokemon-history) under R/S/E is quite nice, but in the end it's about what you think is best. 
I think that a tattoo of his favorite pokemon would be nice too. 

Btw, I'm sorry for your loss, may he rest in peace
If you were to go for the humorous approach, nothing quite beats "The air is tasty here!"

I am sorry for your loss, and I am going through one myself. Pokemon, a game series about friendship and hope, has been a comfort for me, and I hope it continues to be for you as well.
"A friendship as endless as the ocean"

"The Mystery of Space"

"Dragon Ascent"

"Heir of Eternity"

"Trumpets"

"We'll understand each other through battle"

"May the future lead us to brighter shores"

I tried my best to reduce some relevant and Hoenn filled quotes, best of luck finding that special quote :)
Maybe Sidney's "You've got what it takes to go a long way!" Or Drake's "Yes, what a trainer needs is a true and virtuous heart." The E4 always struck a chord with me from those games.

May your friend Rest In Peace; I'm sure he's content knowing you posted this in his honor.
May Arceus lead them safely and swiftly to Hoenn to begin their new journey.  
  
You could get one with both your guys' favorite Eeveelutions and put, "Different on the outside, same on the inside" next to it.
http://www.gamefaqs.com/3ds/792673-pokemon-omega-ruby/trivia
This might have some ideas
"I see now that the circumstances of one's birth are irrelevant; it is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are."
Squirtle, "Too much water, 7.8/10."
It probably hasn't even realized it's frozen yet
You missed the lady at the graveyard with a machamp, didn't you lol
I think it's after your first trial or as soon as you get tauros as a ride pokemon, I recall when I got it, I instantly went to check on the entire island to see if there were rocks that I could destroy with tauros and happened to pass by the graveyard to check, triggering the cutscene when I approached the machamp on top of my tauros.
No, you don't save them. I haven't beaten the E4 so I don't know what happens after that, but at this point, you can't even return to that room. Apparently those were Lusamine's own Pokémon trapped in those ice cubes. The ones she loved most and wanted to protect above all.
Yeah seriously, this scene was fucked
[You can't go back to the room but it is very probable that he is still frozen, I already tried going back after becoming Champion because I also felt bad for that slowpoke.] (/s)
[I went back in the postgame but I couldn't even enter the room] (/s)
Awesome, what did you name it? I haven't ever found a wild shiny since Silver when I found a shiny Sentret in the beginning of the game.....before you have any pokeballs to catch anything. *sigh*

Its been 16 years and it still hurts ಥ_ಥ 
Good job! VIRTUAL HIGH FIVE!
Gold version and no red gyarados ? 
It's also the same youngster that talks to Kukui about moves at the beginning of the game.
How many times have you beat it? I've done at least 4 and only hau battles me
also the fucking music
That's beautiful man! Well done! :D
Doesn't going through those wormholes mess with your memories? Anabel could only remember certain things, Mohn is probably just like that.
He's probably used to them after traveling through the Ultra Wormhole.
I've caught Buzzwole eating the berries! The cheek of that one! Haha!
I think it's hilarious that he's just chilling on some island off the coast of Alola farming berries.
They give you so many even though they "cost millions"
Just one is enough for one catch lol
If you use tapu koko and use thunder wave once and nature's madness a few times, it actually gets really easy
Impressive job! That is fast. 
I am almost done with mine. I have 80% done with about 70 hours. I hope to finish it in the next day or so
I'm down to only needing lunala, pheramosa, and celestela...time to grind through monitor the ultra beasts
To be competed: do you have to own or see all of the mons?
Any tips? A friend and I are attempting to finish before this Sunday.
The entire Chikorita line. I adore it, but it's outclassed by many grass types.
Xatu
hey alolan Maroak is good this year haha

Mine is Jolteon
Tropius
Pre-evos its ralts, fully evolved would probably be Dusknoir.
Basic, non-mega evolved Charizard apparently... :(
Typhlosion
Beedrill. 

It does have a mega I just don't think I could go through a whole game with it. 
Butterfree really.  I know it has some gimmick strats working for it but it's just not big time.  RIP the dream
Beedrill. He was in my team in Red and Blue, even if bug moves barely existed. 
Pyukumuku. He's adorable but he sucks
Ledian.
Roserade.
Bidoof. It has such a goofy face that's clearly hiding a stone cold killer. Also, its name is derived from the word "doofus". They knew this Pokémon was a god, clearly.
Dustox
Dunsparce
Pichu
I wonder if it has the HA? Does it?
The biggest grind is the fishing for bottlecaps grind in the Steelix boat. I've had 3 in 3 hours.
Oh my gosh that is so beautiful! <3
WERE? HOW DARE YOU!
You're doing God's work son.

Great job!
[I actually did this with the Sun ending image, but totally on accident because I drew it before I beat the game or ever saw the ending image](http://emeraldrox303.tumblr.com/post/153695210691/emeraldrox303-you-can-bet-your-goddamn-ass-i)
I like his design, but I'm not a fan of his movepool. I also would rather see more non dragon pseudo legendaries. I don't dislike him, but I find it disappointing.
I quite like it to be quite honest. it's design is cool and it is a pretty good mon when used right.

I AM a bit salty that there is a Shell smashing Kommo-o in the battle tree, but it does not actually get that move........
i'm annoyed that clanging scales is a special move
I'm bothered by the scale-tassel-things it has on it's back. I would've prefered more of actual scale armor similar to what Hakamo-o has instead of whatever those things are
For the same reason anyone dislikes anything, really
Pokemons original design appeal was the simple and effective designs. Some of the newer ones have more bells and whistles so maybe thats why
I've breed 240 Mareanie. I don't think I'm helping fight this problem 
When you spawn a Mareanie from a Corsola, it attacks it before it attacks you. 
Tip: In front of Kukui's house there's a fishing spot surrounded by rocks. When you enter to the area that spot is always bubbling and Corsola has a 20% chance of appearing in that spot.

To make the spot bubble again you must leave the area -but the limit is just a few steps to the west, so you just surf west until the "Route 1" message appears in the screen and then you turn back.

Note, if you surf too fast near the spot the bubbles will disappear and it will have the normal encounter rates. Don't use Sharpedo and don't press B when using Lapras.
Yeah, they also explain this when you visit the Aether Foundation for the first time. Something about a Corsola conservation effort because Toxapex and Mareanie hunt it down so viciously. 

Edit: Not a hint
Made finding my Mareanie early on very annoying.
Imagine releasing a Mareanie in Pacifidlog Town.
I'm just here to brag about how after 4 days and hundreds of leppa berries I caught my near perfect IV shiny Mareanie.
For all of the encounters listed with 1% chance, that almost always means that there's a special place to fish for them(bubble spots).

As someone else said, the best one for Corsola is below Kukui's house in the Melemele Sea.  Don't get too close or the bubbles go away, and when you are done with an encounter, you have to surf a little bit to the left and then come back to the right(make the area switch back and forth) to make the bubbles re-appear.
Expected an ocean acidification joke. 
Corsola is really easy to find in bubbling spots, actually. Since these spots are set to always bubble and reset when you load into a new area, you can very quickly get one.

The one I used was on the large (east) section of Melemele Sea. The south end of that area has a group of rocks with a fishing spot in the center. 20% for Corsola plus ~~50%~~ 40% for Luvdisc. If you don't get Corsola, go a bit west until you get the "area change popup". Turn back, rinse and repeat. Repels can help with other encounters, but I didn't find them to be frequent enough to bother. 
Go to east melemele sea and fish in the perma rippling fishing spot. 20% chance corsola.
It just annoys me that the only way to get a Mareanie is to find a 1-5% Corsola and it only appears 20% of the time with an SOS. Still pretty clever though. Mareanie waits for you to knock out the Corsola so it can get an easy lunch.
Maybe in Pokemon stars corsola will get an alolan form to fight off mareanies 
Protip: You can very, very, very easily got a Corsola (and a Mareanie) on Route 1, right off the beach by Professor Coconut's beach bungalow (The east Melemele sea).  There is a bubble spot in the rocks that resets if you surf a little to the west (into the west Melemele sea).  Takes like 5 seconds to reset and Corsola has a 20% spawn rate.
Actually it jumps up to 20% when you fish for it in bubbling spots.
That real life spiny starfish is known as the crown of thorns and GF even got the coloring down with a blue body and orange spikes.
Would be cool if farming or Chaning Mareanie increased the Corsola spawn rate.

I want to play ecosystem God in Alola.
Sun and Moon has the darkest descriptions overall dude.
Is Mareanie a non native invasive? Elsewise I could only assume that there would be a balance at play. Maybe something else is to blame.
I think they mention that at the Arthur foundation 
Considering how easy it is to get pokemon eggs I can't believe they're having this issue
Oh so that's what that NPC who said this exact thing was talking about.

 Also they have a 20% encounter rate in rippling spots, which you can save and soft reset in front of.
Other interesting SOS no one is talking too much about are:

-Happiny on Pichu. This implies Happiny will follow, and presumably aid, other small pokemon

-Fully evolved Dragons. This just shows that They're out for blood. They can also be found underleveled. I found a Lv. 11 Dragonair
I shall breed hundreds of it and release to the wild.
This reminds me of seeing Corsola for the first time when I played Emerald as a kid. Thought it was so cool I absolutely had to get it. Used my damn master ball.
Lol!thats pretty good. Though I never noticed that it was hard to find. I've got 4 : (
BRB, going to catch all the Corsola's to rehome them in my own private Pelago away from the nasty predators.
Isn't there a 20 percent chance of fishing it right under the professors house?
Also when corsola calls out it has a chance of calling one. So these things are obviously on the hunt all the time XD. Btw when the water is bubbling corsola chance in melemele is 20%
I just wanted to play a nice game with a happy atmosphere about collecting animals and some turn based battling but instead I get subtle jabs at real world problems.

Thanks game freak

Srsly thought, that's really cool
I think it's a larger nod towards how our coral reefs are being destroyed by humans. I'm quite glad that they made the encounter rate so small, because hopefully it instills the fact in younger players that corals aren't common and should be protected. 

Related: I'm disappointed gamefreak didn't
think to incorporate some alolan variants for Corsola, since having a coral pokemon is pretty much like having a plant pokemon, or a generic fish pokemon. I would have loved to see some different corals growing on corsola. 
So I made a mareanie and corsola breed. Am I a monster?
And here I was able to find one on my first cast.

Followed by a Meranie SOS on the first call. Bred that bad boy and have been cleaning up getting the Moom exclusives via GTS. Everyone wants that tanky monster.
It's an awesome reference, but it's a bit insane that the only way to get a mareanie is by fishing for a corsola AND using the S.O.S. mechanic.  

Is there an NPC that implies this even or something ?  
How would anyone ever figure that out on their own?
I don't know, sandshrew and vulpix are in no short supply, but the pokedex says that weavile eat them
I thought it was global warming.
Probably why tentacool is so prevalent, JELLYFISH ARE TAKING OVER THE WORLD!!




TFW I catch a shiny corsola when trying for hours to get 1 mareanie spawn.
It's about 20% if you fish on the bubbling fishing spots. What I did was save next to one and soft reset everytime I got something else. For something like big pearls, I go back to the shore, come in and out of the lab, and then repeat the save soft reset thing. *this is in Melemele sea btw.*
I thought it was like 20% from bubbling spots? Just soft reset until you pull it up.

But yea, the ecology of it was heavily, heavily referenced in-game.
I thought it was because we were fucking up the environment with global warming.
............

I encountered one and defeated it without thinking much. 

um.

fuck. 
I've been wonder trading out Mareanie for days now, I have two very active ones in the day care so I have an abundance of eggs. I'm spreading the killers to all the other Pokemon players - irradiate the Corsola scum!
One NPC says that they don't eat the console, just its branches, which grow back. 
One of the Aether employees also mention this. Basically, Mareanie/Toxapex is outnumbering Corsola population so they keep Corsola in their preservation system.
Doesn't someone from the Aether Foundation mention that Mareanie have overeaten the Corsola population on your first visit to the Aether Foundation?
Yet you can't find a Mareanie on it's own.
On a side note, I have like a million Mareenie with HA that I need to get rid of... 
Corsola has a 20% encounter rate when you fish in one of those bubbling rock spots.
I did not know this, I caught a corsola very quickly.
There is an npc that says this. 
That's even stated in game, though it's about Toxapek.

I didn't even know the encounter rate was so low, now I'm really happy I found one fast.
The first one I encountered was in melemele sea and I accidentally one-shotted it and thought "Oh well I'll catch one later"

I guess I won't.


i had an easier time with corsola than feebas and lapras
They're that rare? I got two first time fishing 
So you're saying breed my corsola for all the gts goods? 
Got a Corsola on my second encounter on the first route you can meet one.

Luckily I read that you could get a mareanie from it and caught one.
Not looking forward to farming the hidden ability mareanie.
Are the Corsola encounter rates assuming you're fishing in bubbles or no? I've walked in and out of route 9 & Konikoni town so many times without any bubbles at the fishing spot and I am wondering if I am doing something wrong. 
Why are the Corsola coming to Alola in the first place if it mean death? Is it like house flies, where they never learn after generations of being killed?
I just bumbled into one and caught it. Didn't even know they're so rare.
I'll take this as my initiative to breed lots of Corsola and repopulate Alola.

There should be some kind of Corsola repopulation bonus event.
Thing is, Hawai'i is not known for a major crown of thorns problem, we have a much bigger problem with coral bleaching from warming waters. Outbreaks of crown of thorns are much less prevalent than in Australia. Australia seems to have a much bigger problem with crown of thorns outbreaks. However, it is important to remember that they can be helpful in the reefs as they can increase coral diversity by eating the faster growing corals according to this page http://mauiinvasive.org/2013/04/15/the-crown-of-thorns-starfish-despite-the-prickly-reputation-this-species-is-native-to-hawaii-and-beneficial-to-the-reef/

But, yeah they can be a big problem in real life.
Subtle pokemon reference to real world problems.

Can't use Video Games to escape reality anymore
Give me a day and a ditto and I can fix your "endangered species" problem.
Fun fact: this actually gets mentioned through the story... when you get to the aether isle they mention that corsola is being overhunted by mareanie. :)
20% in swirling spots.
I just gave away a spare UB for a Mareanie. Ain't nobody got time for that.
I read this post and then went out on Route 9. My first rod hit was a Corsola. Maybe you're good luck lol
...but...i have like 3 of those
No need to suggest it – they say that Corsola is overhunted by Mareanie when you visit the Aether Foundation.
20% in bubbly areas which can be refreshed simply by re entering the zone. That's a 1 in 5 chance. They're not that hard to get. 
... I have never been able to get Mareanie, but have gotten almost all Corsola in the SOS battles.

This game hates me.
I ran into one accidentally in Melemele Sea while searching for a Pyukumuku
Currently WTing my mareanie breedjects.
If you fish for it in a bubbling spot the rate for Corsola rises to 20%. I've never caught one, but that is only because I wanted it for the Mearnie. 

Cool fact in the story, these pokemon actually prey on Corsola yet they call them into battle via the SOS mechanic. As soon as they are summoned they attack the Corosla with Bite.

I thought that this was FREAKING COOL of Gamefreak to do.
(I have about 10 Mearnie I caught in under an hour]
I found one very quickly in Melemele Sea by flying home, finding a fishing spot with bubbles, fishing and then flying back in until Corsola appeared. Took me 3 or 4 tries doing this to see one.
Is it? I thought it was rareish, but not *that* rare (I caught both it and Mareanie).
But Corsola can regenerate their spines, how would that reduce the population?
[#Corsolalivesmatter](http://images2.itechpost.com/data/images/full/51195/pokemon-sun-and-moon-how-to-catch-mareanie.png)
It would be really cool if over the course of a month the Corsola population dropped, and the Mareanie population increased, then decreased because of lack of food, while the Corsola increases. 
Probably also has something to do with the widespread pH and temperature changes caused by industry and pollution, forcing Corsola out of their natural ranges and contributing to the bleaching of the Alolan Corsola reefs.
I remember talking to an NPC or it was in a cutscene where somebody said something about how there were bits of Corsola left behind from the Mareanie and I nearly had a legitimate [moment](https://media.giphy.com/media/3o7TKDK6NaugAhCxpe/giphy.gif)
Imagine being a Corsola and being tortured by some Pokemon and human you've never seen before. You call all your Corsola friends to come help you, only for them to be murdered. One final call for help as you are desperate to stay alive, and your worst enemy shows up to kill you. The horror of your friends dying and being surrounded by your attackers is horrific. One final recover to keep yourself alive, and then you're gobbled up by a Mareanie. Poor Corsola. 
I caught mine off Waikiki when the water was not bubbling. I've noticed that a lot of sun and Moon dialogue and descriptions are very, well, ... dark, so maybe they're suggesting that all the corals have been killed off due to invasive species predation or a massive bleaching event - like the ones that have hit us in Hawaii for the past 3 years (this past summer's event was mild in comparison to '14 and '15). 

Nonetheless it's sad that they are so rare, but it also makes sense why everything else is so rare when you fish. When coral dies out, the diversity of fish and inverts on reefs plummets, as the ecosystem can no longer sustain their juvenile forms, food demands, and habitat structure. 

Multiple sauces available, but this one will do: http://bio.classes.ucsc.edu/bio160/Bio160readings/Catastrophes,%20Phase%20Shifts.pdf
Just the name "Toxapex" suggests that it's an ["apex predator"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apex_predator), meaning it's on top of its respective food chain. The fact that it absolutely destroys Corsola sounds sad but if that's what it takes to keep the ecosystem in balance then you have to assume that any disruption in this process would end with objectively worse conditions as a whole.
The whole game is a play on how there are plenty of anthropogenic causes on the earth causing it to change and not for the better. Most of the Alola forms are just adding dark type. Grimer and Muk are prime examples; they were formed from the rubbish people left in red and blue and now Darwinian evolution poses the idea of these poisonous pokemon gaining a dark type, because of the continued human waste dumping throughout the world of pokemon. Their coloration would suggest they were mutated by the Alola trash. The whole game had a sort of environmental protection aspect which no other version has had. I don't know why Game Freak decided to get political, but I hope others pick up on the message here and stop being shitty with our real earth.
People are attacking the reef indirectly more than any animal could directly. 
Corsola is rare? That makes me feel good that I caught one two nights ago. :) 
Perhaps it has something to do with man made climate change severely damaging coral reefs?!
I love my Mareanie so much. Toxic+merciless+venoshock is so OP.
Yeah, Aether employees made mention that Mareanie would leave bits and pieces of Corsola behind as they moved around.  A bit morbid.
Pretty sure there's someone on the islands who tells you that the Corsola are being protected because they're being eaten so much...not hard to figure out
Sounds like good breed and trade fodder. 
It's pretty common in the overworld tho.
Shit, really? I found one on my first attempt but KOd it because it's trash. Bollocks. 
R u serious? I found a corsola through a pokemon's call for help and just left because I didn't feel like catching it.
I haven't played that far in the game, but does it give any indication as well about the mass dying off of coral reef ecosystems?  Something like 30% of the great barrier reef died in last summer due to record high world temperatures and ocean acidification.  
It's hard to find? Then I must have been super lucky fishing them up at like a 40% rate on that one spot near the Prof's lab...
Corsola are commom if there are bubbles over the rocks
I have plenty of corsola if ya'll wanna trade
You know it jumps up to 20% encounter if it has a bubbling ring over the fishing spot. Just save next to it and SR until you find a Corsola. Got a 5% Freebas after around 10 tries.
??? Are you fishing in the bubbling spots? I keep getting corsolas when I'm trying to farm luvdisc for heart scales. I think its like 20% rate though it feels like 50%
Any other pokemon that eat each other?
Mareanie was a bitch to find. First one took me about 15 chains. It was male with the wrong ability. Next one, about 15 more later, it had the right ability, but a shitty nature. It was ALSO male, so I couldn't breed them for a better one. Third one, about 20 later finally had Merciless with a neutral ability. For how hard it was to get, it ws WORTH it. Toxapex is a beast.
So how rare does that make the shiny Corsola I caught?
Wow really? I was just fishing on Mele Mele and the first Pokemon to appear was a Corsola. Guess I was lucky.
I wonder...lead with corsola, increased mareanie appearance rate?
Is it really that low? Took me maybe 10 encounters to both catch it and chain it long enough to get a mareanie.
This is something that happens with all the rare pokemon you fish for. Your theory is great, but feebas, relicanth and others have the same spawn rate. The Corsola spawn rate is actually ~~10%~~ 20% if you account for special fishing spots.
Wait, Corsola is rare? Shit - I need to get this mofo bred. I caught it on my first cast without specifically looking for anything.
jup, i was searching for a corsola for about 1 hour
So I just spent about 20 min SRing for a Mareannie and I just caught one in a beast ball... But I realized it's male. Is there anyway to pass on the ball through breeding or is it still only limited to females? 
I didn't have a problem finding corsola, but holy shit were do I find a damn feebas 
I was thinking it had something to do with ocean acidification 
As someone who hasn't played Sun or Moon yet...

"Alright, let's google this word I don't recognize..."
Corsola have a 1% encounter rate? I must've got extraordinarily lucky when hunting for one yesterday, found one in about 10 encounters (and 20 nothing is bitting)
It's like 20% to encounter one at a specual fishing spot like the one near Melemele kakui's laboratory, once the ripple effect on the water disappear just leave the map and come back again, took me only 3 tries moments ago
Bullshit, theres one on the Kau'oli pier.
Go right off from Kukui's lab approach the bubbling fishing spot in the middle of the rock formation, about 1 in 5 chance at a Corsola, which can call for help and summon a Mareanie.
I actually had no trouble finding a Corsola, I chained 6 in a row hahaha
Whenever I go fishing, I only find Magikarp...and the occasional item. How are you guys finding other pokemon with fishing?
Now I just want to breed a bunch of Corsica to conserve them. 
Just got one in wonder trade and traded it away :P
No wonder I can't find the damn thing
It's directly stated in-game that the corsola are being over-consumed by mareanie.
Can someone please answer this relevant question for me?

How do you get a Mareanie with regenerate?

I know how you can SOS chain and use skill swap to get hidden abilities, but when you just leave Mareanie alive after chaining Corssela, the Mareanie doesn't call for help making them unable to SOS chain. Is the only way to keep the initial Corssela alive and knock out any SOS Corssela and non-regenerator Mareanie until one with its hidden ability spawns? 
Got one
Funny because I literally just caught a Corsola in Pokemon Moon the very first time I attempted to fish in that area.
I found a shiny one on my first try
What about chinchau? I can't for the life of me figure out where to catch one!

There's some sort of event that I encountered near kukui's lab where a lady said that corsola don't die from their spines being eaten, it just scares them.
I have a Corsola on my team. When I read Mareanie's pokedex entry I got a little sad. But I'm happy I chose a Corsola, they are extremely cute.
anyone know if Mareanie can call more Mareanie for help? or do I ahve to keep the corsela alive to get a HA Mareanie
Weren't there a few NPCs that said something about the Corsola being endangered? It a nice touch of detail to go along with the low encounter rates. 
According to the Aether Foundation Farfetch'd are going extinct too!
It's 20% with the bubbling fishing spot
Can anyone spare a female reject Mareanie with regenerator(HA)? I spent 2 hours and Corsola only appeared once. To make it worse the 1st Mareanie used bite on the Corsola killing it so I couldn't chain for the HA Mareanie myself...
Or you know, coral reefs are dying because of climate change. Ayyy
Same goes for Dhelmise, except it doesn't really have a reason.

Fucking 1% find rate in a single spot in a single town that's so ridiculously out of the way.
corsola is very common in bubbling fishing spots in melemele sea 20% encounter rate
I got a Marineie through my first wondertrade, didn't think anything of it.
Wait, is it ? I caught one yesterday while fishing on a splashing spot in Melemele sea. Found it on like 3rd try.

I guess that's to make up for the ridiculous amount of tries I had to undergo to find a Feebas.
Anyone know the chance of finding an elekid? I found one yesterday,  killed it accidentally and then went through about 50 encounters before finding one again,  super annoying.  I caught it on the route were you get mudsdale as a ride
Wait are you telling me I found a 1% encounter rate casually playing the game? That's dank
I'm not going to say you are wrong but I've seen 10 Corsola and 0 Mareanie
That last sentence blew my mind. Pokenvironmentalism!
Its 20% when fishing over bubbles...I found one in about 5 min of searching.
What if you got a corsola the first time you went there. Lol
Well Mareanie is even rarer than Corsola...
im still gonna find myself one. cause i want my corsola
Yeah it's actually 20% spawn chance in a single fishing spot on the first island, so if you're actually looking for one go look it up on Serebii. Cheers. Already got a shiny one while I was hunting a 4 IV Mareanie.
Stuff like this is why I love what they did with Alola. They really did their homework with real life ecology, biology, evolution, and behavior to make this region really seem alive and dynamic as real world environments.

So A+ for Pokemon adding in cool science!
Always assumed Mareanie and Toxapex were more of a Sea anemone... But your right it does say that Toxapex has scattered their corpses over the sea floor... Perhaps that's an explanation for non intelligent coral reefs?
Lionfish are killing reef fish significantly in the carribean.
its not like anyone wants corsola...
eh i already got me a shiny perf mareanie but yeah if i got a corsola too id be like if you hurt that corsola  so help me i will not feed you any pokebeans for a month >:C
That and corsola sucks super hard. Nobody should want that garbage.
I was expecting some overlooked and ridiculous moveset shenanigan it can pull. Making Corsola absurdly rare just because of a dex entry isn't good reason at all, IMO.
Really? I caught one imediately, and from a random encounter. Guess I am lucky.
Right outside the professor's house he is super common. I found it 1 out every three fishing times.
That, or ocean acidification and higher ocean temperatures due to global warming are causing them to die off.
really? i got a shiny one while looking for mareanies. very common actually.
Check up on him tomorrow.
Make sure you put beans on the island 
Spam that island with pokebeans.

For the love of god, spam that shit and pray.
If that one doesn't work out and you want one I caught one today.
I also have a hunch (no idea how true) that the more often you check, the more likely to stay. Seems like a reasonable mechanic, and I had an Adamant Pinsir stay with me once as well as a Sassy Lapras both after checking them much more frequently than other visitors. I'd agree with other posts to spam berries too.

Please update with what happens!!
Pray to RNGesus.
Yeah, it's so lovely. I love the bowing in the rain that happens at the end of the attack animation.
It's spirit bomb.

It's fabulous.

It's also painfully slow.
It's kind of fabulous
And a killer wail ;P
I prefer my wrestling body slam from the top rope
I bet catching Deoxys was fun.
I feel your pain! I'm OCD about Pokeballs.  Especially if it is in my party. 
Wow, did you even catch the UB's in regular balls? 
No I have this issue too lol in ORAS I reset like 6 times trying to catch deoxys either cause he started to struggle after so many turns, the ever so common I ran out of Pokeballs, or I had fainted all my pokemon, I got him once in an quick ball made me sad to look at, I regretted it and reset to try again, I loved that you used to be able to breed the ball off with a ditto, but now genderless and males pass down the ball too so this is hard :( the only exception I have to the regular Pokeball is premier balls, they look nice to me and the new beast ball, looks nice to me too. But catching anything in them is difficult. But I do it cause is rather have them In that than ugly ultra Balls 
I catch my Pokemon in Premiere balls. I wanted them to be able to be bought like how Kalos let us. 
I don't understand why you would do that to yourself. Its not like great balls and stuff are a hack, the game gives them to you at a higher price, you have to work for them, its not cheating.

Now that you mention it, I've suddenly started to hate the look of Ultra balls for some reason.  My favorites are Friend, Level, Moon, Premier, and Nest balls.
My friend! I am a Premier Ball purist.
Well you are pretty much me. I have to catch everything in a poke ball if there is even a remote chance that I will one day ever use it. I tend to reserve other balls for Pokemon I really don't like and will never use. I can see the allure of some of the other balls, I mean he'll the new beast ball looks amazing. But let's be real, when I see a Pokemon in a *great ball*, I think to myself "what poor soul hurt you". Great balls are the worst.
At this point, it's luxury balls for any shiny or anything that may ultimately breed a shiny.

I use premier balls for Box mascots, Beast Balls for UBs/other Alola legendaries and used Dusk Balls for the birds in X/Y because I needed something to distinguish them. And Mewtwo/Deoxys get master balls because of Gen1 tradition in the former case and the fact that the latter is a bootleg Mewtwo in my eyes in the case of the latter. :-/
And obviously event Pokemon get Cherish Balls because I don't get a choice in that.

Ultimately though, long-term I want a complete Pokedex where every mon is perfect (6 ACTUAL [non-bottlecapped] IVs, a good nature, etc.), shiny, and in a Luxury Ball. So basically, I'm never accomplishing my goal, but I use the non-LB as a means to ID things that ultimately need to be replaced.

But currently, yeah... Gift Pokemon, event Pokemon, etc. annoy me greatly because they're stuck in a basic Pokeball.

My 3 biggest desires for the franchise right now are hyper-training done right (actual IV manipulation), no shiny locks [ideally with a better alternative than soft-resetting since that's stupid], and the ability to alter the ball a Pokemon is in. 
I like Poké Balls so I always try to catch something with them but... I like the other balls as that one XD
I am like you but not that much lol. I really just like the normal pokeball the most so my team has to be in normal balls. I am now working (well actually finishing) my living dex and I tried to get every pokemon in a normal ball. I even caught Kyogre in a normal pokeball two hours ago (not hard with false swipe+paralyze+O power). However I have a master balled Zapdos from Platinum, An ultara balled Groudon from Ruby and I don't care that much to play a game again. I ultar balled Mewtwo since it has recover,thati s too much and I am not going to find a pokemon with heal block just for that.

On a side note I am now trying to catch Lunala in a moon ball, it just fits too well.
Yes...
I am the same way everything in my Living Dex in OR/AS that can be breed was breed on one game so they all have the same trainer ID and are all in a Pokeball. 

Between X/Y and OR/AS I have all none event pokemon in Pokeballs. Even restarted a few times to get the other Legendary Bird and to get more Deoxys, and the Tao Trio for their forms. 

Only thing I could not control is the Vivillion pokeball they are how every they are. Stupid Region Pokemon.

BUT if you want someone who will only catches pokemon in Pokeballs PM me and we'll trade FC's as I have Moon at the moment.
I also only use regular Pokeballs for things, for the most part. I sometimes use the other x1 balls (Premier, Luxury, Heal), particularly on legendaries. My team isn't actually part of my living dex though, so I usually use a different type on them.

However, I do feel like if you're going to be trading for stuff, it defeats the purpose of this. If you don't have the patience to catch something on your own, then you have no right to be picky about what you get.
I actually prefer if each of the mons in my party have a different ball. I feel like it gives them personality.
Im the same, its not that i dont like the others but the added challenge of catching rare/legendary pokemon in a regular old pokeball is exciting to me plus the uniformity of it all. Ive moved to beast balls recently for extra challenge.
This, and shinies in Premier Balls.
Pokeball peasant, I am a premier ball purist. Gotta have that silver premium feel with identical catch rate. 
No you are not the only one, I do the same thing and other people think it is weird but I just do it anyways
What I thought was funny, right after the battle that introduces the battle royal, I wanted to try it again. My level 28 Pokemon were up against level 50 sharpedo, camerupt, and mega charizard. MEGA CHARIZARD. I don't get why they introduced such a difficult mode so early into the game.
It's not out to get you. I've gone through the whole thing, including Masters Rank. Sometimes it feels like the three enemies take irrational decisions just to see me lose. Other times, however, they make plays that benefit me.

It's a tossup and based far more on luck and less on skill than the Battle Tree modes are.
It's mostly a crapshoot of finger-crossing and luck but some strategy that's worked for me:

-Set up Stealth Rock and inflict damaging status conditions for some unexpected kills

-If you're presented with an opportunity to OHKO anything with a Z Move or otherwise in the first turn, do it immediately

-A strong Mimikyu holding a Rocky Helmet can destroy ;]
Always stay in 2nd place and eliminate the trainer in 1st place. Everyone targets the 1st place guy. 
They usually target the most likely to be killed, and usually with weaker Pokemon than your opponents you are often targeted
Been using my ev trained Toxapex just spamming stockpile while they kill each other.  3 bp everytime
I hate caves in SuMo, freaking little diglett everywhere. I raged even more when I got into a cave literally FULL OF ZUBAT AND DIGLETT! Why Gamefreak!? Why!!? Who thought anyone would like to go through a cave of zubat and diglett!!!!!?
For me, cave routes can pass up down under and around each other over multiple levels. Surf routes were flat blue. It seems like cave routes have more potential for variety.
I thought everybody hated caves because of all the zubats and I also thought there were plenty of memes.
I still really wish they made some cool dive areas in this gen.  We have yet to see a coral reef...
I don't get it either I loved being able to dive in ORAS, and I love surfing the water looking for hidden items or far off trainers... Little islands that sorta stuff... I hate tentacools but yea that's what repels are for lol
Caves generally have some semblance of level design.  Water routes are big, open wastes of time.
I honestly think the water-route-haters are just more noisy than us cave-route haters. 
Because Caves don't require you to waste a moveslot / party slot with an HM Slave.
Even playing as a girl I wasn't happy with the clothing options. like 75% of the options in the game are just recolors of one shirt. I only bought two shirts the whole game.. and one of those was the post-game shirt you can get. Plus there was a depressing lack of hat styles, or even accessories.

...And I'd love if we could buy a backpack as a girl. The boy's backpack looks like it's much better for item storage than the girl's little handbag.
I know Alola is a warm climate in general but please let us wear long pants/leggings/hoodies! The ace trainers even get hoodies with no sleeves, I will take that too!
For the love of god, please remove the "version-exclusive color" idea. It's dumb, and it's not fun at all scouring my Plaza for people wearing green and hoping I win the 1/8 roll that lets them actually offer it to me.

I prefer green, and in all the time I've played so far, the only solid-not-pastel-or-some-shit-green things I've gotten are an ugly shirt and a pair of socks.
every time I go on mount lanakila in my tank top and capri pants in a blizzard I die inside
I'd like more special clothes too. Would have been cool if you [could unlock the clothes of past protagonists after beating the special trainers from their respective games at the battle tree](#spoiler)
I can't believe they managed to make male trainer customization as limited as it was XY in a completely different way.

Good news! You can now change the colour of all these generic t-shirst, tanks, polos, shorts, and capris!

Also here's a handful of rigid hairstyles versus the wide variety of hairstyles girls get.
I wish you could unlock hairstyles and outfits that the special characters have.
God damnit I want the blue Jace Beleren hoodie the Ace Trainers wear. 

That's literally all I want. 
Why can't we buy a swimsuit?
Yeah, I was really excited to hunt down all the customization stuff like I did in Y, but then it turns out I had the only 3 things I liked by the second island because there's just so little to collect. I did like getting to meet Professor Oak while wearing a shirt with his face on it though
I just want Lillie's dress.
All I want is a damn sundress or two. I don't need the fancy Bolero or Slurpuff dress in XY but I would look worlds cuter with my red hair ribbon and pigtails in a sundress. Hell you let me buy a gorgeous as fuck sun hat why no damn dress to go with it?! Lillie gets a dress, hell even Acerola gets one!
I wish there was an option to get rid of the handbag or switch for a backpack a la pokemon go. I hate the handbags for girls, hated them in x/y too.
The entire game I was looking for a jacket. A trainer is no trainer if he doesn't wear a jacket
I thought the dye function would help, but you dont even get good clothes to color. You cant even color Sports hats at all.
I was disappointed by the lack of a Kimono.
Yeah I was really hoping for pokemon type themed pieces this time 
Just give us NPC Clothing, please!
Please. I want to be a girl with a frilly dress but the closest thing are the skirts and i dont like any of them.
Or the option of not wearing one ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)‎  
I mean, it's a tropical region, wouldn't mind going shirtless like the swimmers
I have both game, and i have to say, the girl selection isn't that satisfying eitheir in my opinion.
My main file is the man, but i think they both need a buff.
Clothing and facial expressions, please.
Flip flops!
I totally agree! These games are great but the character customization options are so bland and uninspired. I really struggled to find anything I wanted, and even the stuff I ended up with I wasn't happy with. I just wanted the Ace Trainer clothes in various colour schemes, or perhaps other NPC outfits to be unlockable. 
I want to be able to customize our battle initiation/victory/defeat animations! Just to be able to act like a Sightseer, or Blackbelt, or anyone would be awesome!

Edit: spelling
Man, I just want to be a red head again...
All I want is for my male trainer to have long hair. 
Just put in Ginger hair, please! "Pink-brown" is a complete joke. 
Yeah... I miss my old loadout from Y. Beanie hat, Hoody and jeans.
I just want pants. :(
I remember the first time I saw an Ace Trainer in the game and I thought: "Hell yeah I can't wait to get that haircut and them clothes for my avatar!"

Little did I know that I basically have the choice between T-Shirt or tank top and like 3 different shorts. Oh and don't forget the atrocious hearcuts.
Outfits/articles of clothing based on milestones or certain achievements is fucking genius. I'm loving the idea of the lab coat for Dex entries! I definitely hope adding clothes via update is something that they are capable of doing and will do but I really doubt it will happen. I've got a somewhat decent outfit together now that will satisfy me slightly but I can't help thinking that my guy could look way cooler, especially after playing XY
I kinda miss boots from the XY game so I'm hoping if there's an update, they'd allow us to put on boots! ^^
I couldn't have actual red hair like I could in X/Y. I've never seen "Wine Red" hair naturally, but around 2% of the world's population has red hair. 

Game Freak hates gingers confirmed.
I screamed when I realised that there's no ginger hair colour in pokemon sun or moon ):
Bruh it's Hawaii. Get malasada but no rubbah slippah? I found cargo shorts with hibiscus flowers on em so they look kinna like board shorts, and I got a tanktop with a houndoom wearing sunglasses on em (I found matching sunglasses too!) but it's just not the same without slippahs lol.

But ya the customization options are lacking. I don't really agree with the special clothes suggestions cuz it doesn't portray how local kine people dress and it can be culturally insensitive if done wrong; just look at the backlash from da Maui kid's costume from Moana, but I would like some special outfits like maybe something you brought from Kanto or da Ace Trainers' outfits.
Update of this caliber would mean a lot of megabytes to download and changes in UI, localisation, models. It's not something you can just add with update into very closed environment like Pokemon game.
Can I wear a Hawaiian shirt in this game? Right now I'm on the third island and look like a bumblebee with my yellow V-neck and yellow shades.
I'm currently wearing a green shirt, and blue shorts, because everything else looks like they got it at a tacky beach store, which is probably what they were going for, but I would enjoy some more "normal clothing' example, jeans, a sweatshirt hoodie, maybe some plaid? 

Finally found out how to remove the hat. So there's that. 
I could use pants.
I actually wouldn't mind micro transactions if it meant more clothes. Speaking of I would definitely pay for some dlc quests to be added so there would be more stuff to do in the end game
(Though, I would hope that it is an optional update as some of us have used up all of the space on our SD Card.)
I'm a bit disappointed about the limited options for clothing and hair colours but I love my pink Prof Oak top. I'd probably even buy one IRL.
I love my Cherrim shirt, though!
I just want jeans and sandals? 
I wish you could carry over the clothing options from XY to SuMo.  I miss the blue winter coat outfit for my femMC.
I was pretty upset I couldn't get a Hawaiian shirt. :/
You know what it's worst than that?

Playing with blue as your favorite color. I've been with the default shirt, bag, shoes and hat all the game
I started out this game like I always do, load it up, name myself Red and start.
In X/Y I was able to 'cosplay' even and I found it very enjoyable, however I found out that in Pokemon Moon it is impossible to get a red goddamn shirt.
inb4: they're saving it for the third version/sequel versions or they'll just abruptly drop the feature again in whatever the next game is
Seriously.. my hair's red and while it's not a huge deal to me, the option would have made sense. I mean, more sense than "pink brown" (?!?)
As a female there is nothing else I need after getting the Professor Oak tank top. Maybe a few different color variations but damn, this is the outfit I never knew I needed in my life. 
Give me a Hawaiian shirt with Pokemon themed patterns.
The lack of clothes has left me in despair.

The cynical part of me says that they only wanted to do it in XY (because GF has the mad idea of letting each game have its own unique thing in a series that constantly renders previous iterations obsolete), but then it proved so popular that they felt obligated, so they only put in a token effort.

But seriously! No swimsuits! Only one kind of sandals! No dresses! And the fancy upscale boutique only has, like, one unique design, and the others are more expensive but only slightly different versions of stuff other shops sell! I mean, there's obviously a joke there, but it's not funny in this context!
Yeah, I will admit, I'm actually surprised it seems like the options were cut down from XY, rather then expanded. After some of the clothing options you could get in Pokken (I know it was another developer, but I was hoping GF would learn a bit from them), it's sad to see I can't even pick up a jacket or have longer pants. PLACES STILL GET COLD, IT FEELS AWKWARD TO WEAR SHORTS IN THE RAIN! 
let me put a legal name change for my trainer.
Give me Guzmas outfit please 
I just want to be a green-eyed ginger like irl, I can be a triggered tumblrina, I can be an edgy teen with white hair, I can have yellow, burgundy and pink eyes, but not a ginger?? Dafuq?
Also please add 3d support! I bought a new 3ds just for this game and loved it until i played Alpha Sapphire to find out all the battles are in cool 3d! 
MAX IVS
The Pokeride Machamp is fully EV trained. 
Also the Poke Ride Mudsdale is smaller than Hapu's.
Totem Machamp
Mudsdale has exceeded my expectations. It's a total tank and I absolutely love it. 
Mimikyu has exceeded my low expectations for it. I thought it was just some gimmick one-off pikachu but mimikyu is actually pretty cool and can hold its own in battle. Surprised me to say the least
I had high expectations for vikavolt, but it's horrible speed and lack of defenses destroyed my hopes.

I wasn't expecting too much out of sandslash and muk, but they helped me more than I could imagine.
Lycanroc Midday form exceeded my expectations. It hits hard and fast, and basically carried me through 1/3 of the game solo. 


I hate to admit it but mimikyu. I'm in love with my little pikaboo. Having fun frustrating people with toxic and pain split
Exceeded: Mudsdale, Charjabug (even though I benched him after getting Solgaleo), Toucannon (BEAK BLAST ALL THE THINGS)

Lived Up To: Salazzle (you guys weren't kidding), Decidueye

Fell Short: Crabbrawler just couldn't hack it, and I'm not sure I want to evolve it into that ugly Crabbominable mug.
I won't spoil you with the 'who', but there are ten different possible challengers.  It's really a cool feature.
I'm disappointed that asides from Kukui, all of them are weaker than the elite 4.
I just wish you didn't have to fight through the E4 again to do it. That doesn't really make much sense to me.
if you actually lose one of these battles, do you have to beat that same trainer again to retake the title?
The people who challenge you are also pretty cool, and sometimes surprising like [youngster Tristan.](#spoiler) I really love this feature.    
It's especially funny when I realize just how underleveled my team always is and I scramble to win by using cheap items to cheese these people out of their deserved Champion Title.
I think it's pretty awesome how the challenger is random. It makes refighting the E4 more interesting because you aren't certain who the final opponent will be.
If i dont re-challenge the elite four NOBODY WILL HAVE THE CHANCE TO BECOME CHAMPION HAHAHAHA.
I also enjoy they added the "You defended your title" took a lot of years to get but at least I'm not earning the title champion over and over.
Make sure to use a lvl 100 latios to be a asshole and crush anyones hopes n dreams :)

Jokes aside, i love the idea behind it, its not forced like "HEY YOUR TITTLE AS CHAMPION IS BEING CHALLENGED BETTER DROP EVERYTHING AND GET YO ASS UP HERE". 

It's something to do and its fun to see trainers from before having better teams instead of "hey its me the same champion that ya fought before, i know ya beaten me but im forced to sit my ass here on this cold as hell throne hoping anyone (and by anyone, i mean just you) to come by so you can wreck me with your lvl 100 pokemons" 

they really went out of their way to polish every lil bit of the game, i love it

The challengers still haven't learned the art of bringing counters to your team though apparently :p

But yeah, I like this mechanic quite a bit! A bit strange how several of them are weaker than the E4 though... how did they even get past it themselves?
What I wanna know is what happens when you lose?
Does anyone know if we lose do we have to battle the elite four and then fight the challenger again?
Spoilers, spoilers everywhere º.º
Tbh the title defense feels a bit lazy. Making you go through the elite four again then you just get a random trainer out of a pool of 10 didn't really blow me away like i thought it would. 
The E4 are too easy tbh
Fought them twice in a row, didnt notice any difference
Lillie would be great as the new champion.

Not to mention there are exactly 8 construction sites across alola for 8 gyms. Hmmmm...

Sun/Moon 2 would be great. 

Necrozma may combine withe Solgaleo and Lunaala to give them Solar Eclipse Forme and Lunar Eclipse Forme.
I just hope that Sun/Moon or whatever their official name is get the Red treatment, I like their designs and I don't want to start again with another character that just moved to Alola without knowing anything/anybody because reasons. I want them to expand what we already know, from characters, to locations, and not start anew with another MC.
I agree, but only if Guzma is the 8th gym leader.
I feel like after Gen 5, 3rd versions just won't cut it for me. Platinum, Emerald, and Crystal are all the best versions of their respective generation, but they fall flat in really being enjoyable first time through for me as they felt like more of the same even if it's more refined. I never even finished Platinum as a kid out of boredom and only played it through all the way once it had been a long time.

B2/W2 is a whole different story, I was able to fully enjoy it as a game that built upon it's predecessor instead of just trying to make the past games obsolete. It's worked especially well as Gen 5 was such a story driven generation. SM being so story driven as well makes me believe they have to go the sequel route.

Also I just want to see Lillie come back so bad :(
Or just have a 3rd version sequel... best of both worlds. Perhaps that's what the Switch version might be?
The last third version game was 8 years ago in Japan, 7 years ago elsewhere. Sequels are likelier at this point.
I'd like a sequel.

I'd also love to see some more love given to the Johto region, I'd like to see and battle Ethan again.
If Lille is a trainer in the sequel i want her to have Solgaleo/Lunala implying that our character returned Nebby when she came back from Kanto and she became a better trainer. After all we can get a second Cosmog so returning the original one to Lillie makes sense.
The flying type elite four just wrecked me. Too many bugs on my team.
The games are just getting way too plot focused for a satisfying retelling in the form of a third version. I think that the sequel route is going to be the most likely end result of this generation. I can't even imagine the amount of complaint threads that would spring up on this subreddit if the third version came out and we had to sit through the same - or extremely similar - cutscenes again.

That being said, Gen 6 was weird, so who's to say what we can expect for the later plans of Gen 7?
Necrozma-Danke Forme
It has an extraordinary vicious disposition and is constantly firing off memes

Kill me
They have to be building something. Those eight spots where a gym of some sort can be built *has* to mean something. I know in past games they've done stuff kinda like this but NEVER this much. Plus what you said about Necrozoma. Even with Zygarde we knew something, but Necrozoma is completely unexplained 
Its weird of me to say this since Kanto/Johto are my least favourite region (i count them as the same thing). What we will get is a Gen 1 remake alongside a Gen 7 sequel (which is technically a Gen 1/2/7 sequel). 

The first version will be us playing as Red called Pokemon Origins. Toss in the Sevii Islands and maybe even a pre-gen 2 Johto in there as a post-game just to go all fucking out. 

Then we get the Gen 7 sequel where we play as Lillie through her Journey in Kanto (or maybe even Johto, its been over a decade maybe the regions have merged into a super region or some shit). Don't have a name for the game but that's easy enough. Though there would have to be new villains besides Team Rocket since they are kind of done by this point. Image seeing all the older characters besides Red/Blue everywhere. 

This does everything Gamefreak loves. Subverts most expectations of a Gen IV remake. Gives those who want a sequel to Sun and Moon their fix. Give the Gen One's the modern remake they deserve. Give the Gen 2's something to drool over. It'd be fresh and new yet oddly familiar. 

I'm sure they can shove a Necrozma plot in there somewhere. Also i'm not much of a fan of Alola's map so i don't want another game there. 
I like having one uniform version so I don't have to buy two copies just to catch em all
Oh we are getting a sequel, remember those construction sites and blank spaces in all the cities?

Next game there will be gyms because of the pokemon league.
I hope what they do is make us battle against the player character from S/M as the Pokémon Champion like we fought Red in Silver/Gold/Crystal.
I think this is super likely tbh. They've totally set it up to be a sequel situation. Most characters seem to have some kind of set up for the future (people saying Hau could one day be Kahuna, Lillie leaving to help her mom, etc.) plus the spots for possible gyms people have been talking about. I think Alola would be perfect for this too considering the region could very easily have alternate routes through the game (i.e. Island order is different.) Necrozma will almost certainly have an alt forme too imo and play an important role. It's based on a prism and lives in a region based on the rainbow state that's gotta be worth something.
Diamond and Pearl 2
My pet theory is Sun and Moon don't get sequels, Red and Blue do but at the same time end the real story of Sun and Moon, Lillie, Lusamine and the Ultra Beasts.

The post game UB hunts assert that anyone who comes through an Ultra Wormhole or has had contact with an Ultra Beast ends up being a beacon for the Ultra Beasts. Both Lillie and Lusamine meet this criteria and are now in Kanto. This also allows them to explain Necrozma who is very Ultra Beast esq. 

Assuming the Switch wants to capitalize on the most well known Pokémon games of all time.
>is the first time we've had a Rock or Flying type Elite Four.

I meen gen 1 Lance if we're going to fight about it
Why not have the third version as a sequel instead of a re-telling like previous third versions?
I hope we get anything at all,unlike what happened with XY,where they just said "hey guys no third game have some vague shit about zygarde oh also he's gonna be in the next gen for no reason at all"
I find it really odd that we haven't gotten a third game in a while. Most generations have had one. 

* Gen I: Red, Blue, *Yellow*
* Gen II: Gold, Silver, *Crystal*
* Gen III: Ruby, Sapphire, *Emerald* (and Fire Red/Leaf Green)
* Gen IV: Diamond, Pearl, *Platinum* (and Soul Silver/Heart Gold)
* Gen V: Black, White, Black 2, White 2
* Gen VI: X, Y, Omega Ruby, Alpha Saphire


The last two generations are the only two generations that haven't had a third game at all. The argument can be make that they did remakes/sequels instead, but they did BOTH a third game and remakes in Gen III and Gen IV. Maybe five games a generation was just too many for them so they trimmed it back to 4? Either way, it seems like Pokemon Stars might actually be a third game, but it'll be on the Switch will be . . . interesting (and kind of sucky because then I can't get a copy for my girlfriend unless we get two Switches). 
Wouldn't get my hopes up: we never had a Pokémon Z.
You missed one.
well turns out the one I missed was at the aether island under the table in the far north house, but I clearly remember getting it before. spooky
The last one was inside you all along!
I missed 3 and just got a 10% off the GTS ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
This is like the opposite of horcruxes, where you find them so you can keep them forever and create one badass dude.
Check again, when I was at 99 I thought I'd searched every area too, then I went back through each location and realised I had actually missed one (in Hau'oli cemetery).
You just entered yourself into personal hell at this point.
How do you check the number of cells you have?
Eugh I'm in the exact same boat, at least I don't have to wait until night/day now
I was in the same boat. I looked everywhere and checked every guide and ended at 99. Found the last one today in the observatory at night when I thought for sure that I checked there
I had this problem too. I kept on checking places at random, but then I gave in and checked everywhere in order on serebii. I found it after, like, the 17th location. I know it's hard for you to compute, but I think you missed one.
so smol
Is that a shiny Glaceon I spy
But which one if your favorite? Can you pick one without excluding the others?
I got all of them in shiny form

In Y


Until January





Because Poké Bank
New item next Game the Lillie ball, literally just a duffle bag
Her starter would be a Cleffa (most likely to show her bonds with her mother) which would be Clefable in the end-game. 

Because this is Kanto, we have to consider that she needs Pokemon that can use the specific HMs required to progress in the game. For HM Surf usage I'd say she'd go with Lapras because she would be used to people in Alola riding on Lapras. HM Strength, I'd say Kangaskhan because of the parent relationship and it would be her Mega during the rematch. As for Cut, Nidoking just to provide some contrast for her team. For Fly, Golbat for speed and it'll evolve into Crobat for the rematch.

The 6th Pokemon maybe Chansey just to have tank and have some healing. Replaced by Nebby in the rematch. 
Do you really think she can carry 5?
Mega Charizard, Venusaur, Blastoise, Aerodactyl, Alakazam, and Kangaskhan. Why a full team of megas? Because Lillie doesn't follow the laws of physics. 

According to all known laws of physics, a 11 year old girl should not be able to carry a ton in her backpack. The girl however does it anyways, because the girl doesn't care what professors think is possible, so she gets 6 megas. 
I believe that if they had given genders, than people would be butthurt when they tried to breed more cosmogs for stats and  natures
In the Spanish language, the sun is depicted as masculine and the moon feminine. Perhaps their pokedex entries are just a reference to this. 
DID ROTOM JUST LITERALLY ASSUME THE GENDER OF LIVING BEINGS?
So they can't get Attracted? I dunno.
I'm not sure, what I find particularly odd is that it describes it as the male/female evolution of Cosmog, while its pre-evolution is Cosmoem.
 
I don't know if in your language is like that, but in spanish the pokédex says something like Lunala being the female is a rumor, something the people think, it's not necessarily true
Probably because they're game exclusive and if they made cosmos gendered then 50% of the time they wouldn't be able to evolve in their respective games 
Pretty much the same reason Cryogonal learns Attract: Oversight.
If I recall correctly, not having a listed Gender sometimes just means "Gender Unknown" rather than actually Genderless. Furthermore, I recall the dex entries saying it was believed, but they don't say it for certain. A lot of Legendaries have this, even the ones that actually reproduces. It's just a way for keeping them as special unique things as a rule, or keeping some of the "so rare people don't actually know much about them," even when that starts to fall by the way side as it does in this game (with getting another Cosmog).

I've also heard that getting the second Cosmog has a scene of your box legendary and the one in the over game roaring at each other and then it appears? A little more mythical reproduction than Pokemon, even when it plays keep away with the specifics of how it happens, goes for.
Pretty neat, thank you for sharing.
You know, it's not a bad fan theory. I've definitely heard worse. Of course, it's hindered by the fact Mimikyu is a species, not an individual, but that never stopped them with Cubone, and that's actually canon.
So, it's a Gengar?
I personally think it's Mickey Mouse.
Slushshrew and Slushslash are my favorites for the Alolan Sandshrew line!
I named my vulpix, Coolpix. 
I love how they manage to add him to every game since his debut in Platinum. Can't think of any other character that has been given this sort of treatment.
Anything that is a puppy. Cause puppies are adorable.
Bouncing mimikyu!! So depressing and beautiful at the same time
Wailord and Guzzlord eat poke beans in one bite. Also Guzzlord, despite being a demon from another dimension, acts like a big ol' puppy in refresh.
Fucking Alolan Vulpix stole my heart. I loved taking it into refresh and giving it all my love.
Sandygast gets very upset if you touch its shovel.
Nebby, of course. What's better than petting the all powerful emissary of the sun, and feeding it beans?
You can high five Rockruff in Pokemon Refresh, honestly one of my favorite things about Sun and Moon
Y-you do know you can just teach it Brick Break by TM, right? And that said TM is obtainable long before you can even catch Passimian?
Love the look/concept, but yeah, his movepool/ability is rather lacking. :/
He was actually pretty solid on my team. Not amazing, but then, none of my Pokemon seemed to be aside from Vikavolt.
For those who rather use Google Sheets for free:  
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1tciOR-dFSdvYDQD9UxM0Z63hvxpFy261yiqEFGTGOWE
Gladion is an angsty teen and Lillie was pissed at him for leaving two years prior and making her mum even more unhinged. Just because they are siblings doesn't mean they have to be close.
That incineroar was most likely hacked. 
Shiny level 100 via wondertrade most likely hacked
Hay it me yur trade person
Those look so freaking good! Awesome sprites for an awesome Pokémon. Keep up the great work!!
Oh wow, that looks really professional!
Wow awesome but what did you use to make it?

sensational
Happy birthday! I know the gen 4 games (either DP or Pl...) made the snow diamond dust for your birthday?
I got Advocate - Dragon and Ghost. 

Would be an easy run considering how powerful Dragon types typically are....plus Mimikyu is really really OP as a story mode Pokemon. Z-Splash + Disguise is kinda busted. Especially against the AI.
This is a really cool idea that I'll definitely be checking out. I noticed that you don't have dark type on the list. Maybe it could go on defender, seeing as they are know for their strong defense like Umbreon?
Psychic and fighting, this should be fun!
Steel and Ghost, awesome types. This will be fun
Normal and water? oh god, nooooooo
Ice and Psychic, oh boy
INFP checking in. Didn't needed to do the test, because I already know my MBTI type. Sounds like a fun challenge when I'm finally done with the first game, even I kinda disagree with some of the pairings you give towards iether MBTI type.

I mean; INFP's get Grass / Psychic? We're more kinda Grass / Fairy in my opnion. We're precious emotional Whimsicott with Prankster with cinnamon buns on top that annoy the shit out of you because no one really understands us because our feelings and ideals are so special to us. :-P

Saved thread for later use or so.
I like the idea but i disagree with the types and i feel like a lot off people would have their own ideas about it
Can you edit in the M-B types next to each archtype?
Poor Dark types.

(Also Normal and Water, which was most of my in-game team anyway)
Fairy and Rock... That'd be fun!
Electric and Water, gives me an excuse to use Pokemon I haven't before.
Psychic and grass, huh? Well Lurantis and Tsareena are def on my team.
ARGH noooo I don't like fairy lols

But actually, awesome concept friend! :D
ISFJ DEFENDER! Fire and Fairy are AWESOME. Sweeeeet :D
Psychic, Grass. Huh, never been a big user of either
EDIT: Although Ironically I chose Rowlet in Sun and I'm training up an Abra.
I feel like campaigner is off a bit - I'd argue for flying and electric. Fast paced, flighty, poor defense.
Ghost and Rock... ok this should be fun :D
How odd, i got mediator and psychic and grass are two of my favorite types lol
Virtuoso 

Not too strong in SuMo. Mudsdale, Hariyama, Crabrawler and Diglett are my early game. If I turn off dupes clause, many alola duggies for free. 
This sounds cool. I'll try it sometime!
Haha ENFJ - protagonist - fire, grass, and water. A little on the nose but I'll take it
I guess I'll have to play through with Normal and Water when I get my Nuzlocke-only copy of the game =T good thing I haven't used Popplio yet
Psychic and grass. Huh. Considering my first hall of fame team consisted of decidueye, shiinotic, solagleo, ribombee, oricorio and muk I was halfway there.
Guess I'll plan my team for my moon playthrough
I reckon oranguru, lurantis, exeggutor, tsarena, raichu and dhelmise would be a good team 
What if the pokemon evolves and loses its type, changing it to something outside my personality? Do I abandon the poor thing?
"you got: mediator"

*checks chart*

psychic and grass? no way!
seems interesting. might attempt this in my sun run once i'm done with my moon.

edit. Question though, how do you go about assigning the different types to each personality?
Steel and ghost, I'll be trying this once I'm done with my first play through.
in case of dual typed pokemon, would i use one who's typing has one of my types as a sub type? like corsola, who is water/rock, would be able to be used for someone with the Campaigner personality? asking, cause i can do this, i just need to get my thoughts in a coherent set.
Grass and Psychic.... Two of my fav types, not bad. This should be fun!
I got Protagonist. Well that'll make the beginning easier since I can at least start with my starter. This should be fun to try with the variety involved 
I quite like this idea. I will most definitely give this a go with the Bug and Dragon mix. There are bug pokemon that I always love the design but end up not using because of how frail they are. I'm already using 2 bug types on my in-game team (almost used three but ultimately decided against it). 
Architect playthrough with Decidueye, Aegislash & Mimikyu. That sounds pretty cool.
i got fairy and Rock... that is not an easy playthrough, steel would ruin me!
Cool idea. The only thing I'd change is that you aren't allowed to use dual types that don't match the type that has been chosen. 

I'll definitely do this for Pokemon Platinum. 
I got Psychic and Grass. Not bad but now I have a massive bug type weakness. 
Darn. As INTP, I might just go solo with a Mimikyu :P
I got Mediator, Psychic and Grass.
I would totally do this if I had S/M and wasn't doing a bunch of other games.
Architect so Steel/Ghost. Some of my favorite duders are in this category. 
Psychic and grass. There's some solid coverage options there 
I'm a Campaigner so Fairy and Rock! Yeah I'll catch ALL THE CARBINK
Mediator, huh? Interesting... Psychic and Grass... I'll give this team a shot.

Decidueye

Starmie

Shiinotic

Metagross

A-Raichu

A-Exeggutor

Architect, Steel and Ghost. Should go well, if I do it. (I might try it in a game other than SuMo, though. Platinum would probably go well.)
IMO Mediator should be Fairy/Ghost to reflect on how we should listen to many, but talk to few.
Virtuoso; ground and fighting
This will be interesting
INTP here... gotta change water for normal, as it's a methaphore for calm, introvert types
Ice and Psychic, not bad!
I know from years of psychology that I'm the campaigner (ENFP) and I love this idea solely because my favorite mon is Diancie which fits perfectly in the locke!

I might actually do this one 

Edit: once pokebank updates and I can get my Diancie 
Fight and Ground? Oh, that's not so bad
What was the reason behind having Rock and Fairy for the campaigner? No hate, just curious!
Apparently an ISTP (virtuoso) here, but I'm confused that a personality strong in analysis and observation is placed with fighting and ground. Those types seem suited to the second half of the personality, being bold/stubborn, but not particularly 'thinking' types. I was just wondering about your thought process, because based on the description of the personality, I would've assumed a juxtaposition of psychic and rock/ground/steel (some heavy immovable type). What was your thought-process, and do you think there is a better type combination out there?
INTJ (Architect, Steel and Ghost), the same type I've gotten on the test a few times before and also my two favourite types! nice job there :D

I think you've helped me choose my starter for when I get the game!
Got Campaigner; fairy and rock. I might pass, not because I don't think it'll be fun, but because I was thinking of doing a Thunderlocke.
Awesome Once I finish my normal play through I'll try this.
ESTP  here, and I think that the Flying and Water should be replaced with Electric and Fighting, can keep Ground typing.
Are you only allowed to use pokemon types that correspond to the personality quiz?

If so, then how am I supposed to get a ghost/dragon type pokemon on the first encounter of a route? This nuzlocke is near impossible without breaking the rules.

Fun concept, but I don't think it'll work :(
Bug/Dragon... Mega Flygon, we need you now.
I like it
Patience and persistence. It's also much less overwhelming now that the player only needs to collect 300 Pokemon to get the shiny charm, as opposed to 800 Pokemon.

Use the GTS to get version exclusives and help you evolve Graveler, Kadabra, Haunter, Machoke, and Phantump. Also, almost every Pokemon is available in the wild. Some just take forever to find.
I caught one of everything I found. After that, I looked up what I didn't find (mostly things that required SOS battles) and I caught them. I went through the Battle Tree and Battle Royal to get my Battle Styles and used the BP from it to buy evolution items. Then I repeatedly went through the Elite 4 for exp. It really doesn't take too long. I'm only missing the Sun fossils, Solgaleo, and the Sun UBs right now. But I'm nearly done with my Sun playthrough so I'll have those soon.
It's pretty easy with the GTS. I literally traded for one Pseudo Legendary and just kept trading it over and over for all of the Pseudo Legendaries (because they take so long to evolve) and every Pokemon that evolves through a stone or an item and trade. Putting up some of your extra Ultra Beasts helps too.
get a hold a rare pokemon in your game, breed it, then use the GTS. That, combined with some straight grinding are how the majority of early completionists did it. 
1. Catch 300 female Salandit
2. Start trading
Some people have luck with rare stuff they can trade for pretty much everything and just breed that in boxes.
Set yourself daily goals, that way you don't overwhelm yourself. 
Most of them you can get through fair trades on the GTS, however the harder ones to obtain include Weavile and other evolution mons via items. The key to them for me was farming Metal Coats and trading scythers holding them. If you grab a Compound Eyes Butterfree with thief, then go to the trainer school grass on the left. Magnemites have decent spawn rates there and compound eyes makes metal coat a 20% hold chance rather than 5%. Got about 5 Metal coats from 12 Magnemites. bred a few Scythers and put them on GTS holding the metal coat. They traded instantly and I was asking for Weavile/Wigglytuff other harder to obtain Pokemon.
Im in between 50% to 66% done and in my opinion, gts is the biggest key to success. Just breed some rare pokemon and use them to get other pokemon that take a while to catch. Then while it is on the gts just go evolve and catch other pokemon you need.
Well, this is like my 5th time doing it and it gets easier and easier each time. Not just because of the transferring pokemon over, either. I try and re-catch each time, transferring only if I need to (legendaries and starters; even then, I still re-breed).

Let me start by saying I do the Living-Dex and I put restrictions on myself:

* It must have my trainer I.D.
* It must be in a pokeball.
* It must be female (exception being male-only pokemon)

From here it's all about prioritizing and knowing what you need. 

* Do you need some pokemon that are evolved forms? Level up/get the item needed.
* Do you need some basic forms? Breed.

Try not to go back and forth too quickly. Level up a handful of pokemon at a time. Breed a couple species before going and evolving those species. Try and go in order of the Dex, while maintaining the previous rules. This 'going in order' keeps you on track and helps with not get stressed out.

With all that, it doesn't take TOO long to complete. Obviously, with my female-only restriction, some pokemon take, what feels like, forever (Eevee, I'm looking at you). If you're not going for a Living-Dex, it should be even easier.
Represent
It's in the data leaks. Illma's level 12 smeargle has 252 atk evs also
6 dittos, 'twas a wild ride
1. Decidueye 
2. Vikavolt
3. Lunala (Stevie Nicks) 

4.Primarina (Marina (with a little diamond at the end)
5. Raichu
6. Exeggutor 
Nice! was that crobat a random, or an SOS chain?

Mine was: Decidueye (Tytowla), Oricorio-Bailie (Keeters), Lycanrock-Midday (Dakoroaw), Minior (Yoosunglimer), Mimikyu (Nyarlakyu), Wishiwashi (Ostrome).

Exeggutor (Exeggudon)

Lycanroc Sun (Savannah)

Golisopod (Carybdis)

Sallazle (Hellbender)

Palossand (8th Wonder)

Crabominable (Karkinos)

Wasn't a fan of the starters, so I dropped Decidueye once I got Exeggutor on island 4.  I still always pick grass starters, but I basically treated Rockruff as my Gen 7 starter.  Rock puppy is da bomb.
1. Primarina (Dusk)

2. Vikavolt (Viki)

3. Mudsdale (Big Mac)

4. Crabominable (Little Mac)

5. Salazzle (Fatale)

6. Lunala (Nebby)

Napstablook the Mimikyu got replaced by Lunala during the lead up to the Elite Four, but I still consider him an honorary member.
Ditto(imposter) lvl 42
Toxapex lvl42
Absol lvl49
Solgaleo lvl 63 
Greninja (ash) lvl 66
Salazzle lvl 43
Primarina, Crabominable, Magnezone, Zygarde (10%), Kadabra, Haunter (forgot to trade evolve before lmfao)
Decidueye


Primarina


Umbreon


Arcanine


Ninetales


Solgaleo (before the Nebby cutscene I had Lycanroc, couldn't stand the though of not entering Nebby in the Hall of Fame)
* Incineroar (Lavapaw)
* Alolan Persian (Kennedy)
* Alolan Raichu (Thundola)
* Solgaleo (Leoguard)
* Pelipper (Seamus)
* Alolan Dugtrio (Trietta)
Incineroar
Pallosand
PERSIAN (GARFIELF)
NEbby (SUN)
Exeggutor (He long gone by now)
Bewear
•Decidueye.
•Lycanroc
•Toxapex
•Salazzle
•Togedemaru
•Alolan Ninetales
1. Primarina
2. Shiny vikavolt (576)
3. Shiny ninetails (god bless wonder trade)
4. Golisopod 
5. Shiny salandit (disappointment wasted 500+sos encounters)
6. lurantis  
I had Decidueye (Dandy Shot), Slowbro (Bruh), Snorlax (Om Nom) and Greninja from event/demo, Alolan Raichu (Shintani) and Lunala (Nebby) :) all between 56-62. I thought I'd be in trouble with so much type overlapping but it was a piece of cake :)
1. Primarina (Azura)
2. Salazzle (Azalea) 
3. Tsareena (Bouncee)
4. Shiny Alolan Ninetales  (Freya)
5. Snorlax (Choji)
6. Alolan Golem (Veler) 
1. Primarina

2. Espeon

3. Vikavolt

4. Alolan Ninetales

5. Salazzle

6. Solgaleo (Nebby)
Decidueye  (Dr.Hoo)

Incineror  (Brimstone)

Garchomp (Sharknado)

Alolan Ninetales (Elsa)

Lycanroc midday (Dash)

Toxapex (Herc)

So when I got to the breeder I was lucky enough to get a female starter on the gts and bred pokemon and gts for the team I wanted. I then bred them to get one with out the boosted exp bonus.
Remember the first Malamar we saw in the anime? Evil mastermind brainwashing people.

Meanwhile, Xerosic's Malamar was stated to have a big interest in playing with Emma. It was Xerosic's behavior that was dubious, not Malamar.
I think it isn't necessarily mutually exclusive.
Look at how popular Pikachu is.
So much so that Mimikyu has to use a Pikachu disguise to get any sort of love.
Yet Pikachu, just because of looks, gets all this love.
Of course a hatred for Pikachu could easily start.
I dunno, I think it's pretty clear that the Mimikyu in the trial has a creepy and unhealthy obsession with Pikachu.  He even has a crazy wall with all those Pikachu photos and drawings on it.
Anime and games are pretty distinct in a lot of ways. That being said, I can't say I approve of this slandering of my favorite Gen 7 Pokemon
And the original Jigglypuff in the anime was a self-centered jerk. Remember the Squirtle Squad? Haunter was a good-natured prankster with a predilection for uproarious laughter. Then there's that episode about the terrible Togepi. (the age of these examples says something about how long ago I last watched the show).    
The anime likes playing Pokemon against type for laughs.
To be fair though, this is the only Mimikyu we've seen. The other Mimikyu's will most likely be different. 
i mean, when your ingame mimikyu survives long enough to set up a sword's dance and Never Ending Nightmare Hau's alolan raichu that's 20 levels above it... you gotta stop and think that maybe that hatred is represented in the games 



~~Jesus Christ tho Hugs was only Level 30 I was not expecting savagery of that level.~~
Seeing Mimikyu's clear hatred for Pikachu in the anime motivated to step my own Pika Hatred.

So I will make a team with the pure focus of destroying eletric types.
He's gonna cut off Pikachu's skin and wear it... Then eat his liver with some fava beans and a nice Chianti, Clarice.  
[What?! Noooo.](http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/148/390/dd6.png)
If Acerola shows up in the anime, I'm betting we'll see another, nicer mimikyu
Love him
I'm not a Pikachu fan myself. This only makes me like that Mimikyu even more. I mean, sure Pikachu is one of the most popular Pokémon out there, yet there are people that just doesn't like Pikachu. Sure, we only have seen one Mimikyu so far in the anime, but I already like this Mimikyu. Too bad it belongs not to the trainer I wanted even it was his ball.
I just want mimkiyu bonding with jessie now that she caught him and then they could love eachother as nobody else love these precious children
Trust Team Rocket to stumble upon an incredibly hateful Mimikyu, rather than a nice one.
...I think I just started loving Mimikyu even more. <3
I think it's pretty much garanteed it will have character development (maybe even right in the next episode, however I'm just far-fetching the preview).

Besides, those two things are not mutually exclusive. It happily accepted to be caught by Jessie when she threw a Luxury Ball. This probably shows a lot about its loneliness.
How pissed is Mimikyu going to be when it realizes that Team Rocket don't actually want to beat Pikachu, they want to capture it for themselves
To quote a mimikyu in the game...
"Me...me...curse...you"

Either the Mimikyu is saying memes will curse me or it's gonna curse me
That's a special kind of hatred. To dress like that which you hate so you are constantly reminded of it on a daily basis to keep the hate fresh... 
My theory is in the anime that mimikyu is the ghost of a pokemon killed by either Ashs Pikachu or some other Pikachu and it doesn't remember why it hates Pikachu it just knows that it does. the reason it dresses like one is because the thought of Pikachu is so burned in its head it's the only design it can think of.  
We don't count the anime :P
So it wants to be Pikachu so bad it wants to kill him? I'm gonna start referring to it as SYP (Single Yellow Pokémon). 
& Then the one in the game in Aether house is like "Me curse you"
I did a team battle with Pikachu and Mimikyu for the lulz.
spoiler :c
Why do these things have to be mutually exclusive? Can't i have a little misunderstood ghost friend that ALSO hates the pikachu?
Wait, really? I haven't got to the anime yet.
This was introduced in Gen 6
Same here! Hopefully this isn't the last we see of her character, maybe we'll join her in Kanto eventually.
Thanks, man. I'm saving this.
A bit excessive IMO. False Swipe, any attack with high PP like Leafage, Yawn, and Switcheroo is all you need. 1 Smeargle + Munchlax will be enough. You can use a Fighting move if your Smeargle isn't strong enough to OHKO with Leafage.

Why Yawn > Spore?

If you Spore first, you'll waste a turn of sleep getting rid of the Recycler. If you Spore second, you'll risk wasting a turn if the new target calls for help. If you Yawn, your target falls asleep on the same turn you get rid of the Recycler for max duration sleep and no chance of unwanted ally calls.

Why no Recycle?

Because you can pull hundreds of Leppa berries / day. Just use them to restore your own PP if needed, don't worry about conserving them.

Why a high PP move if berries are so plentiful?

0/40 PP on Leafage tells you you're now getting 4IV encounters (assuming you're OHKOing things) so there can't be any counting accidents.

Just bring that one Smeargle and the aforementioned Munchlax.
I don't know how often they show up, but I think they stay when some sort of invisible timer ticks to zero and they're still there. Wild Pokemon will stay longer if you put Poke Beans in Isle Abeens's crate.
A mismagius and carbink came together. I only talked to them like twice and left plenty of beans. They both stayed after that, despite my lack of effort.

I think it's mostly luck.
I mean it tells you. If you visit them again a day later they stay.
I will trade you a Lure Ball Maraenie for one....
I'd love to have one.
If I could get one, that would be great. Thanks in advance!
Did you use any particular strategy to figure out which grimer had the HA? Because seems like it would be the hardest part of chaining in my opinion. 

Also if you have one to throw my way I'm gonna start breeding magic guard abras soon and would be willing to trade XD 
I would definitely like one
If you do end up having extras, id love to have one. 
Damn!! looks great :) 
Looks Steam Punk inspired. 
I like it. 
I'm impressed not only by your talent, but your dedication to sticking with this for a month (so far).
Upvoted for spherical octahedron!
Next game's region Magnemite confirmed. 
Yeah, but you have to disconnect to do anything *but* run around the Plaza.
It disconnected me when I tried it.
I wished they all got retconned to being stone evos. With sylveon getting a "flesh ribbon" item to evolve with his trade 
We have enough stones so that Eevee could just be the stone evolution pokemon...
I think because having 4 trainers to go through with 3+ pokemon per route would become tedious in the earlier islands.
Headcanon: it's very difficult raising multiple Pokémon at once. That's why only the Elite 4, Champion, player and rivals ever have six Pokémon. They're the best of the best and can train many Pokémon at once
I noticed the same thing. They even had a few consecutive battles where each trainer only had 1 pokemon, and since it was a new battle, you could use a Z move each time. I wonder if they did it that way so you can utilize Z moves more often... but it only made everything even easier.
Someone didn't run into the trainer with Whitney's miltank.
http://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Veteran_(Trainer_class)
Well apparently people *didn't* love them because they didn't sell very well. Stadium sold the best at around 5 million copies (compared to the 50 mil of the main gen 1 games), and by the time battle revolution came out it sold less than 2 million.

If the rumors are to be believed we're finally getting a full pokemon game on switch, whether it's a port or a sequel or whatever. I'd take that over a version of stadium any day.
Frankly, I didn't care for the Stadium games as much as everyone seems to.  The only thing I want is a new Pokémon Colosseum.
Almost all the console games sold pretty poorly, and most were only made to see the pokemon in 3D
Nah, she's probably actually a ghost, and much much older than she appears...
I don't feel like agatha gives off the same vibe as acerola, but it's an interesting theory.
There are Civs on this planet that never researched the Copyright tech.
One word: China.
Saw multiple ads for some no-name mobile game on YouTube that showed a 3D ORAS looking Oak giving you a starter, with no mention of a game, and then the end slate is like "monster battle FREE on Android and iPhone". So blatant
Pokeland legends is better
I don't think it's a rip-off if they use the same name.  More like copyright infringement.
it's a website where you hatch eggs.
Because as long as they get their 30% of all purchases, the store owners just don't care. 
It's actually a fan game.
Use Feint!
protect spam is really annoying, the only time it's a good move is when you recover enough hp via leech seed / lefties / black sludge / aqua ring / grassy terrain , etc.... to give the pokemon enough hp to take another hit, using protect to just stall the match, pp stall and play super safe is a waste of a move slot and way annoying
I'm sure they rolled around in enough dirt before they died.
Well I *could* have caught them all if they didn't keep Self-Destructing :/
I just flat out fainted them if they weren't the one I wanted though I caught every colour within about forty five minutes. 
I watched them all die but now I have all the colors except black....
What's even worse is that I, as a trainer, intentionally have Minior's shell break so that it can sweep. I'm literally killing it so that I can win Pokemon battles... and it works.
If you breed Minior with Ditto does the color change of the baby?
It is worth it having all the colors
Golduck was awesome at getting all these little shits until they eventually killed him. And then HARA KIRI.
Decided I wanted to try out the Hyper Training thing to get max IVs instead of breeding. So I went out to catch a minior. Caught the color I wanted with the nature I wanted on the first try with a Beast Ball. So now I get to sit here and silently judge everyone ITT ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
I think you just figured out why they self-destruct all the time. They know that it's either faint and die a slow painful death, or go out on their own terms. Of course there's the option of getting captured and being fine, but they don't know what each trainer is thinking.
Pokedex isn't canon stop acting like it's canon.
so here are mine :

**Adventure**  
1. Sun/Moon - ok so this was a nice little departure from the recycled formula. my favourite thing about Sun/Moon, alongside the region and the kahunas, would be the characters! in fact, this is the only pokemon game which i can safely say has a main character, and lmao it isn't even you! it's lillie. we love her.  i liked that the title legendary is a relevant side character for the entire game, and nebby has become a stable for my party, as opposed to yveltal, who was instantly dumped in a box.   
2. Oras - screw what everyone else says this is the best remake of classical pokemon out there.  it had a cool enemy team and the part where you fight groudon is incredible.   
3. White - this was the predecessor to Sun and Moon in terms of story grandeur, up to the whole abusive parent theme.   
4.  Platinum - one word.... reverseworld. ~~diamond and pearl look shit though.~~    
5. Y - ok so it was cool in some places (like the fireworks and the post-champion battle) but the rest was ehh. i havent touched it in a while.   
6. heartgold/soulsilver  - i understand that these technically tell us the future of kanto and the old champion, but the main game of heartgold/soulsilver (the johto area) is pretty poor by today's standards and even by its generation.    
7. yellow - its kanto it hasnt got a story what else is there to say   

*Challenge*  
1. Platinum - ok I don't know what it is about platinum. it's hard sometimes, but it's so *fun*. i dont mind grinding or losing. hell i fought the elite 4 like 9 times before even *trying* to reach cynthia because it was so fun levelling my pokemon against them.  when i did reach her i put my headphones in and headbanged to the whole thing. so much hype.    
2.  ORAS - it was easy, but by no means immemorable. as this was my first introductory game it was a good thing for being so easy. i enjoy refighting the elite 4, for other reasons too which i will move onto, but everything was transparent in this game which made it enjoyable.  my favourite battles are the groudon fight, the dad fight, the last one against may and the one versus zinnia.    
3. sun - it was easy for the first parts of the game, but man does it pick up towards the end. i enjoy it because the fights arent impossible, they just require a bit of tactics, and it doesnt take too long to level new pokemon up to the standards of your current team as the wild pokemon are a much higher level than in a certain other game on this list.
4. white - a solid game with a tough final boss. it took me over a year to complete this the first time because i was stuck on clay after overlevelling servile at the expense of the rest of my party.... the best part of this game, however, is the introduction of reusable TMs.     
5.  y - it had some of the improvements seen in ORAS but it was so easy and in such an immemorable story that i remember a total of nothing.  
6. soulsilver - uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuugh the wild pokemon available in this game are so bad.... when *Ampharos* is my ace it really says something.  it was nice having a pokemon follow you though. and the kanto gyms were awesome! i found myself very frustrated at points, wondering where to go next every 5 seconds, relying on google.... as for completing the red battle? fought him once but no, im not grinding my pokemon by an additional 40 levels higher than anything else in the game, he can fuck off.  considering porting my platinum pokes to finish this.     
7. once again its gen 1. what the heck were you expecting. the only move supereffective against psychics has 20bp and theyre accidentally immune to ghosts.  

**Music**   
1. Sun/Moon - what the hell do you think ive been listening to all week? favourite track is ruins or lusamine's battle themes or lillie's credits theme.      
2. ORAS - im starting to suspect the way i rank games depends almost entirely on how good its soundtrack is   
3.  Platinum - re-hearing cynthias theme in White after 7 years since playing platinum got me to look up pokemon on the damn internet . i havent stopped listening to battle themes since.   
4. Soulsilver - the music in these games is so pretty and nostalgic.   i just about prefer platinum cos i think its a better game in general, but SS has prettier themes, especially the trainer battle music and the gym.  Ho-oh also has a very unique legendary track.  
5. White - ok so ill admit i dont like the route or city music in this game apart from opelucid city which i will sit in for 20 minutes. N's theme though? Ghetsis's theme? bring me more pls   
6. Yellow - ahhhhhh nostalgia. very good music for its time, i feel guilty for ranking it this low.    
7. Y - dianthas theme is boss and i like the quality of the music, but i remember nothing else from it. the game and the music are a package together. neither made the other memorable. ORAS's track was everything this should have been. im listening to a gym theme from this game right now finishing this section and i want it to be over.   
 
**Multiplayer**   
1. Y/Oras - im tying these two together as they use the same multiplayer system and it was *perfect*. sorry but the only way it could be improved was by having a mode which banned legendaries, which thankfully sun and moon added, though at the expense of some other things.....  
2. Platinum - as the game which formally introduced online multiplayer ~~even though i didnt know how to use it~~ this HAS to be near the top of the list. additionally i spent hours in the wifi plaza playing the minigames and riding on the pokemon-shaped floats. very enjoyable for a kid.   
3. Sun/Moon - quite similar to XY but sadly they seem to have taken inspiration from Fable 3 and Dragonball Xenoverse when designing the hub...  it's an inferior type of plaza to Platinum's as the minigames arent even really minigames, and it is chunky and confusing when compared to Gen 6's PSS. Also theres no way to communicate to other players.  One thing it DID add was the option to not have legendaries in battles though, but whether that's functional i have yet to see.   
4. Everything else - yeah ive never played multiplayer on the other games due to the lack of online functionality. I assume HGSS was like Platinum? IDK if it had the Plaza or minigames.   

Anyway that's my comment
1. BW (The region that introduced most of my favorite Pokemon and I feel has the best region when it comes to locations and memorability. It also went away from the normal formula and gave a new region that is all its own, it is not constantly holding onto nostalgia but instead it was a new fresh take.)

2. Sun & Moon (It is very close when it comes to comparing it to BW. The music in this one is in my opinion some of the best. ) 

3. Soul Silver & Heart Gold (It had Pokemon who followed you and 2 regions which is always great!) 

4. BW2 (It introduced one of my favorite side adventures which is the Pokemon World Tournament, I mean if we are not going to get a game with all the regions connected then I love being able to battle it out with all kinds of trainers from different regions that I have seen in my journies. I would love to see this specific thing come back in future games and be expanded on!) 

5. Omega Ruby & Alpha Sapphire (Honestly could of beat BW2 if only the post game was any good but they failed by leaving out the Battle Frontier.)

6. X&Y
7. RSE 
8. Fire Red & Leaf Green
9. DPP
10. GSC
11. RGBY
Story: SM > BW > B2W2 > DPPt > HGSS > XY > ORAS

SM's story didn't live up to its potential in a few places, but I'd still consider it the series' best. BW still comes close, though. DPPt gets special treatment solely because of Cyrus. HGSS and ORAS were both "okay I guess", and XY is redeemed entirely by Emma's story. I don't think story is that important in a Pokémon game, though. 

Region: DPPt >>>>>>>>> B2W2 > HGSS > BW > XY > SM > ORAS

As someone who grew up with Sinnoh, I'll always be biased towards DPPt on that matter. I still think it's a well-designed region either way. B2W2 had some great locations too; HGSS gets merit thanks to its sheer vastness. BW and XY were kinda unremarkable. SM was a bit too small, and I don't know why, but I never really enjoyed Hoenn. 

Challenge: DPPt > HGSS > SM > B2W2 > BW > ORAS > XY

Not much to say about this one. They're not even that different in terms of challenge anyway, except Gen VI and its busted Exp. Share balancing. 

Music: DPPt > B2W2 = BW > SM > HGSS = XY > ORAS

The DS era had the best music, hands down. The town and route themes of Sinnoh in particular are so magical, I don't know if anything will be able to beat them. SM had some really nice music, but I'd say that HGSS and XY aren't that behind in terms of overall quality. ORAS... I don't really remember much about it, to be honest. 

Multiplayer: XY = ORAS > B2W2 > DPPt > SM > BW = HGSS

I only realised when it was gone just how good the PSS was. RIP. B2W2's Join Avenue was also amazing. DPPt had the Underground, which I'm definitely hoping is in the probably inevitable remakes. The rest are "okay, I guess". 
1. SM so far
2. BW
3. XY
4. BW2
5. ORAS
6. RSE
7. GSC
8. FRLG
9. RGBY
10. DPPt  
11. HGSS
Ignoring remakes -

Adventure: BW > SuMo > BW2 > XY > RSE > GSC > RBY > DPP

I really liked Black and White's villains and N's catch-and-release team-building was a great gimmick for a pseudo-rival character to have. I also liked that Black and White put the new Pokemon front and center with no old Pokemon until the postgame.

Multiplayer: RSE > DPP > XY > SuMo > BW/BW2 > GSC > RBY

I got a ton of mileage out of RSE's secret bases as a multiplayer mechanic. Didn't get into DPP's secret bases stuff as much, but it had them so it scores high in my book. Otherwise, all the online features are awesome and make filling out the Dex easier than ever.
From favourite to least favourite:


1. SUMO

2. ORAS

3. HGSS

4. DPP

5. XY

6. FRLG

7. BW2

8. BW
SM/BW2/HGSS/the rest
1. RB/GS/RS/FRLG/DP/HGSS/BW/BW2/XY/ORAS/SM  
2.  
3.  
4.  
5.  
6.  
7.  
8.  
9.  
10.  
11.  
  
I'm bad at this.
Yo straight up

1. Pokemon Gold/Silver (it was the first pokemon game to let you hold more than 20 items in your bag. Plus that shit had 2 regions in one!)

2. Pokemon pinball (super legit)

3. Pokemon trading card game (see 2)

4. Pokemon colloseum  (Mirror B and his Ludicolos!)

5. Pokemon x and y (Finally added in new elements in a long time classic game)

Honorary mention: 

Pokemon blue  (It was my first game ever. It will always be number 1 to me)

Hey you Pikachu (I miss you buddy. Hope you're still collecting topaz for me)

1. Diamond/Pearl/Platinum  
2. Sun/Moon  
3. OR/AS  
4. Gold/Silver/Crystal  
5. Yellow/Blue/Red  
6. Sapphire/Ruby/Emerald  
7. Black/White and Black2/White2  
8. Fire Red/Leaf Green

No particular reason. Just a personal list of the games I enjoyed from most to least.
Just be happy you weren't trolled out of a shiny like some other poor unfortunate people. 

I consider Emergency Exit as Guzma's last laugh. 
It's not the Pokemons fault that the trainer doesn't know what they are doing. 

:P
You can't catch him regardless the first time you encounter him
This reminded me how *thicc* Olivia is
tfw no concept art for your waifu
i need more.
Could've sworn there were more on 4chan
Thank youuuu it's beautiful 
Cool, thanks! Is the guide filled with a lot more concept art? Because I'd buy it just for ~~Kukui~~ that.
That wouldn't make too much sense, as she wants to not only save Lusamine, but want to go through the Indigo League. Which, won't realistically happen in less than a week of leaving.
what team would she have? part of me feels like shed be a psychic type trainer due to Nebby, or a fighting type due to her own character transformation. she could be fairy though, with her clefairy doll thats clearly based on her mother's clefable.

maybe a mixed team?   
as shes a Kanto trainer now, her team would probably be filled with Kanto pokemon.
I would prefer Guzma if we are being honest.
I dunno. One of the things I liked about Lillie was that she didn't want to battle you every other time you saw her, like every other Pokemon character. Rivalry with Hau? Sure! But I'd much prefer something to do WITH Lillie. Like, in the Switch version, I hope they add another post-credits storyline where Lillie comes back after a while and you and she have to figure something out or solve a problem. Maybe there'd be double battles and she'd fight alongside you.

I know I'm being naive, and if she comes back she's probably going to want to "show you how strong I've become." I also really miss Lillie, and I really hope they bring her back in Stars. I mean, the developers made your Rotom and your mother mention her all the time, rubbing salt in the wound and giving you false hope. I think the only reason I dove so fervently into the post-credit content is because I hoped I could trigger her return somehow, and now that I've kind of accepted she probably won't be back, I'll be slowing down a lot more.

Man... The Seafolk Village night music and the Poni Wilds music are just amazing, but they also keep the heartbreak raw because they remind me so much of Lillie and when we had our moments on Exeggutor Island. By the way, did you know if you go into that hollow where you and Lillie escaped the rain, you can find a hidden Big Pearl where she was standing? I always save with my character on the cliff looking out over the ocean as if awaiting her return. Even I think that's taking it way too seriously, but yeah, a game hasn't made me care about a character so much in a long time and then they rip her away at the height of my joy, shocking me with how much I miss her and how that feeling totally invalidated my feeling of triumph for defeating the Elite Four, even though I know, practically, if she stayed she would just be an NPC standing around with very limited dialogue that would be repeated over and over, making her potentially stale and uninteresting. Maybe taking her away while she was still interesting was the best thing they could do for her character, story-wise, but now I care way too much.
If I didn't know the full list of possible challengers, I'd assume Lillie was among them. It feels like such a no-brainer.
What if the game has to have been beaten for a month then she comes back?
It's been posted before but it never fails to amuse me.
Don't really recommend that, the times between battles are a bit awkward. Good for grinding low level pokemon but not efficient for high levels. Festival plaza stalls are the thing to look at for high level pokemon.
I may have to try this. The elite four get super boring since Primarina can kill almost all their (each) Pokémon with moonblast or hydro pump. 

I haven't tried the buffet yet :p
Decent but not the most efficient XP wise. However, you also get a very decent amount of money, especially if you abuse happy hour and amulet coin.
Elite four gives way more exp and is more efficient, bad advice.
I'm working on my living dex for S/M Pokémon so I've been grinding wild Pokémon just outside the battle tree (poni plains?) while giving the Pokémon I'm looking to evolve a lucky egg. This is probably a fine method for leveling 1-45 or so, but anything after that might need another system. Sounds like Festival Plaza Rare Kitchen/Buffet and E4 Grinding is the way to go...
##Okay, I tested this and can confirm it does NOT work. I'll leave the method below in case anyone else was thinking of doing this.##

    Not taking any credit, saw this in another thread but don't remember who the OP was.
    
    ##1) Get a Blissey.##
    
    You can encounter a Pichu in route 1 and SOS chain a Happiny. Level it up while holding the Oval Stone (sorry I forget where you get it) for Chansey, then level again at max happiness for Blissey. Soothe Bell helps gain happiness.
    
    Then, level it to 50 and learn Healing Wish, and go visit the Move Deleter (in the first poke center on melemele island I believe) and delete the other 3 moves.
    
    You might also want to give her the Lucky Egg until she hits 100.
    
    ##2) Get a Munchlax.##
    
    I think you find these on route 2 or 3? Can't quite remember. Get one, then head to the Pokemon center at the Pokemon league and have the move reminder teach him Recycle. Then, another trip to the move deleter to forget his other 3 moves.
    
    Alternatively, you could also use a Smeargle for this, as long as his only move is Recycle.
    
    ##3) Get a Hypno.##
    
    I completely forgot where you find him, but you catch him at a high enough level. Take him to the move reminder and learn Switcheroo, the rest of his moves don't matter. I gave mine Hypnosis and Psychic.
    
    Again, you could also use a Smeargle with Switcheroo, just don't use your Recycler for this. I actually recommend this, as you can give this Smeargle False Swipe, Yawn and any ~~fighting move like Brick Break~~ non-ghost attack to make it easier to catch a shiny if that happens.
    
    Give this guy a Leppa berry.
    
    ##4) Go find a Ditto.##
    
    You'll want in your party your Blissey, Munchlax, Hypno/Smeargle, a False Swiper, and whatever you want to level up.
    
    I think Ditto is in route 10? Once you find one, immediately switch to Munchlax so it transforms into it. Then switch to Hypno to give it the Leppa berry. Then drop it's hp to 1 with False Swipe, and switch to Blissey.
    
    ##5) Spam Adrenaline Orb.##
    
    The setup is complete. You should have Blissey out against a Munchlax Ditto who only knows Recycle and is holding a Leppa berry, meaning infinite PP. Ditto should have 1 hp, and constantly call for help from other Dittos. As they come in, they transform into Blissey, use Healing Wish to kill themselves, and grant your party big exp. (UNCONFIRMED) As your Blissey gets higher level, you should gain more exp from each Ditto.
    
    You can literally keep spamming Adrenaline Orb until your party is level 100. Or, until you encounter...
    
    ##6) Omg a shiny Ditto!##
    
    Switch back to your false swiper or Smeargle. Get the shiny low, kill off the recycle Ditto, and yawn/hypnosis it to put it to sleep. I prefer yawn because you can kill the recycler on the same turn the shiny falls asleep so there's no chance of a SOS call. Then go catch your new shiny 4+ IV ditto.
    
    ---
    
    I just got my Blissey to 50 last night so I haven't tried it yet but I plan to give it a go tonight when I get home from work.     
    
    Edit: formatting    
This is the first island right? Cause I went there yesterday and the Pokémon I went against were levels 13 to 15. I'm at the elite four now but haven't challenged them as I want to level my team a bit more so do I need to beat them before the mall Pokémon go up levels?
Would this be faster than grinding outside Battle Tree?
You have a chance to capture him after you beat him
I wasn't really paying attention, trying to skip the whole thing so I could save. When it popped up on the screen I panicked and wasted my masterball on it.
We know. 
Not only that, in the final fight with him before the league, he also gets a Lucario, a third Pokémon that evolved via friendship.
Haha, I just said this on a thread earlier, but it's my opinion that when he sort of becomes friends with you and Hau, he realizes what he's missing with him and his Pokemon.
Another small detail I loved about Gladion is that every time you fight him his title is "Team Skull Gladion".  
But after Nanu says to him something like "If you're trying to become stronger, why do you rely on Team Skull?", the next time you fight him his title is changed to "Pokemon Trainer Gladion".
I remember hearing the same of Silver in GSC and his Crobat
I think the biggest reason Gladion is able to chill afterwards is because he knows his sister will be alright. A lot of his anger seemed aimed towards himself for not being able to keep Lillie safe. She's the biggest reason for why he ends up having a lot of respect for you. 
Game Freak likes to make the character's teams subtly reflect who they are. For instance, Cyrus talks about how he sees emotion as wasteful, including the player's compassion for their Pokemon. However, in the second battle with him, his Golbat evolves into a Crobat. Seeing as they can only evolve through happiness, he either had a slight change of heart after meeting the player, or never believed his own words. 
Additionally, with Type Null specifically its helmet was placed as it went berserk when trying to utilize the RKS system. The helmet canceled out the RKS system, but pacified Null. But Type Null became so happy with Gladion that it could have its helmet removed in its evo and utilize the RKS system without going berserk. It's pretty nifty. 
But... but... when I tried to talk to him in his hotel room he told me to get out.
I'm still tickled about all the team skull grunts that I've seen with level 33 male salandits.
Another thing about his final team. He has a Lucario, Weavile, and a Porygon-Z. Lucario is a 3rd friendship evolution, and Weavile and Porygon-Z require items that can only be purchased with BP... The BP that he's been getting at the Battle Dome.
Also i read at least in the german Pokemon Moon Pokedex entry it says: that a young boy gave Silvally his name because he was the only one to get him to evolve yet 
Clever gamefreak = new Clever();
You go to the League about 5 minutes after calming Lusamine down. How did he learn that information so quickly? And how did he raise the friendship that quickly?
That's actually really cool.
Silver did it first
Silver did it first. It also implies that he got some friends as Porygon only evolves when traded. Same with Silvers haunter/gengar.
Like Silver! But better.
That's soooooo gud
They did this way back with the rival in Gold & Silver. 


Meh. It's been done before. Gen II Rival, Silver. He had a Golbat on his team most of the game, but when he became chill and started to see Pokemon as more than just tools to fight with, the Golbat becomes a Crobat.
I loved that whole battle with him at the end there. It made it feel like it was a battle of retribution. The music made it perfect. Also, it also says Pokemom Trainer Gladion. Just small things.
Silver did this first in HGSS though. And he had to deal with the same problem of being the offspring of a villanous team leader.
They did the same thing with Silver and his Crobat.
I maxed out its hearts, why isn't null evolving? ( I leveled it up 12 times since maxing out hearts)
The power of egao is leaking.
Are you able to catch type null? I already beat red and can't find where to get type null 
Yeah hes literally Silver. 
I think that they did that with Silver in Gen 2 also
I didn't like the ride Pokémon music overlapping too...
I don't think three dark alola forms is so bad considering Gen 1 had none before. And it's not like there's a whole bunch among the new mons either.
I love how Hala and Olivia have all this buildup, then Nanu is just like "By the way I'm the kahuna. I guess we'll battle."
His house with the like 12 meowths was the best part.
If you beat the game there is a great scene where he does his Z pose where no one can see him.  He's awesome!
Big fan here too and as a Dark trainer he's my favorite we've gotten so far. 

[The UB missions reveal he was a top ranking member of the international police who retired after the UB unit he was a part of with Looker failed their mission and UB-05 killed the third member of their team.](#spoiler)
I love how he lives with Team Skull like it's no big deal and he's just so strong that Skull can't do anything about it, but he also doesn't care enough or sees that Skull doesn't do enough actual harm to actively pursue them.
Nanu is awesome! The scene where he does the dark type pose far away behind the tree is the best. 
While we're appreciating Nanu's mannerisms, I want to point out during the Ultra Beast episodes, when he enters he walks to the other side of the hotel room then turns away from the back wall. I interpret that as him leaning against the wall before he talks to us. I just love how lazy he seems.
I love how when making the elite 4 he responded he'd be dammed if he was gonna go it just because some guy asked him to.
My favorite was right before Po Town when he said he would get your remains to your family if you failed.
I love how after you beat him in the Kahuna battle he seems like he doesn't care but if you don't click away super fast, you see him smirk and that just like, made my day when i saw it. This dark, kind of out of it character suddenly showing some sort of emotion really made me like him even more. He wasn't just some random guy who talked about Team Skull or completely slacked on his duties. He does care and likes to battle/see you improve.
I just want to use this thread to nerdgasm for a moment.

I fuckin' *love* Nanu! His character arc is so elegantly and concisely executed that I can't help but love him as a fan of both Pokemon and storytelling. He is clearly a character that prefers to keep himself and his identity on the sidelines, and not out of some contrived backstory that would waste time in its exposition, but out of a clearly communicated sense of apathy and aloofness that makes him easy to identify with. 

Here's a guy who's just minding his own business and staying out of the way. But that's not where his character ends, because he has a clear set of values cut from the archetypical Pokemon character mold. Consider what sets the Kahunas of the other islands apart from the other fodder trainers found therein: they each show an appreciation for the culture and the environment they were made "leader" of (very similar to Gym Leaders of past games, on a tengential note, which is true of the following traits as well), they each stay true to a specific type of Pokemon that they are meant to represent, and hold a position in their respective regions that grants them limited power of governance and policing, allowing them to act as both Mayor/Governor and Sheriff when they see fit. While that condition varies among the individual Kahuna's personalities, each one's approach to "governing/sheriffing" can be seen as an extension of their personalities.

With all this in mind, back to Nanu. He values the safety of his island, he represents the Dark type, and uses his power to come and go from areas of conflict as he pleases, though "as he pleases" specifically means doing reconnaissance and informing the player of relevant information before stepping out of the way to let justice take its course. And with that, Nanu is clearly cut from the mold of the other Kahunas, but his personal spin on these values sets him apart from the other three.

Nanu's personality makes his position as Kahuna a twist to a player that hasn't analyzed his role in the narrative, as detailed above according to how it aligns with the "cookie cutter" Kahuna mold. This use of personality and execution of character to orchestrate a twist reveal of identity makes the storytelling fanatic in me screech with excitement.

TL;DR: 10/10 character, would appreciate again.
Nanu is the best charecter to ever be in anything
I saw this thread and was full prepared to be angry if you said anyone other than Nanu.
Obligatory link to Nanu's [theme music.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dCIzHJhP8PY)
That awkward pause you and Gladion made when Nanu has to demo his Z move after giving you the Darkinium tho lol
It was a shame he wasn't in the elite four. But I guess it reflects his personality better
I like that he basically just keeps a police station full of Meowths. He has a serious noir thing going on, with the whole "gritty cop who doesn't care" attitude. He is also a relative of Acerola, who is a descendant of the Alolan royalty, which means he too is Alolan royalty. I am super curious about the history of all that, considering their royal line seems to have degraded into a poor cop, and an orphan living in a corporate half-way home.

The fact that the Pokemon most closely associated with them, the Meowths and Persians, are Dark type is also really interesting. I bet there is a great story behind the dark history of the Alolan royals and their fall from power.
I love how he seems to don't really give a shit about anything, I loved this character! It's also hilarious how he rejected the Elite 4 position just because he felt like it.
The reason Acerola took Nanu's place in the Elite 4 was hilarious. 

Nanu's stubbornness of listening to others, with the exception of the Island's Tapu, fleshed out his character more than the other Kahunas in the story in my opinion. Game freak has my attention for his back story now.

The developers seemed to have fun creating this character. Makes me wonder if he will have another roll in a future installment.
He made me think of that Imposter Professor Oak card from one of the really old TCG sets lol.
He's such a cool character! In my head I always give him the voice of Soldier: 76 from Overwatch. 
He was definitely the stand-out character for me, as well.

Especially that comment he made about Pokemon and Po Town as you're leaving from defeating Guzma. Something along the lines of "Trapped inside the walls of this town, like a pokemon stuck in its pokeball. I wonder if either is happy in its position."

Its been awhile, so I forget the actual quote, but it was awesome to see the game question something I had always wondered about throughout the series.
I love how he looks like he doesn't give a shit.
Basically an Elite 4, a dark-type gym still doesn't exist.
My headcanon is that he talks like Clint Eastwood in Gran Torino.
Nanu definitely stands out in a game filled to the brim with emotional, passionate, and expressive characters. While everybody else gets worked up easily or is kind and supportive, Nanu is pretty much doing things at his own pace. 

It's a shame that he has a relatively small role in the main story. 
Go to sushi roller and order the Ronin meal. It's almost like he's taking you on a date.
This guy is hilarious! Although I will say that maybe it's just growing up or maybe it's something else, but I legitimately feel like Nanu and that fairy chick are like blatantly druggies (not to mention random backpacker selling herbs, lmao). Like I know its obvious that fairy girl is a stoner (painting all the time, shoveling food into her face at home and then running off again) but Nanu kind of comes off as an opi addict to me, although that could just be his apathy (I love how he "throws" his poke balls, just kind of barely tosses them) but I really felt like this was something that was weirdly apparent in this game. Even with Guzma at the shady house, his room was like trash, money and bottles. Personally I kind of appreciated a lot of these details as they were subtle enough that little kids wouldn't get it, but older players would know what was up. just my two cents ^_^

My personal standouts/favorites are Gladion, Lillie, Nanu & Guzma. I loved Lillie like a best-friend/little sister, Nanu was just ridiculous and I actually liked his niece quite a lot too (that little kitty smile! adorable). The two that really stood out for me the most though were Gladion and Guzma, purely for personal reasons. I literally cannot explain how much these two reflected two people in my life. Guzma is the absolute SPITTING IMAGE of my most recent ex. It's even been hard for me to explain to people in my life why this is. They are seriously like the same person, disturbingly so. Gladion is exactly like my current SO. So going through all the battling and storyline with both of them was beyond surreal for me. I love Gladion, like I seriously am still fangirling hard over him, and I really hate Guzma but I'm also weirdly drawn to him. Some of this is probably just from being agoraphobic and having limited contact with the outside world, but there were a lot of things about this game that for me just hit me disturbingly and also gloriously close to home.
Of course it's Nanu, because he's the best.
Knew it was going to be Nanu.
It certainly explains why we haven't had a dark (evil) type gym leader before. They'd probably exhibit anti-social behavior that would put them at odds with the other gym leaders.  So they stick them in the elite 4 where they can do less harm.
I mostly love him, because he looks, and acrs, just like my dad, and I had a field day, snickering over how my dad was an anime character.
Nanu is also one of my favorite pokemon characters, along with Gladion. Nanu is hilarious when he shows how little he cares. My favorite part with him is when he teaches you the dark z-move, he just awkwardly stands there for a while in that awkward position. Then he quickly says "Well gotta go... bye".
Yup, Nanu is by far my favourite Kahuna ~~and I'm totally not biased at all because of his type specialty~~. Genuinely made me laugh when I saw him use the Dark Z-move behind a tree at the end of the game. Probably my second favourite NPC in the main series games overall.
I've been taking my sweet ass time playing this game, (started the night after release) and just got to the E4. 

Hala is my favorite now just because of his saying: "Hala will make you holler!"
The first time he showed up, I immediately thought "Here is a man who has seen some shit."
My favorite Nanu moment was after you leave Po Town and battle him and he demonstrates the very silly looking Z power movement. He does the motion and a big smile comes across his face, then he immediately collapses back into that relaxed "cool guy" stance he naturally has. It was very sarcastic and I loved it. 
He was also our dark type gym leader 
I really hope he stands out in the anime and has a lot of appearances.
I like that he's the first Dark-type Gym Leader. Hey, Kahunas are basically the same thing, right?
what I really like the most is the battle music for the kahunas in general, that build up towards a cheerful battle is so exciting, and I think that develops further the overall theme of the game, and yes Nanu is by far the greater kahuna of 'em all
He just looks so tired of shit.
Congratulations or whatever.
Did I miss there being a Psychic trial or am I just absent-minded??
You mean old man 76??
All of the detail that would've gone into your character's face went into this guy instead. 

Nanu is a deeply troubled and broken man. He's genuinely miserable and only sticks around where he is because he still cares about one thing... the Pokemon around him. 

He's the last cop in a crazy town where he gets no help from anyone. His office is like the home of some old nutty shut-in, nothing but Meowths and their food bowls and boxes and stuff... 

He's seen the world around him completely fall apart and instead of decent young trainers coming around to do the trials he has nothing but headaches from a local gang that's actually even sponsored by a wacky cult that pretends to be doing good. 

The Kahunas are chosen because they're good people that care, and he's the only one willing to hang around that hell-hole. Why dark type? It's probably only by using some dirty tricks that he's even able to survive against all the odds against him... 

Nanu seriously looks like he's nearly given up and probably hits the bottle hard just to stay sane enough to deal with daily life. 

I'd really hate to think what would happen to him if you hadn't come along and confronted Team Skull and needed to pass your Island Trials and stuff... you probably gave him the first moment of joy or hope he's had in a while... even if totally twisted by his condition... 
i really like hapu!
Nanu and Mina are my spirit animals.
Favorite type and new favorite trainer :)
GLADION
He was great I was so upset not seeing him in the Elite 4 was saving him for last then oh... Ok you're cool too.
I like his throw
I like him because he breaks all these theories about dark type gym leaders.
I especially love his 'participation' in the celebration after the game. It's just great.
Me and my friend call him Alolan Jack Morison 
My favorite characters in the Game have to be Acerola. I really enjoyed her quirkiness and dialogue with the other characters in the game after that I would have to say Hapu and the obligatory Lillie.
He has to live with his failure to protect Po Town. That's dark.
He's definitely one of my favorites too. He doesn't give a fuck about being kahuna, and he has no idea how to be formal, but he warms up to the player more towards the end. I love him
His cut at the end is great.
If you head to the Sushi place in Malie City and buy the Ronin set you can eat sushi with him too. It's super cute.
I played through both games already and the first time after catching the legendary and he is there and asks me if want to go to the elite four with him and I say yes,and he smiles. The second time I accidentally spammed clicked too fast and said no and he frowned and was upset. I really liked that about him.
I love Nanu!!! Made me appreciate the game and the detail of the characters' personalities so much when he showed you the Dark Z Move dance. 
Defiantly my favorite character. Dark may have never had a gym leader but they have the most interesting kahuna.
Also he's such a nerd and wants to keep up his appearance. I see you there in the corner doing your z-move dance, don't think I didn't notice.

I think he and incineroar should be best Bros. He uses dark types, incineroar is a dark type. And they both don't want to ruin their "tough guy" image. Did you know if you pet incineroar on the head he gets angry at you? Silly kitty just wants to be seen as tough.
He looks like Akihiko from P3 after a particularly long heroin bender
I love this guy and his "They wanted me to be an elite 4, but i said 'fuck it'" attitude.
As a lover of dark types, seeing there finally be a Dark type trainer not in the elite four was so exciting. The fact that it was Nanu along with his personality made it that much better
Love Nanu, but I prefer Olivia.
I honestly expected (and hoped) him to be the champ
I actually like Nanu's [soundtrack](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYBYs7IxWP0) the most. 
Yeah, I really liked him, he kept me guessing straight into the surprise Kahuna battle. The smile when you win was perfect too.

Along with Nanu, I really liked Guzma and Professor Kukui a lot. Lusamine was a great villain. I feel like this genre is at its best when it subverts the innocence a little bit with some darker themes.
It's especially great seeing him do his Z-pose looking totally uninterested
dark type specialists are always so existential, like just chill man. 
Or as I like to call him, "Sad Cop".
Nanu is fuckin legendary. Hands down best character in any Pokémon game I've played. His whole "rough exterior" is just completely shattered whenever he does the z-move, and it's one of the funniest things in this game. Not to forget, he's super tough. My man nearly solo swept me with Persian. For reference my team was Crabrawler, Decidueye, Toxapex, Charjabug, and Oricorio. Between Dark Pulse and Power Gem he minimum 2HKOd my whole team. Shit was scary. And you can tell through the story how much genuinely cares about Alola, even though he doesn't seem to be going all out to stop anything. Po Town is constantly under a watchful eye, and no one else would be capable of doing so.
Hides behind tree and smiles.

Walks out into the center. 
While he's not my favourite I do love his character. Especially at the end when he's striking his pose in the background. That was awesome.
The only thing I could think when I saw him was "Why is Soldier 76 in Pokemon...?"
i'm still convinced he's like that because guzman is his son.

He doing the Z-Move dance at the ending. That's it
at fist i was confused that he was the homeless immortal flabebe guy from x/y. Also I think they kind of fucked up his whole trial, like the whole "lets battle" is random and I felt like they run out of ideas. 
It''s a game, get over it.
Talk to the game director in Heahea city on Akala Island. He then stamps your trainer passport and gives you the shiny charm.
Congrats!
I completed my pokedex as well today
I dont think you can destruct other Zygarde 10% forms so my guess is no.
[Serebii has it](http://www.serebii.net/sunmoon/updatedstats.shtml)
I am wondering if these are all unobtainable because the Pokemon who use them cannot be obtained in game yet? 
In the Battle Royale, I faced a Mega Beedrill, so these items are in the game's code. I wonder if they'll be given out in events, or patched in in the future. 

Well, Blastoisinite is still available, so I'm good.
Good. Mega evolutions were the worst invention
I did it on a Dugtrio once and I couldn't breathe for 2 whole minutes.
Battle Revolution had amazing animations. My favorite was Arceus' Judgement.
I've done this with a machop on a Groupon 
Wow I have never seen this! I didn't know a move could look so good. 
Nostalgia trip! And hell yeah this was the best animation in the game! 
Damn I miss that game
All that damage.
Holy crap I remember I got into Pokemon through a copy of that game + Platinum that I rented from Family Video.  I loved the announcer and I had a like level 80 onix just for PBR because I had no idea it could evolve and I thought it looked **AWESOME** in PBR.  I really wish they would make another game like PBR for the Wii U :(
So this inspired One Punch Man I guess? 
What do you mean?

Meowth is your dad. 
Until they introduced kukui's wife, I really felt like they were implying that *kukui* was the dad
In the next game yiu should BE the father.
I totally agree with you. Golduck was one of the Pokes I was really hoping would get an Alolan form. It definitely was a missed opportunity.
I never realized golduck isn't psychic type. God I'm thick.
[deleted]
I've always wondered the same thing. I mean, it's name is *Psy*duck, for gods sake...c'mon. 
Psyduck's Japanese name comes from the words for child and duck, apparently, so the translators caused the misleading name, similar to the deal with Mr. Mime.

Golduck has the same name in both English and Japanese, though. \*shrugs*
Yeah, me and my friend were discussing this. I suggested they do this to make it look like an uninteresting Pokemon, but whoever actually takes care of it and plays with it, gets a special surprise (psychic powers). 
It probably would have ended up being Water/Dark though.
with all the emphasis on machamp and them being often present around alola, they shud've made a female-oriented design alolan form for the machop line or sumt
Route one , Youngster Tristan made it work
Festival Plaza Pokemon Kitchen lv 5. Food thete give pokemon 9 levels as lon as its under level 89 I think? Once you get 3 of them going levelling would be prett fast.
Poni Gauntlet has some high level Pokemon
Rematching the E4 for higher levels
Battle Buffet or the grass in front of the Battle Tree
Battle buffer tis pretty nice... 
Fairly sure it's the Japanese word for Skull.
They're saying Dokuro, Japanese for Skull.
Midnight
Cosmoem and Rockruff are version exclusive evolutions. Cosmoem evolves into Lunala in moon and rockruff always evolves into midnight form in pokemon moon. No way to obtain the other version's one through evolution. For a list of all the other version exclusives, check the [serebii version exclusives page](http://www.serebii.net/sunmoon/exclusives.shtml) (it also states the evolutions are version exclusive in the bit of text at the top).
I rarely even used it so I don't really miss it
I really miss it, it motivated me to catch everything and made it easier to keep track of what I have and don't have, and help me catch what I don't have.
I miss the search option, and how it told you how many IVs, the first move, ability, and level of the pokemon
Yes indeed
Solgaleo's signature move does as well and it's super effective.
Incineroar

Looks: Definite bro. Extra big hands for extra big high fives. Can throw down but is also a cool catto.

Game Difficulty: Difficulty? Psh Incineroar has a good movepool. If his moves aren't very effective he'll just choke slam you.

Competitive Viability: Pssssh. He's a bad guy! He's supposed to be like this.

Critical analysis: Incineroar is a definite bro, 10/10 would store items in his massive paws.

Written by a human and not Incineroar.
Primarina 
Looks? Looks like a freaking Siren which is cool. Kinda has a Milotic feel to it too. 

Game difficulty: Primarina makes this game much easier wiping out dragon types, ground types, rock types, fire types, and dark types. 

Competitive viability: Its pretty damn good for special attacking and decent special defense. 

9/10 Primarina is best starter in alola 


Primarina is actually good in a lot of weird senses. But you have to take everything into account.

But yeah it's probably Primarina.
Incineroar is best well rounded, gtfo with primarina
Event Munchlax!

* Looks kinda like the pokemon equivalent of the Cookie Monster. Has bigger appetite, but isn't as picky about what it eats.
* Snorlium-Z pancakes all difficulty, while Happy Hour makes you rich so you have no money difficulty either! Clothing ain't cheap when your Mom doesn't buy it for you, yo!
* Competitive Viability? Forget that nonsense of fighting on a competitive team. This big guy *builds* your competitive team! Hold Back & Yawn can help catch anything else on your team you want to start building a team with. Plus it can breed, meaning he can get some Wailord/Skitty action goin' on & then you can have your own Curselax offspring pancaking your way to VGC goodness

Oh. You mean like... the traditional starter? Yeah, Primarina's pretty sweet.
This is implied, yes. 
Yes. Same pokemon used and it's mentioned that she defended a tower (Battle Tower)
It is implied she is from the RSE universe (Sun and Moon take place in the ORAS universe), specifically Emerald's placement
It's 100% supposed to be THAT Annabel. If you want to dive into it deeper, it's not even her counterpart from the Mega-Verse. It's implied she fell through an Ultra Wormhole from the Emerald universe into the reality that Sun and Moon inhabit. So it's literally the same Annabel. Or it could be her Mega-verse counterpart. Who knows? Sun and Moon do take place long after OR/AS, so the Battle Frontier should already exist.
Yes, but from RSE's dimension, not ORAS
A Pokémon with max Affection gains various bonuses, these include being able to recover from status effects, tank an attack with 1HP left, and have an increased critical chance.
The poke amie version of Sun Moon. The Pokemon can have a chance to relieve itself of status conditions if you have at least 4 hearts filled in it. 
Maybe Cynthia's battle theme?
Gladion's clothes are the ones he escaped in, they're torn because he doesn't know how to fix them. She dressed him in Buzzwole's colors.

She dressed herself like Pheromosa.

And less of a possibility but still maybe, she recommended fashion to Guzma with Xurkitree in mind.
But I thought that the time we see it with her is the first time she does see Nihilego?
I have a few:

This was my first shiny, and it was a while ago. I was playing SS or HG, and directly after catching the red Gyarados, the last square of water before hopping off, it appears! a shiny Magikarp! But sadly, i had used the last of my balls on the red Gyarados. I just let it slide, because I thought all the Magikarp in the lake of rage were shiny. It still kills me to this day, as I've become a shiny hunter, and knowing that my first was a fail saddens me.

I was soft reseting in B2/W2 for a male Oshawott because I needed one to breed. The first Oshawott was a female, sadly, so I reset again. I get into battle to check if it's male, and low and behold, it's a shiny! It was still female, but I was ecstatic nonetheless.

Lastly, and most recently, the Sunday after the official US Sun/Moon release, I was looking for Dittos to trade on GTS to help fill my dex, and the first Ditto I encounter was a shiny! I named it the usual, Ctrl + C, and nearly cried. I thought it fitting that my first Alolan shiny would be my favorite pokemon. (well, tied with Cloyster)
I have actually found 3 shinys in sun already. Which is a lot more then usual. The first was a shiny popplio I hatched. I wasn't breeding for a shiny either and got it on my 6th egg. The next was a shiny mareanie that I actually was breeding for, and the last was a shiny crabrawler that was just chilling in a pile of berries. Popped out with red little crab gloves and I almost cried.
My friend encountered a wild shiny Starly during the DP battle tutorial but had to kill it as part of the procedure
My first shiny was in Diamond where I caught a shiny Magikarp in the water near the place where you fight Volkner. 

My second shiny was in Black where I encountered a shiny Metang, but I couldn't catch it. 

In Sun, I have two shinies: Lycanroc (Midnight) and Raticate. I got a shiny Lycanroc off Wondertrade and I found and caught a shiny Raticate.
In X,I was doing a bit of pre-elite four grinding while I was getting ready for school and my mum was brushing my hair and the first pokemon I encountered was a shiny druddigon. I nearly got my hair ripped out as when I get shiny pokemon I literally jump. Then another time I was walking in the route between the town with the fossil place and zubat cave and I was just about to go to bed after I made it through the place and I just suddenly ran into a shiny inkay and I got so excited I couldn't sleep for a while.

In Sun I was sos chaining for a shiny Salandit and I was doing it for about 3 or so hours I think and I went to the toilet after I inputted the move and when I came back, there was a shiny male one.

They are probably the funniest ones.
Here are the only two I can remember. I've played a lot of Pokemon, so I have more than my fair share of shinies.

1. Got a shiny Snorlax off GTS, I think. I actually can't remember where I got it off, all I know was that this was DPT and I had access to GTS.

2. Happened this year, and this is my favorite. Was playing BBVW2 (a Gen 5 rom hack), and I was *really* taking my time this playthrough. It took near the end of the game to find a shiny, and it was finally when I encountered Suicune that I saw it was shiny. I know, it's a rom hack and there was the shiny charm but it's my most memorable one despite all of the legit ones i've encountered.

Oh, and of course I've encountered a self-destructing shiny graveler before.
I got a level 100 shiny Woobat in Pokémon Y from a trainer called SakatisTV or something like that. My first and only shiny in 20 years of Pokémon (minus that red gyarados everyone gets) 
Here's my most memorable experience. I was playing White 2 in Castelia Sewers. I was with my rival, so all the wild battles were double battles. I encountered a normal and a shiny rattata. Since the games don't let you catch a Pokémon if there are two on screen, I decided to defeat the normal Rattata.....But then my RIVAL KILLED THE SHINY RATTATA. I've should've targeted his Pokémon instead. After that I gave him no mercy during the Rival Battles.
I've been loving Wishiwashi.  Little gal hits like a tank when she's surrounded by her friends.  And the design is stunning.
Stufful. It broke my heart when I accidentally KO'd it when I wanted to catch it and when that one asshole trainer left it behind.
Lurantis and Sun Lycanroc for me. The designs are what draw me to the Pokemon, and I don't usually bother with stats.
Didn't expect it at all, but Mimikyu has really charmed me 😍
*Dhelmise*. Cool typing and design, and its ability gives it what is effectively STAB to Steel moves without having the Steel type. Instant favorite.
Mudbray!! I didn't realize I would get attached to Mudbray so fast, but my girl is amazing. Her Stamina ability is pretty great and moveset fairly strong. Mudbray is adorable to me and my Mudbray knocked out Totem Salazzle in one hit and it was awesome. At first I was uncertain about Mudsdale but slowly Mudsdale is growing on me...so I will probably evolve Mudbray when the time comes. Grubbin/Charjabug/Vikavolt is a close second!
Ribombee
A very difficult tie between Tsareena and Decidueye.  Honestly, I just really love this generation's grass types in general, but those two top the list.
The five biggest contenders are the Popplio line, the Vikavolt line, Mudsdale, Mimikyu and the Cosmog line.
The most depressing Pokémon of them all^tm
I love Fomantis and Lurantis.  They're very cute in their own ways.  I also love Ribombee.  It definitely seems like a little hero.
It hasn't updated for a while 
You have to game sync to update that number. Which requires you to use online features AND actually activate Game Sync.  
Nobody wants to waste money on Pokeballs yo
Last night it stayed at 19 for a solid hour or so, just wait until it updates.
It's not updating
How do you get to this?
We're lazy sonofabitches.
Does breeding count?
it was at 17k this morning at 9 am EST. 
I think Alola was needed after Kalos, like I love how Alola felt like it's own place after Kalos' nostalgia fest that barely made it feel like it's own region.
Cool. Planning on doing all of them myself as well, but have only gotten Lele so far. Was obnoxious enough that I don't know when I'll actually be willing to bother with the others.
You lucky bugger :P
Caught Necrozma in a beast ball, at 1hp without a status. Super happy with that
A lot of people still need to 'sign up', people like me who are at work. Also, it only updates when a player connects with global link. 

Way too early to tell.
Hey don't count your Torchics before they hatch, the number's gonna keep rising :P
Hold your horses. Jesus. It hasn't even been a day.
Except most people don't have it yet. I'm at work and can't connect to actually unlock the mission. plus you need to go on the global link to sync your progress.

You can estimate that maybe in a few days, when most people will already have gotten it and synced.
Just a little tip for community sake, make an information post about this instead of a complaint.

"New global mission that call for EVERYONE to catch Pokemon. Need more
---

"Global mission requires everyone to catch 1 million Pokemon by [whatever time] which is going to be really hard but probably doable with everyone."

Then go on to explain the numbers and everything. Also consider that most people are at school/work during the day so it's going to be low until this afternoon. So make a scale that increases the number requirement as the day goes by maybe start with 1% then increase accordingly every hour? 
ELI5: Global missions

Where do I sign up for these?
You highly underestimate the power of what fandoms can do together. And even if we don't achieve this goal for 2000 Festival Coins, everyone wilp get a free 100 FC for participating. It's win-win any way you look at it.
Love the positivity you're showing.
Lose that attitude dude, we got this.
I and probably many still have to sign up, people do have work and class
> ...Wow. You're just a ray of sunshine, eh?
I'm having dejavu to the last time this was "physically improbable" and there was a long argument post. 
So we have to summon a spirit bomb in the image of a pokeball. We got this.
It's in that number for me too. I think it just got stuck. It's impossible to not go further than that in this time, I mean, Pokémon it's not like No Man's Sky, there's people playing it
Is there a way to know if my catches are counting?  I did Game Sync earlier, but it was by accident and my ID wasn't registered yet.  Now when I try it says it was canceled because more time must pass..  Is this a daily thing?
We did it Reddit!
>how much work has been put into every detail 


>every detail 

Not the main characters facial expressions 
Only if she had a toucannon too. I wonder what would happen if it got even angrier.
And yet PC smiles like a fool in 99% of the cutscenes
a lot of pokemon get angry eyes when they power up with Z-moves, and all of hers get a little stat boost.
The Clefable was one of the few times I realised they're giving the AI actual strategies.

Her Clefable will always start off using Cosmic Power and then Moonlight to slowly make itself tankier. Also, it has Magic Guard. 
more disappointed by the fact Wailord wasn't scaled correctly in battles.... it's made to look so tiny than it actually is.. sigh...
Last night I discovered that there's a different footstep sound when you walk on glass. Just that blew me away.
I did notice that during the fight yea.

I think there's other things that can affect pokemon expressions, I remember in one fight my raichu had this relaxed/smug expression on his face while using its Z-move, seemed to fit the whole surfer thing but I couldn't figure out what triggered it.
Thats just the face they make when they get the Z-aura. It's neat that a trainer uses these aura boosts though.
Jeez, they've been taking lessons from American Kirby. 

Most savage Milotic of all time. 
MFW random Pokemon get more facial expressions than the player character:

:  )
When we are on details: You can see Mimikyu going back into the market after the challenge.
Speaking of Lusamine's pokemon am i the only one that loves how Bewear is fitingly enough her signiture pokemon?
It kills you with the entention of loving you... kinda like the crazy lady herself.
Smug clefable made that fight bearable
that's just cut totem power
Clefable looks more drunk than angry but holy shit you know you're screwed when Lilligant is angry at you.
I his game is so shined up you can use it as a mirror at this rate!
Dont forget to pack your angry eyes 
I think all totem Pokemon look angry.
yfw a clefable shows more emotion than u
(Almost) all Pokémon make the same angry facial expressions as Lusamine's Pokémon when using their Z-Moves. It could be interpreted that Lusamine is in permanent "Z-Mode" during the fight because of Nihilego's influence. 

Also I highly recommend using a Z-Move with Shiinotic because instead of looking angry it just looks stoned and it's hilarious.
THAT CLEFABLE PISSED ME OFF
Wow I need to start paying more attention to certain things. Maybe I should start over haha.
i tought she would come up with a team of ultra beasts but instead pissed version of the last team. its cute but i felt in underwhelming. specially because ultra beasts dont apear in the story other than the jellyfish
That damn Clefable I swear to God. I badly poisoned the fucker with my Salazzle and she didn't take any poison damage for probably 3-4 turns! I mean sure it fainted once the poison decided to do damage, but the fear that her Clefable somehow became immune to poison fucking scared me. 
I thought that was because of the totem power up...
The Clefable in the second battle has this smug grin on her face.  It makes me happy to punch it because smug grin = motivation for me to defeat it.
All the z moves cause pokemon to get serious
Can we all talk about how insanely hard that fight was for a second? That Clefable... Just screw that Clefable.
I thought that Clefable looked exceptionally evil!
That's pretty neat. You know, I'd *thought* that Clefable's expression was a little off.
This is actually the same face change done for Z Moves.
Yeah, I notice Clefable's face looked a bit off in that fight, never got around to checking though
Yeah I noticed that too! Was it because of Nihilego's influence?
Both times I fought that clefable it metronomed geomancy
I noticed the Clefable, but not the others. This is amazing!
I noticed
When i first fought her i thought i was going crazy and  thinking there were changes where their weren't but I now feel vindicated to be backed up.
I love how Bewear just don't care.
I love it. If only our characters had that much detail in the facial expressions.
Watching YouTube videos about the game, I do dind it funn that even if the other characters are in distress, you just have this constant smiling face everytime, like you are facing a do or die match and yet your face doesn't change. 
http://imgur.com/hylOKdJ.png
I've noticed this with my Raichu when I use his Z-move.. could be just the animtion
It looked more like they were high on the beast boost
I literally see no difference. I swear that clefable is just in its blinking animation? 
Also, how come there's no spoiler warning?
Then you have that goddamn Bewear looking like the same derpy looking oaf it always is
Clefable looks smug as hell that second time
Yeah I remember seeing that Clefable. I was like "there's something odd about this asshole..."
This game never cease to amaze me
When I saw her B$%~h faced Clafable I knew I wanted one for my team.
Zubat's wings flap at a slower rate as its HP is depleted, I thought that was neat
Wait why are there pokemon in light cages? Isnt ather the ones who help pokemon?
But why did you leave Munchlax in. You could/should have switched out before it Mean Looked.
I see this is gonna be a real... struggle XD
Yeah the same happened to me, except I forgot it was a wild battle so I sat there for around 10 minutes stalling it's moves until I realized I was able to catch it.
If you talk to one of the employees they'll tell you they're working on bringing them out of their cryogenic sleep.
Well, they are most likely dead, so why would she even bother ?
Its swarmed by Dhelmise breed rejects of mine. Looks kinda hilarious with anchors just running around.
Beldum has a capture rate of 3, which is the lowest possible. Nothing can be harder to catch, only just as hard. 
[Someone already did that last week, lol.](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5em5q3/i_did_it_caught_three_legendaries_in_beast_balls/)

[And someone else made a post about catching the third legendary in it too.](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5f8805/i_just_caught_necrozma_with_a_beast_ball_proof_in/?ref=search_posts)

We've pretty much caught everything in a Beast Ball already haha
Yes, it's always stab, since the move's type changes with the memory along with Silvally's type.
I'll echo your frustration; I could not get a castform to spawn no matter what I did. I ended up just getting one off the GTS for the dex entry, I have no idea how you're meant to get it to spawn instead of goomy (or vanillish in the hail)
You can catch a Castform in any weather in lush jungle... just not rain. The combo of Rain weather and Lush Jungle will always result in a Goomie not a Castform. 

Edit: Certain areas with certain weather combos will call out specific pokemon. Like in Tapu Village, where Vanillite will only appear in an SOS if it is hailing, but if the weather is not hail you will never get a Vanillite but have a chance at Castform. 
Aerodactyl is given to you as a gift pokémon in the game tho
Tbh, I would like that rockruff. Sounds like someone bred some moves into it. Aerodactyl is pretty nice early though :)
It's not named Trevor, is it? 
Lol, everyone gets Aerodactyl for free in the game
>I had kind of assumed I'd never use the Normalium Z Crystal ever past the first island

Z-Splash Mimikyu wants to have a word with you.
It does the same with Metronome too 
Nope, I chose Popplio because I thought Primarina looked the best.

I still think that.

But I traded a female Salandit for Rowlet and a friend gave me his Litten because he restarted.
I only picked Litten because he looks like my cat that died a few years back.

I just keep him in storage to he'll never die again.
My Starter choice didn't have any regret since I just traded to get all the starters then bred for all the right natures 
No way! I love my Decidueye more than I think I've ever loved any other Pokemon. He's never let me down. I don't think he's fainted once in my playthrough. I just beat Olivia's Challenge.
Litten was my favourite from the start, but imo El Gato Terrible is the weakest 2nd evo design of the starters.

I everstoned my Torracat.

**NO REGERTS** 

^^except ^^maybe ^^that ^^I ^^can't ^^use ^^the ^^Incineroar ^^specific ^^Z-Power
Funny enough I almost picked Incineroar as my starter but last minute went with getting a Primarina and I had not looked back since! I do agree though Decidueye is pretty eh for me too when it comes to starters but overall it was a hard chose they all looked like amazing Pokemon. Although you said you are at the electric trial? Do you not have anything to combat it? 
GTS and wonder trade have really made selecting a starter a non-issue for me. I mean I'll choose the one I like the most, but I know that if I feel like it's the wrong choice then that's okay, I'll be able to trade for one quite easily. 
With all the grass types being thrown at me and all the water types I'm lacking, kinda wish I went with popplio. But if I restart, that's grinding for a pichu all over again...
I picked popplio and couldn't be happier! I also got a rowlet and litten through trading so I have them all.   
  LMK if you want any of the starters. I have extras of all 3!
I've got all three now, but I don't regret starting with Popplio one bit.
I got all three and Popplio is easily the best. Rowlet was my actual choice, and he's been fine, but nothing special. I wish he got some status moves. 
I think I'm less upset about my choice and more upset about decidueye's stats to be honest lol . I don't know what they thought he'd be usable for with a stat spread like that. He kind of reminds me of samurott good design just his stats don't make sense.
I chose Decidueye and haven't regretted it at all. His defenses aren't exactly amazing, but he's decently fast and Spirit Arrow Raid has OHKO'd almost everything I've used it on. It may have helped that I didn't evolve him until after beating the Ghost Trial though. Not exactly my best Pokemon, but still pretty good.
When I ended up seeing Incineroar's z-move early I was smitten for Litten.
I'm trying to breed for a shiny eevee, the purple vaporeon looks dope as fuck
Is there any info on what the odds are through SOS chaining and how the shiny charm effects those? Just curious. I got a Poliwag yesterday and am trying for a Rockruff today. Definitely agree on it being much better though, now I LIKE to chain shinies. Just thinking about the pokeradar in platinum is raising my blood pressure...
Sos? 
when chaining a ditto you have to be focused in hard on what your doing. No watching TV or listening to music

**FOCUS IN HARD ON DITTO**
Shiny hunting requires more concentration than you'd think.  I've accidentally run from battles and knocked out pokemon after LONG chains.  You just gotta pay close attention.  Good luck next time on that shiny Ditto!
I MADE MY MISTAKES
I was chaining eevee yesterday for hours and I never  found a shiny... I am just gonna have to live with the fact that I will probably never get a shiny ever
I ran into my first ever shiny randomly when battling a spearow it called for help and a shiny one pops up I kill the original one and then go to weaken the shiny and I crit it and kill it. I was somewhat salty but it's a bad shiny on a bad Pokémon anyways. 
Eh, I feel like the character in this game has the most "diallogue-like" options ever, so it's a step in the right direction. Even though most of the convo choices are just superficial and lead to the same reply no matter what the PC says. The reply that you can say to the challenge of the Poni Kahuna was **so good**.
"LILLIE TAKE ME WITH YOU!"
The thing that really just completly took me out of the story and honestly almost ruined it for me was that your character just sticks there with the same dead stare and smile on his face, all the time. In the beginning it was alright but towards the end it just seemed like an absolute joke, when the story was getting proper serious he was there with the same blank smile to ruin the tension.
I haven't gone far into post-game yet (just caught Nihilego) but where does it explicitly state that Mohn is part of the family (and Lusamine's wife)? All I remember is books stating Mohn's research on the Ultra Beasts, but no mention about how he left, why he left, etc. let alone that he's Lillie and Gladion's dad
Y'know I just realized I've been sending all the Ultra beasts to Mohn forgetting that he is a "Faller" I don't imagine he'll be fine for too long, oops, sorry Lillie...
How do you know the Mohn on Pelago is the same Mohn that’s her dad and not her uncle?
my username makes this subplot so damn strange
It seems to be common knowledge that Mohn runs the Pelago. So I really doubt that's who Lusamine was looking for.
Sequel material?
I'm a skyrim fan...now I know that I shouldn't compare that game to this game (because of the consumer differences) but idk much about how the Japanese or Nintendo develop games. Is this just the devs philosophy about how the game should work (dumb it down because of younger audiance) or just too much for the engine to handle? 
"...I like Squirtles..."
Nah, when games start feeding my player character lines it kind of takes me out of it tbh.
http://i.imgur.com/jZuyRRZ.png

edit: why downvotes? i only made an undertale reference
I feel you bro, have most of the tracks on my phone - they just are so nostalgic and you can hear elements from every generation. Good freaking job Gamefreak! 

Favourite tracks are the Kahuna's battle them, Poni Wilds, Red's battle theme and Champion battle!

Wish music in future games could be as emotional and memorable as these~
Vs. aether foundation employee/ team skull/ guzma's theme/ elite four are some of my favourites.
I love this generations music as well. Listening to it evokes so many emotions and memories from experiencing that first battle, or that first beautiful view. It's like going back in time and experiencing it for the first time all over again. My favorites are:

Skull grunt theme
Kahuna theme
Deity theme
Elite 4 theme 
Mt. Hokulani theme
Champion theme
Legendary theme
Seafolk village 

Check out /r/stunfisk.  That seems to be the competitive subreddit.  They've got a lot of answers on FAQs and such.  If you have beaten the game and hatched 20 eggs, you'll be able to talk to an NPC at the Battle Tree who will upgrade your PC to read the IV levels of pokemon.  My suggestion is to then do a lot of wonder trading.  You'll find people trade "breedjects" (pokemon that didn't come out as planned) that are much better than your wild pokemon.  This is a good start to building a team.  You can at the very least start trying to breed your own  pokemon with these cast offs.  Good luck!
1. Looking for the perfect team should probably be after you beat the game, as it involves breeding for max IVs in stats that matter (stats that matter in that you don't need SpAtk on a physical sweeper and etc.). If you only want a semi-perfect team, get a chain of S.O.S. battles going against what you want on your team, and after a chain of ~40, pokemon are guaranteed to have 4 IV's maxed out (not sure exact chain length needed) and you could do that in your normal playthrough if you are willing to spend the time.

2. [Serebii has the perfect article concerning SuMo EV training](http://www.serebii.net/sunmoon/evchanges.shtml), natures are easy to just breed off a ditto using an everstone, and abilities can be bred too. Hidden abilities are first obtained by chaining S.O.S encounters.

3. STAB = Same Type Attack Bonus. Basically, if a pokemon uses a move that is the same type as the user, the move gets a 50% attack bonus. ie. a Squirtle using water gun has water gun act as if it has a base power of 60, rather than the normal 40 if used by a non-water type.

4. Honestly, there are just too many teams that can include such pokemon, although they aren't typically run together on smogon tiers (I don't know about vgc since I don't play it). You can probably find a few teams with the 2 in smogon's tier discussions. If you want them mega, they would be in smogon's Ubers tier discussion, otherwise they would be in their normal tiers.

5. Since you are new to competitive, I recommend starting off just 'borrowing' a team of someone else, either by taking one off of smogon's team rating forums or elsewhere. If you do choose to make your own, I suggest using smogon's viability ranking thread, even though it hasn't been updated to SuMo yet. Also, I recommend using Pokemon Showdown just for getting started so that you don't have to breed each and every pokemon you want to use, and can rather find a team you like using on PS and then come back and breed it ingame and use it then in vgc.

Also, keep in mind that most of my knowledge comes from Smogon tiers, so anything I say probably has little pertaining to VGC, the 'official' pokemon tier.
Festival plaza has street pass.
Bruxish is pretty ugly, but I don't outright dislike it.
Lurantis. It's a clone of Leavanny and also a bad version of Tsareena. Both are found in the same location and have the same typing, but Tsareena is better in every way.
Vikavolt. Why is it so fucking slow? It would be my top 5 pokemon if it weren't so damn slow
Alolan Meowth and Persian are just meh
Crabrawler and its ugly ass evolution 
Alolan Persian. Meowth starts off so promising and then this...
I really have to think about this...

I really only hate Pokemon if they themselves are just disapointing. If it's design is iffy to me I'll dislike it, but if it's stats/typing are good or new, then I don't really mind.

Drampa and Bewear are two pokemon whose designs I don't like (like at all) but I don't hate them entirely since they at least have unique typings and new abilites (Berserk and Fluffy respectively). I'd never use either, though, since other pokemon in the gen I loved.

But if I really had to pick, I guess Shiinotic or Morelull. Shiinotic is creepy and Morelull makes me think of the twitch meme.
Charjabug and Inceneroar.  
Crabominable is just ugly to me and it doesn't haves much to it either that's interesting. It's a little silly how Crabrawler evolves into it by going to a submit but that's all I like about it.
I feel like the new Alolan Dugtrio not having Arena Trap as its ability makes it pretty worthless. Its just too frail to make use of its new ability. Not to mention the Fabio-esqe hair is borderline ridiculous 
Bewear for me as well. Bruxish and Passimian too. 
Type: Null. Like. Ugh. 
Wingull...
You must not spend much time doing the battle facilities. They ALL cheat. You can hack in a pokemon with impossible moves and abilities, and the computer will Still find a way to win. I think there's a YouTube video of emerald showing sheer cold never missing.
AI is a cheating bastard
it's a trope on tvtropes, i recommend you look it up on that site
Probably just you. Maybe you just aren't good at pokemon battles.
Giving AI an unfair advantage such as increased accuracy is a common way for game designer's to artificially increase difficulty
Crit chance and move accuracy should be the same as normal. However, it probably seems like they counter your team as you do have to go through quite a few battles, so their teams will vary quite a bit and at least a few will counter team quite well due to this. Just get some OP mons like Mega Salamence and a few legendaries with good IVs and EV trained and it shouldn't be too hard to get a decent streak going.
Fecking, Espeon.
I wouldn't be surprised. I can never get past the fifth battle because they always have a Pokemon that somehow perfectly counters my entire team.
I was having so many problems with the battle tree, then I decided to make a Garchomp and a Metagross. Since then i've gotten a good amount of BP to buy whatever I want. They've definitely helped out a lot. 
while it does build counters against you, the whole AI being super lucky thing is basically down to us remembering it that way, as you'll only really remember when it does get lucky.

for example, i set up a super tanky stockpile toxic guzzlord to start off and the AI immediate brought in a poison pokemon with taunt to shut me down.

but now i'm using a combo of xurkitree and tapu koko and i got all the way up to battle 20 with blue, but he got lucky with crits. but it isn't because he has a higher crit chance, he just got lucky and i couldn't handle it.
If they always seem to have perfect counters to your team, it's probably just that your team is easy to perfectly counter.

They have exactly the same accuracy and crit rate as you would using the same moves. I've actually found that I have been extremely lucky with hitting Focus Blasts.

There may be some prediction going on, but that's just good AI, not cheating.
Probably, since the Battle Maison was known for cheating. If your streak was high enough, the Pokémon could occasionally have **two** held items.
That's interesting... good catch!
Tapu Koko's Z-move gives it a [giant energy body](http://i.imgur.com/rL9C80O.png), so I could see them making Necrozma's Z-move give it a dragon body
Why do I feel the dragon head is similar to one of the pokemon we have....
Probably.  I'd move whatever you have in Gen 5 over to the bank before hand, just in case.
Yeah, that's what its for, right?
Yeah. You use the other app, I think it's called PokeTransporter. It was in the infographic that they released when they announced that you would be able to transfer from the Red and Blue virtual console titles to Gen 7. 
Yes.
Spewpa 
I forgot which pokemon I thought were the most forgettable.  
Half of Unova's Pokedex
This won't work: people will try and think of the most forgettable pokemon, making some pokemon like Pikachu the last in line. 
Maractus
No one remembers Klang enough to even care.
Finnion, its literally just a fish
Chingling
I tend to forget that Binacle exists
Grumpig 
Bidoof is not forgotten :(
Rest in spaghetti never forgetti 
Cherubi.
I'd say the Ambipom/Aipom line is pretty forgetable.
Heatmor
**SUNKERN FTW**
Minun hasn't been said yet?  Well let's keep him from being the most forgettable then!
Squirtle, not because it is forgettable, but because all 802 must be named.
Shelmet
Manaphy and Phione.
Steenee
carnivine

it's not easy being green
Luminion was so forgettable for my in gen 4. Also, I literally believed Stunfisk was a gen 2 pokemon for like 4 years because I assumed it was related to Dunsparce. Both were so forgettable that I just never cared to check or remembered.
Lumineon, probably.
Huntail or gorebyss
Heracross!
Basculin.
Grotle - the fact that it's a starter's middle evolution and the name is similar to other pokemon names.
Hippopotas

Edit: I win
No one here has praised our god, Lord Helix yet?
Smoochum
Quagsire
Bastiodon
Girafarig
I think everyone here forgot about kecleon 
All these people remembering forgettable pokemon...
Groudon

**REMEMBER**: You enter in the Pokémon you *haven't* forgotten. The last one that's not picked is the most forgettable.
Swadloon.

(ᓂ︿ ᓀ ) 
Tangela

I legit never remember it's a thing until I see it again
Pikachu
Donphan
Chinchou?
Budew..
Shroomish
Why is Mothim not on this list?
Petilil is my favourite Pokemon so it should not be forgotten.
Whimsicott!
Steelix
Mudkip
Qwilfish?
zigzagoon
Larvitar
bulbasaur
Ampharos
Gonna throw claydol out there
I legitimately didn't even know Shuckle existed until I found it with Dream Radar.
Ledian
the greatest - dragonite
Can't forget everyone's favourite Mothim
Lest us forget Psyduck, the true pokemon god.
Jellicent

trying to represent gen 5 here!
The Unova Dex.
Metapod
Sewaddle
Venomoth

Honestly your title is pretty misleading though since in stating that you are thinking of forgettable pokemon it instantly makes one think of forgettable pokemon. Heck, i was about to list one myself but then chose not to after reading more carefully
Granbull
No love for my boy Typhlosion :(
Stantler.
Excadrill
Lotad
Arcanine!

Stunfish
Trubbish
Batman
Drowzee
geodude
Delphox
Shinx!
Clamperl 
Lycanroc
Garbodor
Darmanitan...
Jirachi
[deleted]
Finneon. Just finneon.
Snorlax
My boi Duskull and his line! 

Duskull, Dusclops, and Dusknoir!
Togekiss
Furfrou.
Drilbur
Ludicolo
Espurr
Zebrastrikia or whatever it's called 
Buizel
Maractus
Castform.
Yamask.
Quilava
This is gonna take a while...

Lugia!
Goodra
Lanturn
Chansey
Bonsly.

First one one the list I forgot about was Steenee, but that might not be fair because its gen 7 and new.

But out of all the older guys I totally forgot Spewpa was a thing. I do not remember what its second form is or looks like, and I only sorta remember its last form had a sleep powder/bug buzz/hurricane/quiver dance set, but don't remember its name or what it looks like.
Reuniclus
Delibird
Audino
Infernape
Ledyba
Illumise, Volbeat.
Still hundreds to go before we find out what Pokemon is most forgettable.
Kricketot
Cinccino. It's got nothing going for it. Plain normal type, not super-cute, not super-powerful, no special moves.
Swanna
Aerodactyl
Onix
Hoothoot
Feraligatr
Sunflora, even less recognition than Sunkern. You can't level it up to evolve it so a lot of people probably never see it
Charizard is not on the list, and ctrl +f can't find it, so I'm iterating or reiterating charizard.
I knew I've seen Maractus, but I didn't even know its name until now.
Skorupi
Doublade
One does not simply forget [bidoof](http://img.gawkerassets.com/img/18z4b7yolzt7xjpg/ku-medium.jpg)
Charizard
Combusken
klink
Serperior
Nobody ever remembers Gligar
Butterfree
Chimchar
Slowking
Swampert
I don't think Remoraid or Octillery have been mentioned yet. I use to like Octillery, but I don't think it has ever been that prevalent of a Pokemon and it is probably one of the more obscure Gen 2 ones.
I literally never knew Cherubi and Cherrim even existed till I got one during some random battles on Showdown.
Tauros
Simisear. I had to.
I guess it doesn't really count as forgettable but when i encountered a Tropius for the first time in Pokémon Black and White i was MINDBLOWN and fell in love. So basically i didn't know it existed until freaking the 5th Gen. 
Cubchoo.

I never knew this thing even existed until about two weeks ago
Gengar
The trash one.. Trubbish?
Monferno
Happiny
Ferrothorn
No one talks about it from what I know. 
Which stinks since it's one of my favorite Pokemon competitively.
Bulky and I can set up with it quite easily.
oddish
Celebi
Chandalure
Emolga. And probably just about every generation's electric mouse.
Lickitung for sure
Oshawott! Best Pokemon! 
Lucario
Lati@s
How has this sub not mentioned Ditto yet?
Amaura
Training in Mt Silver near **Moltres** right now
Burmy
Charizard
Comfey
Skitty!
Skitty

I'm going with Lanturn. Never see it in competitive TCG or Smogon and official formats. Irrelevance hurts pokemon when somebody plays the game for a long time and never sees it. 
Croconaw
Igglybuff
Torchic 
All the starters and their evolutions should be done by now ;-;
Lapras!
Absol! My favorite!
murkrow
Giraffarig.
Simisage
Lumineon, even more forgettable than Finneon.
I'm hurt no one has mentioned Raichu yet
Metagross
Kyogre
Someone got based god Chandelure, so here's Litwik!
My boy Shieldon :)
Munna
Mimikyu, one of my favorite new Pokemon. Are we able to comment more than one?
Barbaracle
Spheal
Lillipup, such a cute freaking dog.
Noivern! I don't forget it, I just want it on the Master list.
Oh! I know one! Cryogonal! Everyone forgets that special snowflake.
Deerling is one of my favourites, can't let him get forgotten.
Arceus
Tentacool
Rampardos
Sigilyph. It'd the weirdest pokemon ever, like, it's so weird I don't think I've seen it outside of gen 5
Swadloon
Corsola
Togetic.
So if someone just mentions a pokemon by name in discussion it doesn't count? For example people threw out Magikarp, Unown, and Mawile but they're not on the list. Was this on purpose or were they missed?
Durant
Xerneas
Trubish
Necrozma - Awesome name, plus just traded for it on GTS
Totodile
sentret
Goldeen!
Silvally
Raikou/Entei
Hitmonchan
Druddigon.
blastoise
cradily. had no mcfriggin clue what it was when i got one in a wt
Pyukumuku.
Ducklett for sure. I had to look up it's name. I didn't even know what type it was.
Pikipek

...said the person returning to Moon after having not played since Gold! Cute birds that become death-toucans with progress bar beaks are amazing.
Minccino
Tyrogue
Mr. Mime
Scizor, kakuna, ekans, seviper
Rotom.
Floatzel
Weavile
Haunter
Espeon
Sandslash
Suicune
Plusle and minun 
Natu and Xatu!!
Flygon
Skrelp
I'll be the one who adds Wailmer to discussion
Literally if someone told me to name a Pokemon, I'd go down the rap first:

Electrode
Stunfisk?
Fucking Elgyem. I replayed pokemon black and white recently and I could remember all the pokemons and their types, then I run into one of them and completely blanked out.
Scrafty
Stunky
Zoroark
Rattata and Raticate
Rayquaza
PORYGON-Z
I see Kyogre but where's Groudon?
Swalot. Who remembers this waste of existence. What even is it. 
Golisopod
Scizor
Lets go with a newer pokemon and add Oranguru to the list
Type:Null
Shaymin.
Politoed. I battled one a few weeks ago in Black 2 and I had totally forgotten about it.
Beheeyem
sigilyph
Pretty much anything from Gen 5 aside from box legendaries.
Manectric
Salamence 
Zangoose
This post has been up for 3 hours and nobody has said Cubone.

Feel bad guys, feel bad.
Vulpix
Quilfish
Jumpluff
Skarmory
Vikavolt
Cleffa is very forgettable 
Masquerain

I literally only remember it as the pokemon I always forget
No love for Aggron? :c
Flygon
articuno
tfw your favorite pokemon is first
Floatzel
Ursaring. Can't forget pooh bear gone berserk!
Ivysaur
Electrike
charjabug
Kakuna
Cranidos
Aron
Zapdos.
Well, Aegislash sure as hell isn't forgettable. It's so fun and unique to use!
Does anyone even know what a mothim is?
Shuckle forgettable, really? Nah man, don't fuckle with the shuckle. 
Late to the party, but Wailmer and Wailord
Comfey
Pinsir
Seel or Maractus
Chatot
Shimama
Oi, who said Dunsparce?

Dunsparce best pokemon.
klefki - what moron thought that was a good idea?
Dialga
Gardevoir 
Klefki
wormadam
Dugtrio
Magby
sneasel

Vaporeon!
Breloom
Stunky
My baby Misdreavus <3
Spinda
Lurantis!
Pyukumuku
Was about to search for Torkoal, but it's literally the Pokemon of the week on reddit XD
Archeops
Mothim. FTFY
Breloom, Skarmory, Barboach
Vileplume
gogoat
Elgyem.
Dialga
Luxray
Hitmonchan
Empoleon.
Wouldn't Uxie be litterally the most forgettable Pokemon?
Chimecho

I just didn't remember it for a few good generations. 
Florges
Drifloon
Slowpoke's definitely not forgettable, though it might forget about you.
Why are we including Gen VII Pokemon though? Even though the games are being played right now, they're brand new and aren't ingrained into our brains yet. Some of us haven't even caught a lot of them yet. 

I guess using this list we can also check the order and see which is the most forgettable Gen I-VI Pokemon by taking out the Gen VII as well. We can actually check and see the most forgettable Pokemon in each generation this way. 
Wormadam
Dragalge exists. Idk why tho 
Espurr.
keckleon
Lickilicki!
Farfetch'd
Luvdisc
Beheeyem
That Ground/Electrick thingy from Gen 5 
Just a note, you spelled Cryogonal's name wrong.

Anyway,

Espeon
Biberal
Scyther
Frillish
Cottonee
starly
I completely forgot about komala until a certain fight.
Rapidash!
litleo
Komala <3
Venomoth
Cresselia
Meowth
DAE remember this guy http://i.imgur.com/ZSAHEuW.png?
rockruff :D
Nidorino!
Avalugg. I have never seen anyone mention it ever.
Tropius
Carnivine has to be No.1, i forgot he existed until a Female Skull Grunt said that she likes them, but don't have them.
Accelgor
Grubbin
Metang
Honedge
Nuzleaf
Feebas
I vote for Charmander

Ninetales! And by extension Vulpix.
Shaymin
Haunter, Luxray, Infernape.
I forgot what it was
Impoleon!
Miltank
Tirtouga
This is already a tainted idea based on people commenting obscure Pokémon to answer your main question and ignoring your "this isn't a list of forgettable Pokémon" comment. I think your idea is a little difficult to do on a place like Reddit anyway though. That's just the nature of things like this. 


I will say I always forget Chimeco is a thing and no one ever shared my love for Pineco and Foretress. 
Garchomp
I forgot Komala even existed :(
pineco, I had to look it up the first time I heard of it because it's so forgettable.
Camerupt
Empoleon, (piplup/prinplup)

I'm on my phone and I couldn't find it anywhere.
Heliolisk
Gigalith
Hitmontop.
> \#2 Bidoof

you fukn wat m8
Swalot
Voltorb

Sandshrew
How I know this list is busted: Pikachu is not only on it he is 23rd.  I'm not a Pika fun but he is definitely not a forgettable Pokémon 
Some Pokémon are remembered just from being forgettable, I notice. 

Anyways, here are some of my favorites:

Jigglypuff
Igglybuff
Skiploom
Jumpluff
Gengar
Dugtrio
Magneton
Aegislash
Gallade
Floatzel and Bellsprout?
Wynaut! <3

Greninja
Blastoise
charmander?
LITTEN
Torterra
Smeargle
Nincada
Luvdisc
marshtomp
Abomasnow
Eelektross
groudon
Jolteon
Spinda played such a big role in Explorers of Sky, that I simply forget about him.
Charmeleon 
ariados
Wormadam
Looking back at the old Pokedex I have to say either **Shuppet** or **Tympole**. Don't think they've been mentioned here either.
Flaafy
servine
Exeggcute
I always forget Pineco exists. Even after I fight one, I'd be like... Wait, what did I just beat up?
Torkoal
Surskit, Masquerain
I wouldn't count Bidoof. Bidoof is so awful he can't be forgotten. Bibarel, however...
Bergmite army stand strong
Mega Houndoom. Everyone forgets Houndoom has a Mega forme for some reason, probably because it's so frail and relies on the Sun.
Are you all forgetting Teddiursa?
Cresselia
Pheromosa
Buzzwole
No Sableye? 
Eevee
This isn't going to work because people are purposefully posting forgettable Pokemon.
Finneon
Rockruff
Klinklang
Talonflame
Spiritomb
Dewgong for sure.
Rayquaza
Garchomp
Lampent.
Giratina
Tangrowth
Bayleef
Taillow

No one mentioned it yet </3
Smoochum
Shiftry

Edit: Looking at some of the other posts, the title's throwing off the results pretty badly. Next time, maybe just try a title like "Name the first pokemon you can think of (no repeats)" and then explain the "most forgettable" thing afterwards.
Suicune

Numel/Camerupt
Makuhita and Hariyama
caterpie
Type: Null
Lopunny
Natu
Wormadam!
Phione
Banette
Flygon
Pinsir.
Haunter!
Doduo

> Comfey

You have yet to face the horrors of priority healing.
Burmy
Ivysaur
Chimecho
Grovyle
Wooper!
Heatmor
Mr. Mime

Mandibuzz
Breloom
The last time something like this the answer was Anorith. Which now that I say it puts it on the list before the other 500 pokemon before it if it wasn't already but there you go.
Lileep and Cradily
Lileep and Cradily
Shellos
Exeggutor

Edit: Didn't understand the game, figured we'd list the most forgotten. 

So gotta go with making sure my fave isn't forgotten, Raikou!
What the heck is a Mantyke
Shellos
Jynx
Togedemaru
Swablu
Purugly
Gastrodon
Monferno
Elegyem
Meowstic
Altaria
Diancie
Gallade
Victini
Riolu
Slakoth/Vigoroth/Slaking
Porygon
Honchkrow
Minior.
Mandibuzz
pichu
Phanphy
Electivire
Kirlia
Toxicroak
Croagunk
Cant let it be Decidueye!
machop
Whats the brown rock fish called?
Dunsparce.
Quilfish
Shuckle
Lilligant
Samurott
Mantine
Cacturne
Paris and Parisect i always forget them until i see them XD

Not really the most forgettable Pokemon but the most forgettable starter for me was Chimchar, I completely forgot about it until professor birch offered me one in omega ruby.
Aggron
Quilava
Persian
Buzzwole
umbreon

best one right there
Reshiram...
Nuptup
Bidoof.
Blazikennnnn
SAMUROTT?!
mew
Frisk only activates when you send out the Pokemon with Frisk.

Best to just kill everything with Thief using a Compoundeyes Pokemon such as Butterfree since that should find you what you need pretty quickly.
I don't think there's even a single character I disliked this gen. 
Lore-wise, it probably means that the Z-Crystals were made from the plates, or at least were inspired by their designs.

Gameplay wise it's probably not going to be that significant, Arceus will almost certainly want to hold a plate instead since the plates also change Judgment and provide the power boost.
The z-crystals font change judgement tho :/
Hell, I would've been fine if C-Stick and LZ/RZ just did the same stuff as the controlpad/shoulder buttons.
Yeah. I got the new 3ds expecting a lot more game to use the new features. 
Honestly, I kinda prefer it when they have the camera in set places, it means they can hide things out of view more easily and also set up the camera in a certain way that can wow you when it focuses on certain set pieces.
Even on the old 3DS they failed to take advantage of the 3D slider. It’s like it wasn’t even designed for the 3DS at all.
I'm not sure how to go about that, but I do want to compliment you on such a kind hearted gesture :). You'll make a kid feel very happy. 
I have the new games, and i am still trying to MM a larvesta sometimes. Usually giving it 2 hours a week or so of MM 
Lol, I'm still kicking back with the Gen 3 games while I hunt for my lost 3ds
I believe Alola Form Pokemon have a different background. Same with when they evolve.
I mean Shiinotic doesn't have the best stats either, but Strength Sap their signature move is probably the craziest heal in the game and extremely useful. They have some nice utility with spore as well. Overall, some great moves but suffer from 405 BST.
I'm a bit upset it's not nicknamed shiiny
I'm pretty sure as long as a pokemon has a different trainer ID, it will get the boost
Don't use exp share? And don't play with them in pokemon refresh. I don't think there's a way to turn off boosted exp gain through trade...
> I don't want to remember the time that I got colossally destroyed in a Normal Rank Battle Royal, thank you very much. 

You learn more from your losses than from your wins.
In the Battle Tree during Super battles you can save them all.
It feels like the game is mocking you.
I get the option to save in royal in any way? I get lots and lots of Hyper Rank wins and they give me video save options
That's kinda depressing, but at the same time it's cute and kind of a "Awwww" moment when you read Mimikyu's Pokedex for one of the games. In it, it talks about how when someone actually **DID** see Mimikyu's true form, they got so terrified that they died... So Mimikyu isn't doing that simply because it's worried you'll run from it or not love it anymore, it's doing that and has a worried look because it's afraid that you might die of sheer fright.
It probably is trying to save you, the pokedex entry in sun notes the only person to see mimikyu without its disguise died of fright.
Something to make you feel better: If you hold your stylus over Mimikyu's head, it'll stick out its hand thingy and you can give it a hi-five, which makes it happy. Works on several other Pokemon as well. 
Way back when Mimikyu was first teased in a Japanese magazine, its description indicated that seeing its true form could cause a strange illness. So even if you're not scared enough to die from fright, it could still be protecting you from whatever other maladies its true form might cause.

ETA: I found the source image. It's from CoroCoro, and the second passage describes this phenomenon. The image is here: [[link]](http://imgur.com/fMR9ntG)

Here's the text transcribed and translated to the best of my ability (sorry, I don't have a JP keyboard on this computer, so romaji for now):

"Naka wo miyou to suru to...
Nuno no naka no shoutai wo mita mono wa nazo no yamai ni kurushimerareru to iwarete iru."

Roughly translated: "If you try to look inside...
They say that if you look at its true form inside the cloth, you'll be tormented by a mysterious illness."


I burned my hand on my Incineroar's belt. 

.....hey I may have reached a little low but my intentions were pure!  Honest! 
Mimikyu is secretly horrifying and for various reasons. 

It is intentionally deceptive. It seeks to gain your sympathy by disguising itself as a lovable species. 

Those who've seen it's true form have died from terror. There is one walking around the Aether House the 2nd time you go there that wishes to place a curse upon you. 

I'm not convinced this is some cute little insecure creature that's just misguided in it's attempts to gain affection. 

I think it could be something genuinely horrific that people have a right mind to be deeply wary of. 
> try to tug at the bottom of its disguise, it quickly backs up while giving you this look of pure worry.

I recommend avoiding this with women as well
Back in XY if you touch a caught honedge's hilt he will really like it, but if you try the same when friendship is high he wont let you and will get worried. this is because the pokedex entry says he steals his prey's energy with the hilt. cute huh?
I didn't know that! I've just been High-Fiving Mimikyu
If I took off that disguise would you die?
I gave my Mimikyu like 50 Rainbow beans, he is the best little dude.
Maybe it's worried not because it's embarassed, but *for your health and being*.  In the pokedex entry, it is said that anyone who sees what is under mimkyu's sheet is struck with a mysterious illness.
Im more happy that if you hold out your hand on the lwft side of the screen he'll give you a high five.
Best buddy mimi :)
On the bright side he can give you a high-five
Another cool detail is that when you first start playing with it, it eats the pokebeans through the pikachu head. As it becomes friendlier with you it'll start eating from it's actual mouth, which is close to the bottom of the body. Pretty neat! It's becoming comfortable with you as a trainer, so it's ok with letting you know a bit more about it's true identity :)
Gee, I wonder what a Mega-Mimikyu would look like :o
Mine hates it when you touch his disguise. So don't pet the "pika-head" 
Well, if you found out your master is a freaking pervert, wouldn't you be worried?
To be fair to Mimikyu, look at what happened to Meowth in the anime when he saw the true form.
On the opposite spectrum, press and hold on empty space on the touch screen for Mimikyu to try to high five you. Radical!
aw poor guy. not sure if this is related but I think maybe Mimikyu is the ghost of a pikachu who was really loved and hes just trying to be back to normal. 
If you touch Cubone's club he starts crying 😯
While a lot of people are mentioning the pokedex entry which says that seeing it's true form will make you sick/die and then others are saying "how can all mimikyus know this?"

I bring you this: 

> Mimikyu’s health fails when it’s bathed in the rays of the sun, so it prefers to stick to dark places. It’s rumored that the reason it covers itself with a cloth is to avoid sunlight.

I think all mimikyus are more likely to know that they don't like light than they are to know that seeing them could kill you.
Didn't I read somewhere that Mimikyu is really sensitive to sunlight? Like deathly-allergic sensitive? Poor thing is probably just trying to avoid a nasty sun-burn. 
If you put your hand/stick or whatever at the right/left of Mimikyu and hold it there, it'll give you a high five. :)
When it peaks behind its Pikachu disguise, it gets me.
It's not about whether you'll run or not. It's true appearance can literally kill you.
This is my roommates first Pokemon game and Mimikyu was the first Pokemon he was really excited about. After I told him its sad backstory it made the speed Mimikyu loves you through poke refresh that much sadder hahahah
Probably stopping you from dying.  It almost killed meowth in the anime
Mimikyu best Pikachu.
Mimikyu is the most precious pokemon to date. That room in his trial? Absolutely heart breaking 
yeah , poor guy rejecting what he really is.  but when somebody irl rejects who their really are , they are just hated and told to kill themselves 
Battle tree
version exclusives and female salandits.  Though anything that isn't found in the first couple routes is good.

edit so for version exclusives vulpix and sandshrew are rather popular, especially vulpix.
My go to was always a bit boring but fairly solid. Eeeves with hidden ability/egg moves/good IVs. Pick whatever.

Everyone loves an Eevee.
Maybe version exclusives
Those three options are fine, anything in late game is fine, also breedjects are always good. A good start to seeing what's good is check out /r/Wondertrade, you'll see what others are giving out and in their sidebar they have a "WonderTrade Etiquette" guide that gives you some pretty good ideas on what to send off.
All 3 are fine. Literally anything that's uncommon
Just be sure to release any trash you get coming in instead of sending back out! All those options sound like good picks.
Those all sound great! Also good picks are late-game mons that people originally wanted to use on their teams, only to find they're really late...I've been sending out bred Mimikyu, for example, and will start breeding Jangmo-o once I get one.

Other good things to send out are the obnoxiously rare spawns, especially new-to-Alola ones like Dhelmise, Bruxish, Mimikyu and Stufful.
I'm sending out mimkyus
I've got a box of Popplio, a box of Meranie, a box of Alolan Sandshrew, a box of Oranguru, and a box of Drampa waiting for the xmas wondertrade :) hopefully some kids get a Pokémon they needed! 
6 IV Ditto.
Do people like haunters? Since they evolve after they've been traded 
well, there is evidence to support that, but no, gamefreak has never said your the rival.
You have two rivals.

Hau the friendly rival, Gladion the bitter rival.

The fun comes from them being foils of each other.
Unless it has changed, I'm pretty sure it's just based on the Pickup mon's level, not the Pokemon you battle. Though it's probably a good idea to fight stronger Pokemon to level it up.
Level only applies to pickup so far as what items have a chance of being generated, dunno if the Sun/Moon table is any different though.

I've got a team of 5 lvl 100 Ambipom waiting for Pokebank to update.
Why earthquake instead of earth power? Its a special attacker after all
How do you level him up in-battle with no damaging moves, though?
Why don't you just use a Cute Charmer for the chain and farm healing items + Leppa berries in preparation? If False Swipe isn't available on any Cute Charm mons, just switch out every so often to knock a knew call down to 1 HP.
Honestly, my favorite save location has been the same since I got Silver for Christmas over a decade ago (Standing outside of a Pokemon Center).
I usually save somewhere convenient, like the Battle Tree or Haouli City or Mount Lanakila. 
Sorry, all Pika-clone love for SuMo went to Mimikyu and Alolachu.
Honestly he's my least favorite Pikachu clone.
Kind of awful. Its one Steel-type move (Gyro Ball) is useless due its speed.
I have Togedemaru in my team. I even named him 'Dormmamu'.
Played through the whole game and didn't see it at all ☹ 
I adore it! Its a goddamn hedgehog (I know its technically a spiny rat but it looks like a hedgehog) and I love hedgehogs. Plus its worlds cuter than Dedenne which was a *very* shameless and obvious Raichu ripoff. At least the other Pikaclones and hell even Mimikyu since its costume is so poorly made yet adorable go out of their way to not look exactly like Pikachu or one of its evolutions. Resemble them yeah, but not flat out rip them off.
No one likes it unfortunately
IMHO, Guzma didn't make that theme so much as his Golisopod did.

Gotta make that First Impression.
Most of the music in this game I wouldn't describe as catchy.

But Guzma and Lunala/Solgaleo's OSTs made me a happy chappy.

Similarly, Diantha's theme was the one redeeming piece of music for me from X/Y.
I liked that they added a distortioned/kinda muted part of the Aether Base and Aether battle theme.
My personal favorite track is [Gladion's battle theme.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ju9-o8BF_cQ) That is some of the funkiest shit I've heard in a long time. 
You can set it as the battle music in the battle tree!
UH UH TEAM SKULL, BREAK IT DOWN WABALABADUB DUCK ROCK
His encounter music is awesome too.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJEAeZmOqjM
I adored this theme, I didn't want to finish battling Guzma just so I can listen!
I think I hear a bit of Aether... What could this mean?

^^don't ^^tell ^^me, ^^okay?
This song is probably my second favorite battle theme in the game after Elite 4 theme. It was definitely one of the catchiest songs especially. To me that's an accomplishment because IMO this game has the best soundtrack of any Pokemon game by far
Not really my thing TBH.
To me it sounds like he's saying "Oh... oh... to the left!" which kinda detracts fron it.
I like it, but it just doesn't beat the [island deity theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cKr616BOslU) in my opinion.
Yeah, I absolutely love his theme. Cynthia, him, and the deities have the best music IMO
I use Stoutland. I definitely agree that it's better than Tauros.

Maybe not *faster*, necessarily, but definitely more convenient.
I'll have to give stoutland a go but I'm pretty sure it doesn't matter how fast you spin, you just need to keep running. At least you don't hold B on stoutland so I can do it with one hand.
Well it's currently out on iTunes in Australia and Continental Europe.
probably hitting iTunes tonight at midnight
How in the world can you eat pasta with spoons
While Ditto is genderless, I assume it assume the Transform target's gender.
How does a Klefki let you make your perfect Ditto?
Regenerator is probably best for competitive play. Merciless is best for a casual run through.
I'm personally using Merciless. I get into the battle and immediately set up Toxic or Toxic Spikes (if I'm chaining) and it works wonders for taking out the SOS'd Pokemon.

Every. Single. Hit. Is. A. Crit???
Merciless is without a doubt the best ability for casual play. For competitive, Regenerator is more broadly useful but you could probably make Merciless work. Limber shouldn't even be considered, but if you get a shiny or good nature/IV Mareanie with Limber, you can use the Ability Capsule to change it to Merciless. 
Anddd i just traded it for a shiny porygon z... filling pokedex
Ah! I have one too, a. Marowak is like my favorite new Pokémon right now with the right evs it can tank a few hits and and dish out even stronger ones
Oh god I imagine he probably had two marowaks and accidentally sent that one instead. The horror on their face lmao
Someone traded me a **Lunala** for my shiny Growlithe.

And I've yet to finish the second island. Playing Sun.
It was an entertaining read, at least! Good job on that trial!
Abuse protect. 
I've just been spamming master for easy BP. I'm sure you could make better teams (AoE surf/eq ect or revenge killers to kill steal) but it don't seem so hard. Way easier bp than the tree early on
battle royale seems to come in earlier than it should, a lot of the pokemon seem late-game or even somewhat competitive. i onnly using it for meming around with friends, though, so i don't have much experience with the cpus
Yeah, it's kinda weird. It's basically another Battle Tree, but the game doesn't tell you this and you get access to it way before you finish the game.

I tried it immediately after the one you do in the story, with my level 20 Torracat. Didn't end well.
Ive been winning hyper left and right, either first or second place consistently.  You are just using the wrong team comp.  the enemies are random, but you just got unlucky
there is nothing called "pincer"
I'm assuming you mean Pinsir, and aside from that, it functions very much like a fighting type, and gains flying type through mega evolution.

What about that says Dark?
It used brutal swing, which hits everyone, like the move discharge. This happened while I was shiny farming for one but I stroll got the shiny ;)
wait what? you're shiny hunting with something slower than a stufful?
Technically his first win was Popplio
Great shadowing! Awesome OC, and good starter choice although I may be a bit biased!
I've noticed that the computer actually realizes it can switch pokemon now. Smarter? Maybe. Still cheating? Absolutely.

Searching for Gabite in the desert, I have out my Snorlax and encounter a Sandile. Sandstorm is rolling, just gotta wait it out for the Gabite to appear. Hold Back, knock Sandile to 1 HP. Sandile uses Embargo, so I can't set up the Adrenaline Orb. No problem, I'll switch to Lycanroc. Sandile used Embargo again. Why would it use Embargo again? I'll chalk it up to weird AI. Switch back to Snorlax. Embargo. Switch to Lycanroc. Embargo. Back and forth it went until the little bastard ran out of PP for Embargo. There's no way the computer could have anticipated that many switches unless it was picking an action after I picked mine. To test it out, I found another Sandile and started up the little Embargo spam again. After a number of consecutive switches, I decided to keep my Snorlax in and attack the second pokemon that appeared. The 1hp Sandile decided to attack that time. Switched? Embargo. 

>Also, my in-game team needs it's EVs resetting and I'm burning time for new berries to spawn on the tree on Route 10, as well as waiting for berries to grow on Poké Pelago.

Friendship Parlor stalls. ;)
Hala switched once during my League battle. Caught me off guard for a sec.
It improved a lot.

I just don't get why my fight with Dexio? (Zygarde-person at Poni) had such bad AI during my run. I think he only used an attack move once, being ice beam on my snorlax.
Its improved, but the ai still spams status moves on minior even though he is immune
look up ledyba bot twitter if there are recent posts then its up
I think it might not be. My friends and I have had stuff up for a few days now with no luck.
Are you supposed to put something up in particular to get one of the dittos in return?
Hey you still need one? I have one I can spare
i feel like he doesnt run at all if you look at how many ppl have ledyba on gts. lol
also really needing a 5-6 iv ditto. had no luck with the bot so far. would be really thankful for a hacked ditto. im still not far into the game so i cant really give anything back but it would help me forming my team a lot.
Honestly just go catch one. I find hundreds of them. 
Similar issues here. I can use the internet browser on my DS but whenever I try to connect to the internet in Pokemon Sun I get some error code and it kicks me out. Can't think of any reason other than pokemon isn't working properly. 
I'm not having specific issues, but the whole connecting and stuff is so much slower than PSS
It will evolve into Lunala in Moon.
Cosmoem will evolve into the box legendary of the game it is in when it evolves. So if it evolves in moon you get Lunala, and if it evolves in sun you get Solgaleo.
I can give you a lunala for HA mareanie
If you haven't, you could catch the extra cosmog and evolve it into lunala. You'll have to find a good pokemon to trade for solgaleo as that was the main purpose of the extra.
I called my Litten on my Moon team Elric.
This doesn't count, but the show is Anime enough I guess, I named my Pikipek Pearl
all my pokemon i have nicknamed are named after deities from the tabletop RPG pathfinder.
Bewear - Fluffal

Salazzle - Miia

Sandslash - Freeza
I named my main team(and some others) all after Danganronpa characters. Though DR started as a game not an anime.

1. Incineroar: Juzo
2. Primarina: Hina
3. Decidueye: Izayoi
4. Lycanroc Midday Form: Makoto
5. Salazzle: Seiko
6. Mimikyu: Miaya
7. A-Ninetails: Kyouko
8. Lurantis: Hiyoko
9. Toxapek(spelling?): Toko
TL;DR: Poképelago guy is Lillie's and Gladion's dad who went missing
Plot Twist: Mohn didn't get lost in an Ultra Wormhole, it was a ploy he just set up, as a way to leave his wife and kids.
Hey, that reminds me. Remember back when the [map of Alola was revealed](http://i.imgur.com/c8WL3qq.png) and lots of people were wondering what [this little island in the corner](http://i.imgur.com/8vriDMk.png) was? It's pretty obvious in hindsight that it's Isle Abeens. So we know where that is at least.
**We're going deeper**
I'm not used to Kotaku articles being un-archived... I just gave them a click, yuck.
Pretty neat right?
holy shit

**the plot thickens**
Wow... mind blown!!
Omg insane. I thought his name was familiar. 
This is really cool. I need more of this story, it's insane.
I believe either Lillie or the ghost captain mention Mohn as well, when you first go to the library and talk with them in a cut scene. I thought it was the ghost captain speaking (I forget her name) but I'm probably mistaken and it was Lillie — she says either the wormhole scientist or "Mohn" specifically is her dad. I'm fuzzy on the details now but that's how I pieces it together before speaking to Gladion post-game

Edit: I'm very mistaken lol, just re-watched the cutscene. It was a poetic history of solgaleo and lunala from Acerola's dad, not the scientific ones written by Mohn. I just skimmed and drew the correct conclusion from the wrong evidence 😂 makes me wonder about Acerola's dad and their family though 
I was amazed at the art till I realized you were mentioning an article. 
Uhh, this was pretty blatant. Not really a MIND BLOWN theory. 
Is that art official?
any of you played oxenfree? it reminds me of that sort of. really cool article
I just thought this because his hair, I didn't even put together all that with his name lol.
GameFreak tripled up on the absent dads this gen. You, Hau, and Lilly/Gladion.


People talk about this game flipping the tables on the franchise and yet still, no one has dads.
Now I'm just wondering how Mohn was able to get a piece of that ass from Lusamine
Holy shit
cool
It's not a secret that Mohn runs the Pelago. He's not who Lusamine was looking for.
What exactly is the nuzlocke challenge? Forgive my ignorance.
That Machamp is her new husband

*time to breed*
It's before you beat the game 
She goes to Kanto to save her mother , not because she doesn't love you
I swore you gonna have the picture of Lillie & Lunala/Soglaio
I have a feeling that by the time the sun and Moon anime comes to an end, we are going to be missing Lillie just as much as we miss Sarena. I don't think my heart will able to handle being played with like that.
That certainly puts the SM in HSM. 
Player:  c:
....is this a High School Musical reference? The day has finally come then. 





AMAZING
He's smiling not because he doesn't feel bad...


But because deep down he know he will see her again 
The eyes of that last smiley picture are too sparkly with compassion. Make them dead and cold to pair with the smile. 

Haha but seriously, great job!
But Gabriella! I mean Gabrlilliea.
I miss her still dude. I DEMAND a sequel where you get to visit Kanto and start anew. Also you can link w/ Sun and Moon to get your old pokemon in the aftergame. Call it Pokemon Sun 2 And Pokemon Moon 2
Nice!
The PC knows he's got that on lock when she comes back.
Nothing but pain and anguish on the inside. Nothing but smiles on the outside.

/r/2meirl4meirl
Really hope for a sequel to these games like Gen 5 instead of a revamp. The revamps never really appealed to me, but with a sequel there's an opportunity to build on what's been set here. WIth a sequel I want to see Lillie come back a much stronger trainer
ugh omg true. i actually teared up when she left. I felt so torn because I was like LILLIE YOU'RE MY BEST FRIEND HOW COULD YOU DO THIS and well at least I get to stay with Gladion<3

I have literally never wanted to actually be friends with two people in a video game more than these two. I think I might actually have to buy Sun just to play with them again<3<3<3
For how it looked, you should have just put the smash bros version of the animal crossing new leaf villager in place of the player character. XD
But... But... I'm a female character.

Pokemon Lesbi Confirmed. 
Lilliiiiie :'(
Bet on it bet on it bet on it bet on me
Psh, Gladion will be there for me.
At first I was a teeny bit upset, but then I realized there wouldn't be another 20 minute scene where she'd try to saddle up to a challenge talking a big game (and talking forever) only to ultimately fall short, and barely even advance the plot.
https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5f859i/the_guide_to_level_up_to_100_in_about_2_hours/

PM the OP
Pokedex is usual its own stand-alone guide, known as Volume 2. It has been this way since Gen IV.


I think the guide is fine for the main story. And there's something post game stuff, but if you would do some research, you'd find that there's usually 2 strategy guides per game. The pokedex is the second one that will come out in January near the release of the bank update. Why would they put stuff for all the rest of the 500 pokemon that can't be caught  in game in the strategy guide that releases with the game?
The REAL guide always comes out months later. This is to help to not spoil things (but people datamine anyway) but also increase sales as many people will have the games after the holidays and want a strategy guide to help them through the game.
I got a cute red one with a santa hat pikachu last week; it'll be my Friday work shirt I think till xmas
Not December yet.
still not acceptable.
Isn't "I like youngsters" still in there though?
Male and female youth athletes ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)

Still probably a good call on their part. 


No Pokémon game will ever be complete without these witty dialogues and little Lol details.
I like female Office workers *cough* Secretaries
Those fuckers in the Battle Tree are demons
You can say you're actually a middle-aged man that likes youngsters, so... yeah.
Well you can also choose between "I'm a girl" or  "I feel like a girl"  PCness at its best. Phrases might actually be a bit different,  I'm playing in German..
Quick balls seem a little op in this game. I can only remember it failing once on the first turn, out of probably close to 20 used.
Interesting. I wanna try this out on my Sapphire version too. I just gotta find a charger for my original DS.
That is extremely slow compared to just joining type match-up missions.
I've gotten about 6 in wondertrade today lol. Id be happy to give you one!!! Haha
It took me two hours and I gave up.   When I came back as Champion Mimikyu decided I was worthy and was my first encounter in the megamart.
Unfortunatly, you're just going to have to keep trying my friend! It took me a half hour of constant encounters until I saw my first one!
It took me 20 minutes to catch mine. Then the next 5 encounters as I left the mart were all mimikyu. I caught every single one, I could trade you one if someone hasn't gotten you one already.
I found it on the first encounter; but couldn't find another 24 tries after before giving up.
Super Training and the feature in HGSS where you can toggle run with a tap so you don't have to hold B all the time.
Gen 1: Pay Day as a TM. (There aren't really any "features" from gen 1)

Gen 2: Day/Night cycle, held items

Gen 3: Natures, V.S. Seeker

Gen 4: Special/Physical split, Pokemon Following (special mention goes to the Pokeathlon)

Gen 5: Wild Double battles, re-useable TMs

Gen 6: Trainer customisation, Dexnav, Super training (because these three are brilliant and I can't only pick two)

Gen 7: SOS battle, (I know I already have wild double battles, but I really do love SOS battles), Pokemon Pelago
Gen 1: Game Corner, Safari Zone

Gen 2: Visit a different region

Gen 3: Frontier, Diving

Gen 4: Underground Tunnel, Pokemon following you

Gen 5: Sequel instead of a third game(though I would prefer a third game be the sequel instead of another split in versions)

Gen 6: DexNav, Super Training

Gen 7: Poke Pelago, Hyper Training
Battle Frontier and Pokemon followers.
Run toggle from HGSS and seasons from BW/B2W2
Pokemon following you (Even if it's JUST your starters)

PSS. Why the fuck did they remove it?
Toggle run and pokemon following you hg/ss.  
Secret bases and pokemon contests from oras.  
Hoardes and customization from xy.  
Underground from dpp.  
Dream world and seasons from bw.  
Pokerides and pokemon refresh from sm.  
GSC: Apricorn Balls, Day/Night Cycle

RSE: Battle Frontier, Trainer Rebattling

DPPt: Badge Shining, Underground

HGSS: Walking Pokémon, Legend Events with Story

BW: Double Battle Grass, Seasons

BW2: PWT, Join Avenue

XY: Friend Safari, Hordes

ORAS: Move Tutors, Soaring (and by extension, all of the legendaries)

SM: IV checker in PC, Pokéride


RBY: Pay Day TM

GSC: apricorn balls, the phone

RSE: secret bases, battle frontier

DPPt: underground, ball seals

BW/2: wild double battles, PWT 

XY: Customisation, all the bottom screen features (Super Training, PSS and Amie need to be together...)

((bonus ORAS: dexnav))

SM: Poke Pelago and either the ability to remove hats or Refresh

I never even enjoyed the postgame battle facilities (save the frontier when I was young enough to not know the ins and outs of the mechanics so it was just for fun and not a grind) but it would be cool to have them back.
Super Training and Pokemon that follow the trainer. 
You're a good guy for spreading a disease. ;)
so lucky! i've never had pokerus...
Does Pokerus still have a 1 in ~21000 encounter rate? 

I got Pokerus soon after I got to the 4th island.
I do the same thing. Lol.

Spreading the virus love. <3
Or the ace trainer (Route 3 IIRC) who sets up stealth rocks and later forces a switch with yawn. It's pretty refreshing to see AI use viable tactics without being too difficult for beginners at the same time.
or more like "hey we've nerfed burn damage, so flame orb is now better then toxic orb even in the short run"

if you didnt know- burn used to do 1/8 HP dmg, but now does 1/16 HP dmg. Toxic does 1/16, then doubles each turn.

3 turns of burn = 1/8 + 1/8 + 1/8 = 3/8

3 turns of toxic = 1/16 + 2/16 + 3/16 = 6/16 = 3/8

Guts pokemon who ran U-Turn would typically use Toxic orb over burn orb to take less residual damage but would require that they stay for no more than three turns.
This, the humorous dialogue and the challenges, ... GF really made a gem
I view it more as they're keeping the difficulty up by throwing in competitive strategy. I think it contributes a lot to the gain in difficulty since X/Y. 
Getting a flame orb through a random trainer was cool and all up until I realized that I can't find a Luxio with Guts through Island Scan. Now I have to wait a month before I can make good use of it ;-;
As someone who would like to get into competitive but hasn't really had the time I did enjoy these hints "?" toward competitive/semicompetitve  strategies
Oh man that red card guy was the best!
I assume that guy's Hariyarma had Facade? He never used that move on me.
It's a nice way of making it still an optional thing on the route, once you have cleared the route, but can still help casual players understand strategies. The idea of using Tick with Alakazam etc.
They already did that in BW2 challenge mode.
5th. They're airing the new movie and the first two episodes of the anime. After that, it might be a long wait for the dub since the XY dub isn't even done yet.
Yeah, it's super good.
How is a free substitute and access to a +3 attack move a bad pokemon? Especially with its high attack and decent speed
Free Swords Dance (thanks to Disguise) + Never-Ending Nightmare (based on Shadow Claw) murders everything and Shadow Sneak finishes off anyone who survives.
I wish team skull was harder. Like each grunt should have had 3 pokemon and plumeria and Guzma both having 4 pokemon in the first round then 6 later. I can't feel threatened when most of the game all they bring to battle is a zubat or youngoos
The joke is that he is incompetent as the head of security. 

I can't fight I am too strong, too indispensable is a pretty common imposter trope. 

Also later he tries to corner you in an ambush with a larger team, and accidentally brings the key to you. He probably did not even have most of his pokemon on him when you first surprise him. 
I saw someone name their dewpider "not surskit"
I just named my Dewpider "Sipder" because I'm so original.
Dewpy
Dewpoder: H2O Nope
Wimpod: Social Anxiety 
I named my Wimpod/Golisopod Bisque, but my nicknames are usually pretty crappy /:
Escaping is based around speed, not level. If you're faster, you'll always escape, if you're slower, there's a chance you won't. Also, ghost types can always escape.

Level for for repels however. 
It goes by speed. Golbat has 90 base speed, so if your pokemon have a lower speed stat then there's a low chance to run. If you have a ghost-type pokemon out, you'll never fail to run.
I don't think is says the Lillie and family are from kanto just that that's the best place to go for treatment. That said I'd love to go back to kanto. I don't really care where the next games are I just want more Lillie in my life 
I think the Kanto mentions are a nod to the strong Japanese-American presence in Hawaii as well as to the 20th anniversary of pokemon, but I'm very curious about the rumored "Pokemon Stars" for the switch-- it's a clear link to Sun and Moon, but it also sounds a bit like "Pokemon All-Stars". Gonna keep dreaming for a multi-region game over here...
We'll get a D/P remake if anything. The Kanto references were for the 20th anniversary nostalgia
The oak guy, alolan forms
Kanto references *always* happen. Remember how Santalune Forest in XY has the exact same design as Viridian Forest? How certain moves' sound effects were changed to Gen 1's back then as well, how  the Snorlax flute plot was rehashed, how Mewtwo and the Legendary Birds are the main postgame legendaries... How we got the damn Kanto starters, even! Kalos had tons more Kanto references than Hoenn ones, and we STILL got ORAS.

Not to mention that, considering this is the 20th anniversary game, I think an even higher density of references is to be expected. It just seems really flimsy to take "mentioning Kanto a ton" as evidence of remakes, taking XY into consideration.
There are people in Malie Garden recreating nugget bridge to the point of the last guy asking you if you wanna join Team Rocket
I'm just waiting for blackwhite remake on 2021/2022 x)
I only want to go back to Kanto if there is a new story centered around Giovanni's destructive return. Red makes his return Luke Skywalker style and our new hero plays a vital role in stopping team rocket once and for all. 
It's possible, but what Sun and Moon would be setting up is an adventure in Kanto AFTER Sun and Moon. Honestly, I don't want another Kanto remake, but if they can spice the region up and give us a totally new story, and maybe a Johto post game... yeah that'd be really sweet! (I want to see Lillie again...)


Honestly... Lillie being the champion at the Indigo League would be pretty awesome in and of itself.
Hopefully it's either a new game set in Kanto or a game where we'll have the ability to go to Kanto.

I don't think we need another Gen 1 remake. You can only replay the same game so many times.
I don't remember if this is from kanto or johto, but the water trial leader jokes about having caught a red gyarados once (turned out to be a shit joke but still a reference ;))
So a lot of people are complaining that Kanto is bland, old, generic, etc....but why can't they do a "20 years later Kanto"? Spice that shit up, maybe throw in a disaster of some sort to change it around...it doesn't have to be identical to the old games. It doesn't have to be a remake. It can be an extension. Similar to how B2/W2 added a lot of new content because of the melting ice crap.

They need to stop with the remakes, but that doesn't mean we can't revisit old regions anymore. It just needs to be done right.

I'm also still down for a game that has more than one region in it, except I'm honestly not a fan of Johto, so another Johto + Kanto combo (aka G/S) isn't that appealing to me.
It's just them celebrating 20 years. If we follow the usual trend next will be Sinnoh remakes.
Where was it said that Lusamine's family was from Kanto?
I'm also doubting a D/P remake (because why remake something that you can still play on DS) and saw hints at Kanto. But I was thinking not a Kanto remake, but a new adventure set in Kanto. Same places, different stuff. With Lillie being a strong trainer, Hau showing up as champion.
Please god no. Im starting to hate gen 1 due to the fact that the pokemon company cannot seem to get the hell over it. There are way better gens and regions, let them have their spot in the limelight
I'm thinking Gen 4 remakes followed by an honest Kanto/Johto sequel set around or a bit after the timeframe of Sun/Moon. 

Then again, Kanto remakes exclusive/co-released-on the Switch *would* sell a lot of consoles. 
A lot of what you said disproves Kanto remakes, if anything. Why has there be *so* much Kanto love in Gen VI and VII if Kanto remakes were planned? The answer is because they aren't planned, and people need to realize that.

A lot of it is just appeasing the people with rose-tinted glasses. I'm honestly a bit sick and tired of them trying to do this. Generation I had nothing special, aside from being the first games (which were awfully buggy, to boot), and is really mediocre when compared to the other generations:

* Generation II saw a huge amount of content.

* Generation III saw the introduction of postgame content with the battle frontier.

* Generation IV saw the fleshing out of the original formula, giving the game a much better difficulty curve.

* Generation V saw technological innovation as a whole, with the introduction of animated sprites, as well as a good story.

But none of this has been re-imagined. Instead we are constantly being given Gen I love.

The mega evolutions for the Kanto Starters and Mewtwo, Alolan forms being given strictly to Kanto pokemon, recreation of previous things from Kanto games, *porting of RBY to Virtual Console*, and various other nudges to Kanto lead me to believe that Game Freak does not want to make Kanto remakes. On top of all this, the general consensus of the community is that they would rather have Sinnoh remakes.

In summary, the recent large sums of Generation I related content is actually Game Freak's answer to Kanto remakes. They aren't planned, so instead they're adding bits and pieces of Generation I to the newer games to keep nostalgic fans interested.
A Kanto remake right now would honestly turn me away from the series. I'm sick and tired of Kanto Pokemon getting all the special treatment. 2 Kanto Pokemon have split mega evolutions. 18 Kanto Pokemon got Alola forms. NONE from other gens did. All the dialogue references like us being from Kanto and Lillie taking her mom there after the story (for an enormously bullshit reason imo) are just thrown in to make you remember "HEY 20TH ANNIVERSARY DON'T FORGET THE FIRST GAMES." 

I feel like Gamefreak are pushing nostalgia a bit too much down our throats. Okay, I can tolerate all the Kanto pokemon roaming around or how a lot of the megas are of gen 1 pokemon, or how Sun and Moon seems a bit TOO focused on Kanto and kind of forgetting about Alola, but it's been nothing but Kanto this Kanto that for at least 3 years since X/Y release

I guess since they got scared of how people reacted to Black and White since it was nothing but new stuff, they went to the other extreme and gave us nothing but old stuff. We're getting less and less new Pokemon in favor of old favorites (at this point Gold and Silver's 100 new mons make it look giant, even if there's a lot of evolutions to old ones) 

Don't really hate Kanto, but I feel like they're marketing towards people who didn't really like Pokemon in the first place and just played it when it was a trend...
This was more just Kanto ass-kissing. It's actually annoying. They decide to celebrate the 20 years by reminiscing the first instead of all twenty..

Either way, there's Diglett's Cave too.
my guess is DP remakes for RKS/cynthia context and exploring any connections there may be between ultra space and the distortion world...

...and *new* kanto games set after all the other games with side missions and cameos dealing with what lillie and hau are up to after the events of SM. i wouldn't be surprised if there were even a reverse johto situation involved, given how many trials and grand trials SM had you go through to reach the E4. a regular eight badge journey wouldn't measure up to all the stuff going on in SM.

XY and ORAS show that they're not afraid to jump forward and backward in time in the same generation of games. all of the meaningful kanto references point toward the future (lillie looking for bill, hau visiting lillie and reconnecting with his father, red and blue are obviously older). and from an economic standpoint, i don't see them re-remaking games they're already selling (RBY) on the eshop.
While I have seen way too many hints at a Kanto connection, I don't know if it is a remake. But yeah, Kanto is very prominent in Alola. 
Your point about Hau being Brocks son is probably wrong. We met Brock's father in the anime. He was the guy selling rocks...
Please no remake of Kanto, it's been done to death now, if they do some sort of sequel with Lillie as a trainer/rival/champion/etc. and showing how much the region has changed since R/B/Y/FR/LG then I'll gladly accept it, but I don't want another remake, it's pointless and original Kanto is incredibly dull.

To be honest, I'd rather have a Pt remake or sequel involving Arceus.
They already did the Gen 1 VC releases. Remakes would feel a bit redundant with that in mind.
honestly can't see any reason to go back to kanto, the 150 are getting kinda stale to me and only having access to kanto pokemon would be boring.  
I hate to be this guy but with Pokemon celebrating 20 years wouldn't you think they would throw in easter eggs like that? I mean Kanto is where it all started?
If they do, I hope they majorily redesign Kanto because it is bland and dullest of the regions. 
I was always under the assumption that Bruno might be haus father, looks similar (hairstyle and all). He's a fighting type trainer like Hala and he constantly trains and meditates (maybe to one day beat his father and to deal with leaving hau behind. 

Also what's with every saying there is too much gen 1 pandering. Besides references to kanto and the fact that it's the 20th anniversary. There is huge Japanese population in Hawaii. And hmm, kanto jhoto, sinnoh and hoenn are all Japanese based regions. The last games that came out were oras, so we can remove hoenn. And sinnoh remakes next would follow the trend (God I hope Atleast some battle frontier will make it to that game) so we can remove that. 

We are left with kanto and jhoto, well he have a city based on jhoto in the game and who knows sinnoh and jhoto had alot of connections so we might hear about all of those. So might as well make some kanto references, maybe pay tribute to the game that started it all as well. And hell, world building. In general any reference to another region is awesome, makes it feel like all our journeys had an impact. 

Tldr: I think Bruno might be hau's father and who cares about gen 1 references for real, they are just for older fans and for new players to go buy red or blue on the eshop. It's called marketing. 
Honestly, I wouldn't mind a Kanto remake but I'd really want a Kanto 2.0.  A new story within Kanto that moves things along there with some other regions pokes...
I really hope it's not a Kanto remake honestly. We already have enough of those and I think that it's not a particularly interesting region apart from the nostalgia
There was also that lady mentioning a switch behind the poster in the mall. 
Also, I hope they don't make a Kanto remake, but rather a sequel to Sun and Moon that takes place in Kanto. Hopefully it stars Lillie as one of the main protagonists!
I was thinking about this the other day and the one thing I could think of is maybe this is setting up for the switch game. If the rumours are true that it will be the 3rd game in this gen and the 3rd game almost always adds more. With the power of the switch maybe that is to add all of Kano for after beating the sun and moon story
Honestly, it makes me think we're getting a Kanto sequel, not a remake.
I'd love a Sun/Moon sequel set in Kanto a lot more than remakes of D/P. They could add a small new region near Kanto that you end up travelling around to add some variety.
I feel like the best way to have Kanto remakes, would be to instead have them in Stars on the switch (if this happens). Finish the trials, deal with aether, go to Kanto with Lillie. Could be fun.
I'd say alot of this can be attributed to the theme. Kanto is based on japan. Hawaii actually has quite a large japanese population. So really all of this is just accurate to the geography. 


I feel like if we were to have another Kanto game we'd also have to have Johto in the same game. I don't think Kanto would be expandable enough for a full region nowadays.

I wouldn't mind going back to Kanto if Johto were also included, but set a few years later with a different story. I can't see it happening though, definitely not until at least the 25th anniversary. And tbh I'm not all that bothered about it.
There's an interview that already basically explained to us why there's so much Kanto references. Pokemon's 20th year anniversary is the mark where the franchise first started. It started in Red and Blue and Green, that's why Kanto got lucky in gen 7.

Here is the link:https://www.gamnesia.com/news/pokemon-sun-moons-director-explains-why-only-kanto-pokemon-have-alola-forms

The answers came from Ohmori himself. I don't really mean to burst your bubble really but this sub has the trend to form their own "unique" theory before actually searching for stuff and news.
"Kanto versions" don't exist. There has honestly been too much pandering(and anime) TO mean we are going to have Kanto remakes(god I seriously hope we don't get those). If anything, completely new story as a Kanto sequel(completely disgusting), or a game where Kanto is post-game.

 Every single generation has either HAD Kanto, or heavilly pandered to it and genwunners. I think it needs to be let go. Seriously, this is getting really fucking unbearable at this point.
The anti-Kanto circlejerk is strong in this thread. I wouldn't mind a sequel taking place in Kanto, to be honest.
We're not, it's a celebration of the series 20th anniversary, of course there's gonna be a lot of throwbacks to the first region, doesn't mean it's gonna get remade, because it already got remade in both FR/LG and HG/SS.
No won't. At least not on the 3ds is my guess. We already got the VC ports, no need for another remake in my book.

Also, the tourists with the *regular* forms of 'mons that got alola forms aren't necessarily from Kanto, unless they all outright state they are. ;)

Sinnoh is intertwined with the whole Aether stuff, see Type: null / silvally and a couple of books you can read in the labs.
Man, they need to just make a huge Pokémon game with all the regions together. 
No. Gen 1 already got remade, it has a direct sequel in gen 2, there's no point in going back to that gen. I am so sick of how Pokemon keeps focusing on it. 

Also just because it has references to gen 1 doesn't mean there's going to be a remake. EVERY gen references gen 1! In fact let me make a list of a few Gen 6 references to gen 1.

* The layout of Santalune forest is almost an exact copy of Viridian forest

* Professor Sycamore gives the player Gen 1 starters, which have new mega evolutions (Charizard getting two, one of the only two Pokemon in existence to have mave more than one mega evolution, the other being Mewtwo another Kanto Pokemon)

* The "Shorts are comfy and easy to wear!" kid comes back

* Tons of NPC's referencing people in Kanto or mentioning how they're from Kanto

* The sleeping Snorlaxes that have to be woken up with the Pokeflute

* Mewtwo can be found in "The Unknown Dungeon" which was what Cerulean cave was called in Gen 1

The point is that this is Pokemon's 20th anniversary, of course they're going to make a few references to the first games. They're not going to remake a Gen that simply doesn't need another remake. 
If the Switch version rumors are anything to go by then they'll be getting that ready as a launch title?
I hope its D/P remake and not R/B/Y cause I'm kinda burned out on Gen 1 thanks to Pokemon Go 
I think it's just Nintendo cashing in on nostalgia for the 20th anniversary, and what is basically a series reboot. A Kanto reboot would be great, but I'm more wanting to know what sequel to Sun and Moon we will see.

Personally, I'd like Sun 2 and Moon 2 with a continuation of the story and maybe a trip to Kanto to help Lillie.
Can someone help me understand? Before ORAS, where there references on x&y for that remake?
Crap, I literally just posted this without seeing you had first. But at least I'm not the only one!
I think that the rumored sequel game coming to Switch will have a Kanto end game. You'll finish Alola trials, become champion, and then visit Kanto. You'll find Lillie became the most powerful trainer and challenge her as the elite four champion of Kanto. You'll get your gym badges and have the classic Pokémon feel mixed with all the new. I think this would work quite well. 
You're reading too much into it.

The Kanto references is because of all the Pokemon GO/20th Anniversary/RBY VC on the 3DS players.

The real life player "themselves" probably haven't played since Kanto and they are "moving" to Alola... as a new beginning and bringing them back into the Pokemon Universe again.

SUMO being the most pre-ordered pokemon game ever isn't a coincidence, and it'a a great game, but the real reason is because of all the marketing for all the reasons stated above.

If they remake Gen 1 before 4 and 5 and 6, there will be riots in the streets.
I really believe we'll be getting a new game set in Kanto in the near future, possibly on the Nintendo Switch. Based on what I saw in the games, it seems much more likely that we'll get a game set in Kanto prominently featuring characters from Sun and Moon as well as a completely brand new story. My guess is that Lillie will become either a Pokemon Professor or Champion of the Kanto league. I would be ecstatic to see a game in the Kanto region with many updated towns, battles, characters, plot lines and Pokemon. With all the set up they did in these games, it will feel like a very natural progression for the games. Color my HYPED
If we're assuming S/M take place in the same timeline as HG/SS, Brock cannot be Hau's father, he's just too young.

Brock is a teenager in HG/SS and based on appearance I'd assume between the age of 16-18 but for the sake of math we'll just use 18. There appears to be about 8 years between HG/SS and S/M because Red appears to be about 20 years old and he was 12 in HG/SS. So that puts Brock at 26 years of age. Hau is 11 years old. 26-11=15. So that would mean Brock would have knocked up a girl between the age of 14-15 years old and I don't see GameFreak doing something like that in a kids game. 

The only way realistic way Brock can be Hau's father is if XYORASSM take place in a different timeline and we are getting a Kanto reboot. 

I think it's more probably that Bruno is Hau's father. 
I could see a Kanto reboot being next. Logically D/P are the next games to get remakes but FRLG are far more outdated than DPP are. We're at a turning point for remakes that hasn't happened before. The next generation in line for a remake is actually newer than the original remake. So is GF going to continue down the line by generation or remake a remake. 
It'd be cool if instead of a remake it is a whole new story but in kanto. That could be what actually happens. Like instead of playing as ashe or whatever it is just an all new character. There also was someone in Sun/Moon that said Team Rocket is dead. The story in a new one could be a new evil team has taken its place or something like that.
If they do remake them again, I really hope they throw us 20 year veterans a bone and include a hard mode.
Oh, yeah they're definitely hinting at a remake, and not just jerking off all of the genwunners since it's the 20th anniversary.
Can we maybe stop demanding remakes of old games you can't let go because you wish you were still 10, and just let GF focus on new things? 
Id much prefer a DP remake instead
I hope that if they are doing a Kanto game, it's a *new* Kanto game and not just a R/B/Y/FR/LG remake. 

Like, how about a new story, new protag, new gyms, more cities and towns, and it's set at the same time as Sun/Moon (which is what, 15 years after R/B?). 
I kind of assumed instead of a second game in Gen 7 other than remakes we might get a Kanto expansion for Su/Mo
I'm just hoping that one day they'll remake Silver with current or future gen graphics. Silver was my first pokemon game and my only one for a long time. Played it though so many times. And surely it has the most detailed 'post game' of any game ever? Kinda surprised its the only gen that let you go back to a previous region after beating the game.
Sinnoh has a ton of problems, that a remake could definitely fix. 

The story is eh, compared to what we are now used to with BW(1-2) and SuMo. 
The engine is slow. its FPS is actually lower than FRLG. thats right, its actually slower frame wise than a GBA game. 
The pokemon available werent that great. By that I mean, that after a first playthru, everyone had their preferred teams, and unless they were challenging themselves would set that team. 

Encounter rates. Walk thru three patches of grass and you will run into a pokemon, which leads to my next point. 

Leveling. Sun and Moon proves that GF is conscious about leveling of wild pokemon and trainers. There are trainers and pokemon as close as 4 levels behind you for the majority of the game. And that is with EXP Share on. For the first time in over a decade, the trainers are actually on par with the MC, and pose a threat. 


Lets compare that to Kanto. 
RBG and Y were released on virtual console this year. If they were going to release a remake, marketwise, they would not have done that. Why pay 40-50 dollars for a game when you can get the same thing, basically for what 10? 

Red blue and green already had a remake that fixed most of its issues. The glitches were gone, there was a postgame, and the pokemon were updated. 

In many ways, Kanto shouldnt be the next remake. There is already a kanto game on the 3ds. While yes there are references to Kanto throughout the Alola Region, there are also references to other regions, plus cameos. So what Red and Blue appear? Grimsley, Corless, Anabel, Dieno and Sia (sp?), cynthia, wally, and more. Shoot, every gen has throwbacks to Kanto. It is not enough for me to agree with you, especially since this was the 20th anniversary game
Really?  Gen 4 was set up greatly for a remake.  If you read the bookshelves in the dimensional research lab, you can see that the timespace legends are connected to ultra wormholes and the ultra dimension.
tbh Kanto has been getting to much love lately

I mean, I get it, its the 20th anniversary, most pokemon fans nowadays have a lot of nostalgia for gen 1, but some I would love to see some other regions get some love for a change
It's more unlikely to assume GameFreak will break from tradition. It's possible, but by definitino unlikely. Just because they broke from tradition once or twice with B2W2 and no Z version, doesn't mean they are totally unpredictable. 

That being said, honestly, I'm a little worried about remakes now. HGSS was great, but ORAS was very dumbed down compared to RSE. It was stupidly easy, and strong Pokemon were just handed to you, Sky Pillar was a joke, etc. 

Gen VII has introduced more challenging and fun gameplay so that keeps me hopeful. 

Like others have said, a sequel type game in a previous region rather than a remake is better in my opinion, with some mechanics from SuMo. 


I really want Sinnoh remakes but I would love a Kanto sequel. 

The timeline goes like this, I believe:

(LG/FR-OR/AS)--3 yrs-->(D/P/Pt-HG/SS)--? yrs-->(B/W)--2 yrs-->(B2/W2-XY)--? yrs-->(S/M)

We are farthest from the original games than ever before ~~because that's how time works~~ so it would be great if we get a Kanto sequel that takes place at the same time as S/M. Maybe we start on the Sevii Islands and they have created their own Island challenge.

But I feel like we need a Sinnoh remake before a Kanto sequel. cJust because more people want Sinnoh.
I'm pretty sure that if we do get another Kanto game, it will be a Sun/Moon sequel instead of a remake.This might just be because I really want Lillie to come back.
Meanwhile I've just got my fingers crossed for another Johto remake. Would love to relive that in 3D.
Another Kanto remake no. Let's face it, stories have grown in complexity and the original Gen I plot is too plain now to repeat one more time.

If we talk about a game in Kanto, but situated several years later, maybe parallel or after SM plot, then I'm in. I'd love to see Kanto with a new face -and Johto too-!
What if in Sun and Moon 2, it's going to be like Gold / Silver. Complete Aloha with the new Kahunas and captains, and then find that there's another area to explore! 

o..0 What if the League becomes a Tri Cup, Kanto, Johto, Aloha. Some think that they are just going to focus on making games for the Switch next though :(
I personally don't see us getting a Kanto remake anytime soon, but one thing you left out that no one has mentioned (from what I can tell), is that there's also a photo of the Kanto Power Plant rendered in 3D in the Geothermal Power Plant. Granted, it's right next to a photo of the Kalos Power Plant, so it probably doesn't mean anything, but seeing the Rock Tunnel area depicted in 3D really made me want to see the whole region like that.
There was a Machamp in the demo, which looks like the adult version of Machop who tries to build something in Vermillion City.
I mentioned something like this before [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5f40yx/who_wishes_there_were_more_alolan_forms/dai9h85/). Another point you might want to add to your list is that it's impossible to breed Kanto forms in Alola. Even if you breed to Kanto Digletts with each other, their offspring will always be Alolan form. I don't think that it's planned to keep Kanto forms unobtainable in Gen 7 so a solution could be Kanto remakes. 
I think that there's defiantly going to be Kanto remakes, but I think a Sun/Moon 2 is going to happen first. There are many buildings under construction across the region, which I think will become gyms in the next game.
No, we get sequels to sun and moon that take place in Kanto 
Can I ask for a sequel to Sun/Moon that takes place in both Kanto and Sinnoh? Do the ultra beast tie-in in Sinnoh with Palkia, Dialga, Giratina, Arceus, and wormholes and such.

Maybe a sequel that takes place a few years down the line and Lillie is the champion in Kanto or something like that. I think that'd be pretty fresh.
I hope to god no. I've had enough of Kanto, let's move on already.
Better than a Kanto remake would be a Kanto sequel where we can travel between Kanto, Johto and Alola. Everyone follows the age increase of Red and Green, and we discover that Leaf was the one who took Lillie under her wing. And more Ultra Beasts came out there as well. Some Gym leaders could've retired as well and replaced, like Blaine. 
There are around 84 Kanto pokemon found in Alola, more the twice that of any other region (except Alola iteself) I doubt it'll get remade.
Only problem is that Kanto is a step into the wrong direction IF they try to make a remake of it. Honestly, I wouldn't mind if they improved the story and try to stray away from the generic playstyle of Pokemon like S&M did. I'm quite hooked on Island trials but if they do their equivelent for Kanto and have a better set up vilian I may actually pay for it. To be fair, I feel somewhat the same with D/P. I just hope they revamp it and make it just as interesting and unique as S&M. Though, unlike Kanto, Sinnoh is somewhat more flexible so I guess that's a good reason  for a remake on that than Kanto. 
I think it's mainly because it's the 20th anniversary. If we're getting anything in the next two or three years, it's Sinnoh remakes. They hinted quite heavily towards Sinnoh too, and it *is* the next in line for a remake.
So basically tons of references for the purpose of kanto fanboys buying their stuff = sequel?
If they do want to revisit Kanto, I rather it be a Gold/Silver remake, but with a start in Kanto. Hell, I've mentioned it before, let Gen 1 and Gen 2 be merged into one game, and you can start either in Kanto or Johto. Also completely overhaul the story, or better yet, make a sequel to those games. We don't really need to revisit the story, just the region. Maybe new mascot legendaries, and storylines dealing with existing legendaries like Mewtwo and the birds.
if DPP gets shafted for gen 1 circlejerking...................................................................................................................
Kanto remakes but replace Sevii Islands with Sinnoh.
>Hau seems to be Brock's son.

Borck finally was successful in getting a girlfriend? Now wouldn't that be a story and a half...
I do see the fact that it's pointing at kanto, but I also see a lot of references to gen 2 and 4, and we are definitely getting a gen 4 remake at least. I wonder if they are going to give us other remakes as well.
Well, at least we finally got the answer to who was champion before Blue.
I hope we get sequels rather than remakes. Maybe it features a new protagonist who moves from Alola and the older versions of Red and Blue appear to show that time has passed. In fact, every one is older. Team Rocket could resurface as the villainous team and perhaps Mew and/or Mewtwo could play a bigger role.
Wouldn't Lillie having her journey in Kanto point to SM sequels set in Kanto instead of another remake, though?

I'm confused why some people want another Kanto remake.
See, people are discussing what remake would be better, RBY? GSC? DPP? Everyone wants one from various reasons. 
How is GameFreak now unpredictable? 
ALL - IN REMAKE. 
A full 3D remake of Kanto, Johto, Sinnoh and Unova. 
And since XY and ORAS are no longer compatible, I'd say we can see some Kalos and Hoenn influences. 
Please no more Kanto remakes. No more.
While I doubt there will be another Kanto remake I do believe that it will show up in the Nintendo Switch version of sun and moon like how kanto was in silver and gold. 
I felt like I might fight Lance or his son when he was mentioned before you fight the Elite 4.
I don't think we'll get a Kanto remake, more of a reimagining. Like Sun and Moon part 2 in Kanto, but following a new characters storyline.
Well. Maybe Pokemon Stars will be a dual region game
Not to mention the Train On video posted by Pokémon depicts a child (the protagonist) traveling to alola, making friends with hau, and then leaving back to (supposedly Kanto) at the end. 
Frankly, I think its less pointing to a remake, and more towards that Kanto is going to be in the spotlight again.

I think including Colress is way more of an indication that DPP are getting remade
I don't think that we're gonna get a Kanto remake, however, I think it very possible that there will be a 3rd version of Sun and Moon that would either be a sequel to it  *OR* the same as Sun and Moon with extra content AND a post-game plot and story involving Lillie and Lusamine, UBs and Mohn in the Kanto region. 

Also, for a DPPT remake, they could easily incorporate the Aether Foundation somewhere in Sinnoh as both S/M and DPPT has a their plot revolved around space and alternate dimensions where they could also expand on the ME universe and the non-ME universe as well as UBs.
I don't really want a remake so much as a new adventure through Kanto and maybe also Johto. I have played through the original games waaaayyyy too many times xD
I believe the next game will be either DP Remakes, Kanto Remakes, Alola 2, or Alola with Kalos.
This is what I was afraid of. They'll just straight up ignore Sinnoh and start remaking Kanto and Johto. Then get around to Sinnoh after gen 8. Sigh. It would make sense with the move to a new platform though (Switch,) seeing those nostalgic worlds in an entirely new way would be great. 
Idk about Hau being Brock's son. Seems weird especially since he's such a presence in the tv show, I could see him maybe being the karate gym leader's son Saffron maybe? Only because the character is so undefined. Even Bruno might make more sense.
I'd rather if a third Sun/Moon game comes out that we get Kanto in the post game. That way we can travel with Lillie as she becomes a Pokemon trainer.
they also allude to Sinnoh and Unova, Colress and Grimsley out of nowhere, right?
If there are new Kanto games, they won't be remakes, I reckon they will be sequels, and when you reach the top of the Indigo Plateau who is the champion waiting for you? LILLIE.
I think it would be awesome to have a future version of Kanto.
I don't think its a REMAKE but its going to be the next game and they will show how kanto has changed and continue the story from where Sun & Moon left off and we will also get a D/P remake as well. 
The idea of going to a ten years later version of the Kanto region on the next game sounds like an awesome idea. The very first game redesigned into Gen 7 graphics would be the best idea gamefreak could ever think of.
I could imagine that we get a D/P reamke where we are also able to visit Kanto. 

Just like  we were able to go to kanto in heartgold/soulsilver.
I'd be more interested in a new Kanto storyline rather than another remake. 
I have to admit I'd definitely approve of a sequel to sun and moon like black/white 2 games, but this time taking place in between Kanto and alola regions
Hau being Brock's son would make the anime pretty weird.

I'm not so much leaning towards a remake, as a true sequel. Red and Blue have grown up, and Kanto has changed since they were young trainers. A completely updated Kanto would be cool.
My opinion is with the series going to the switch Game Freak will have more resources than they've ever had for their game. I think this is more of a hint at multi region games than a remake.  

With SuMo they gave us the same game that's set 12 hours apart. Now imagine if the next set of games takes place across two regions with each game starting in separate regions and the starting region for one game is the endgame region for the other. It would fit with game freak trying new and original ideas and would honestly be a great new way to separate the two versions. 

A man can dream. 
An NPC in one of the Pokemon centers mentions that Bill created the PC system. 

There's also an NPC at the Aether foundation that says the conservation area is in direct contrast to the Safari Zone in Fuschia. 
I could see that happening. With how much the Pokemon Company's been appealing to Kanto nostalgia over the past two generations, they could very well decide to go all the way and just re-remake Kanto.

I'm surprised they haven't done it already, if I'm being honest.
I think we are going to Kanto, but not in a remake. I feel like we'll manta in some degree of timeline since we know X/Y share the same timeline as Sun/Moon dince Sina and Dexio show up. My guess is that it'll be a Gold/Silver where we start in Kanto, get to the Champ and it's Lillie and she mentions Alola and we come do that stuff post game.

And for the heck of it, Gladion or Hau are the Alolan champ as our character is vacationing in Sinnoh on recommendation from Cynthia.
This would be a really good opening for something I've long wished they would do with some older region or another. Take the same setting, but instead of remaking it, create an entirely different story that takes place in it. Let's fuck up Kanto a little! Maybe some cities expanded, maybe people tried to settle on Cinnabar Island again, maybe a bunch of Pokemon from other regions started migrating into Kanto ala B2/W2. 
TBH I would like it better if you could go to Kanto in the post game of Pokémon Stars
I want a new Kanto game, but I don't want a new Red/Green game, if that makes any sense. I'm excited for the likely Sinnoh remakes, though.
I feel like Kanto remakes are feasible, but they'll do it differently; these games will take place after S/M, so they will also take place in a different time in Kanto; some time after G/S/C. Red and Blue appear to be young adults now, maybe late 20s, so I would say at least 15 years have passed since R/B/Y.

Speaking of which, you can also mention that you meet Red and Blue the first time you go to the Battle Tree and then battle one of them.
I feel like a lot of the Kanto References are because of 20th aniv as well.

That being said I most definitely see this possible. Though I see the best way for them to do this in stars is having all of Kanto be post-game much like in Gen 2 and maybe even having Sun play the role Red did in GSC, with Hau being the new Alola Champion, and Lillie maybe being Kanto Champion?
I love Gen 1 and I loved FRLG but holy shit we've been to Kanto 4 times already. Sinnoh is more deserving of a remake than Kanto is.
How about a Diamond/Pearl remake with the option of exploring Kanto in the postgame? Add a Battle Frontier plus a dozen previous Gen Legendaries and this is going to be the most complete Pokemon game ever since Gold/Silver.
I've never seen anyone suggest this as a possibility, but it's something I thought of while playing the game and noticing the hints towards either a Kanto remake or a Sinnoh remake: What if instead of remaking Diamond and Pearl or Red and Blue/Green, Game Freak remakes Platinum and Yellow? That would there would still be two games, but they could remake both gens at once. I know the whole thing would be a lot for them and I'm not actually expecting this, but it's just a thought.
Also, the last time the player moved from Kanto was R/S. What sit we get next? Fr/Lg.
Please no. As much as I loved FireRed and LeafGreen, I'd kill for Diamond and Pearl remakes.
Im still dying for a game where we get to fight through multiple regions again, I hope if they do remake the kanto region, they also allow another region in that game
I wouldnt say Kanto Remake and more of another Kanto sequel, maybe the region north of kanto that could link it to sinnoh and we have the best of both worlds?
I was really getting this vibe too and I'm sad because I wanted Sinnoh remakes so bad...
What if they just dlc added all of kanto to SuMo.
it's gonna be DPPt
My guess is because it is the 20 year anniversary of the franchise, so this is just the video games way of giving a nod to where the franchise all started. The card game just did this with the Evolutions set. 
But they gave us the original rby games on eshop, which can transfer to sm. So why would the hurt that by making another set of remakes right now. 
Possibility that the "switch" behind the poster is a dual reference to Kanto and the Nintendo Switch? "Main series" game releasing for console, or one for console one for handheld the way Sm4sh did?
I have a feeling that they wouldn't do a Kanto remake so much as another game set in Kanto but in the current timeline. The biggest support for this is how Red & Blue are shown to be a good 10-20 years older in their Alola appearance. I think there could be a game about being the trainer that tries to follow in Red's footsteps, showing the ways the Kanto region has evolved since then. Plus, they could even show Lillie and her mother if they end up staying there for good, just like how we get characters from previous regions make cameo appearances in newer games.
I just want a modern day sprite based Pokémon game.
I hope if they go back to Kanto it's a re-imagining rather than a remake. Have red be there as a champion, have blue be the professor taking over for gramps who is off vacationing with his cousin. I'd love to see a familiar region done with a completely new story.
I assume that S/M will feature a way to kanto in the future, like a little addon added later to the game.
You're forgetting there are also plenty of references to the other regions as well.  
I wish we could get DLC content where we are able to travel to previous generation regions. Like within a few months, we can travel to Kanto and get the same type of nostalgia/references there that we do in Alola. Then several months later, we can travel to Johto... etc.
See that's why i think they are going to do two things. A remake of Gen 1 for Gen 6/7 called Pokemon Origins and a Sequel to Sun and Moon (and Technically 'Origins') where we play Lillie's journey through Kanto.

This does several unpredictable things that Gamefreak likes to do. Go past the Gen IV sequel rumours. Do a Gen 1 remake at the same time do a sequel to not only Gen 7 but technically Gen 1&2. Also for the first time the Lillie Sequel will have a talking protagonist. Hell they can go all out. What if Johto is included in both games. Johto as an after story for the remake while it is a part of Lillie's sequel as Kanto and Johto have merged leagues or some shit over time.

This is coming from someone who hates Johto and doesn't really care for Kanto but the potential is there for Gamefreak to absolutely blow our minds away.

Not to say a Gen IV remake wouldn't be bad or anything (Platinum's Cyrus finding his way from the Distortion World, through a UB's portal and uses UB's or whatever to try and tackle Arceus... some crazy plot like that). 

More importantly whatever they do they better bloody fix the UI, whoever thought S&M's UI was a good idea needs to be fired when ORAS had nearly perfected it. 
I don't mind if we get a Kanto re-remake before a Sinnoh remake. Or the other way around. 

imo, Kanto is a really bland region (even in HGSS). They should remodel some cities and routes while still keeping the familiar layout.
I don't think they'll make another Kanto remake. If anything, I think that if the rumors about Pokemon Stars on the Switch are true, then we might get another Kanto endgame, though.
I would love to see not a remake, but a new game in the series that takes place in a future Kanto. We haven't been to Kanto in almost 20 years. It would be cool to see a modern Kanto, and maybe even see some Pokemon from other regions that have migrated to the Kanto region.

Kanto versions of Alola (or other) Pokemon, anyone?
I think it's just some details for the old fans, you know, the 20th anniversary of Pokémon and those things
i feel like DLC will never happen with Pokémon. They can make money with two versions of the same game with minor differences. 
Great post, for me I wouldn't mind not so much a Kanto remake and more so a Kanto endgame in the decide to make a SuMo spinoff (think Emerald to Ruby Sapphire). Basically instead of introducing catching the Ultra Beast and the aftergame, instead we travel to Kanta after the Elite Four and face the Gym Leaders there. Kind of like HgSs in way.
>Hau is Brock's son.

>Demo suggests PC is Ash's son.

>IT ALL COMES TOGETHER.
I think we'll get re-makes of Kanto but not remakes like how all the other re-makes have been. I think that we'll play as Lillie. OR Kukui when he was a pokemon trainer?
I think we'll be going back to Kanto, but not with remakes as Red and Blue are both in the game. I think we'll be getting a new game set in Kanto that is a lot more story driven like Sun and Moon. Wouldn't even be surprised to see new pokemon included in Kanto.
Whenever we get 'complete' remakes, so far there has only been 1 gen for each of the consoles.

E.g.
Red/ blue = GBA
Gold/ silver = NDS
Ruby/ Sapphire = 3DS

So I doubt that it will come out any time soon. If it does, it might be on a new console. I hope that I'm wrong about it though.
I think that Sun and Moon is setting up a longer plot that is drawn out over multiple games and we will be getting a new Kanto game for Switch that follows up on Lillie 
So, I'm definitely not a Gen Wunner, but part way through SM, I realize I might be... my party was: 

* Decidueye

* Slowpoke

* Magneton

* Machoke

* Kadabra

* Growlithe

I ended with 

* Decidueye

* Slowking

* Magnezone

* Machamp

* Alakazam

* Arcanine
I would love another Kanto remake especially if they added in something I've wanted for a while, some type of hard mode.
I'm guessing Kanto DLC for Sun/Moon. With how capable DS games are now, Kanto as a stand alone game would be terribly underwhelming. 
But I guess we will wait for Sinnoh remakes, too.
I randomly thought "Sinnoh Confirmed" when I was in Burnet's place because on of the books was specifically about it. Though another remake of Kanto would be okay, maybe. Or something with Lillie being the protag for a 'sequal' of Sun/Moon.  OR WHAT WOULD BE REALLY GREAT. is if they made a third Sun/Moon game, you beat that, then you unlock the ability to go to Kanto and play as Lillie and her journey.
I would like to see Kanto in this new, scaled-up world with cars and shit. Though I think sequels would be much more fitting. It just would seem wrong for yet another remake of the same story most all of us have played several times over.
Lusamine's family isn't from Kanto.
God I hope Gamefreak stops making remakes and starts doing multiple regions per generation or something, which would be way more interesting imo.
Sinnoh is north of Kanto....Kanto game, with Sinnoh post-game?
No, Kanto sequels. Red and Blue are in Sun and Moon. We are either getting a Sinnoh remake or a Kanto sequel.
Except there's also a ton of Unova references. Colress and Burnet for starters.
If this happens I hope they give us kanto formes to compensate for all the Alolan formes going to gen 1 pokemon
i thought it was hinting towards a kanto sequel
I would say it's a possibility since FRLG were made to "update" Gen1. There's even more reason to update it now with full 3d models. 

And IF the Stars rumors are true, there's be plenty of incentive to remake Gen1 for a home console (or the Pokemon Rainbow we used think would happen...I can dream)
I expect a new game in Kanto before another Kanto remake.
Could be a throwback reference to the fact that we did receive Gen 1 games on virtual console, because at the same time there's a lot of info that exists also relating to Sinnoh making a comeback, perhaps most notably the existence of the 3 space orbs for sale with the red and blue orbs at the Hau'Oli mall
If we ever go back to Kanto or Johto in the future, I'd prefer to see sequels to HG/SS.
Maybe the D/P remakes will have Kanto and Sinnoh like SS/HG did with Johto and Kanto.
I kinda want a continuation of the story honestly, which in pokemon can't really happen unless they add it onto this game, otherwise you'd start out as a different trainer, and just cross paths with Lillie, rather than continuing on as her friend already. Obviously gamefreak doesn't like DLC since they quickly dismissed the battle frontier idea in ORAS, plus with the games the size they are, it'd be really hard to just have a DLC for kanto (imagine the size of the DLC?). I think the best hopes would be a 3rd story game that just includes Kanto in it, but has a similar story arc to BW2, with Lusamine just continuing to be a prick even after being healed, and you're a new trainer again.
When you go into the gamefreak office, I can't remember  which island. Dosent the guy ask what you prefer red, blue, yellow, green or something along those lines ?
Next game will probably be on switch which gives us a great chance at seeing a multi region experience where you will instead of swarms or including newer pokemon in older regions actually have to bounce from region to region completing pokemon leagues where transferring pokemon between regions would be locked until you complete that regions pokemon league but would then gain access to everything youve caught in all the other regions. Yeah there will be some crossover pokemon but nothing that didnt come in the original games dex.
Even better, when you go to the Game Freak building ingame. A scientist asks you what color would you pick if they were asking a game, if you picked yellow he will say

"Pi, pi pi pikachu!"

Which is really cool. And there were other colors to pick like red, blue and green (the original pokemon games!)

P.S: I forgot what he would say in the other colors, if anyone could tell me that would be very much appreciated.
I don't want a remake, I want a new story for kanto and jhoto
So every time a Pokemon game references a region that isn't the region it takes place in it is hinting at a game? Seriously. The fact that it *kinda* happened in the past doesn't mean that it can't just be your normal average run of the mill world building this time around.
I can see either Kanto or Sinnoh remakes at this point. Firered/Leafgreen make Kanto the oldest generation while Sinnoh is the oldest without a remake.

Im still hoping for a Sinnoh remake. Give Kanto a new console at least xD.
you do know that dexio and Sina ( the Kalos tourists) are Professor Sycamores assistants right?
If Stars was a pokemon game where you got to start in a region of your choice, complete with its own story, and had to go to each other region to fix what happened in their regions, that would be fun.  And one heck of a pokemon journey

Maybe in the Switch version, we'll be able to go to Kanto.
Yeah, with all the set up for Stars of the empty lots and stuff im wondering if they will pull a Pokemon Crystal on us and let us go to Kanto in it. Cause everything seems to be tailored. Like what if in stars Hau is the first gym leader on gyms that are built in those empty lots throughout Sun/Moon, Gladion is the alolan champion, you can go to Kanto after the game  like in crystal and Lillie is the champion there. Then your Sun/Moon char is tucked away in their hometown with a super team kinda like Red in crystal.

I mean i highly doubt it but the set up is for sure there haha
Not sure if anyone mentioned it yet, but the fact that you can directly transfer from Virtual Console R/B/Y to Sun/Moon via PokeTransporter/Bank is a huge hint. Transferring from Gen I to Gen VII without everything else in between is a nice "going full circle" moment.
Something that could happen might not be a remake of gen 1 again but maybe like a continuation of the sun and moon story into kanto. That would be super cool if it did happen. 
I hope we have a full remake of Kanto. I loved it as a good and have never played a remake before... Would just like some modern elements included like character customization and exp share.
I indescribably want a Red/Blue remake on this engine. IMO, a new game that takes place in Kanto with the same gyms but with differences from the original would be even better.
I don't want Kanto remakes, I want Kanto sequel that's not half assed like Johto
Pokemon yellow is the only remake left we really need. 
Fighting Red and Blue near the tree at the end.
I think these are here because of the huge resurgence of old Pokemon players that have come in since X and Y.  Most of the older players returning were fans of the first generation and Game Freak probably wanted to appeal to them the most.  Based on the story it seems more likely to get a D/P remake since the story hints towards it, and since D/P is next on the list for a remake.
Kanto remake remakes when? 
i am 99% sure lillie is from Sinnoh. Maybe even 100%.
If they go back to Kanto do you think they'll remake Saffron and Celadon? For cities that are supposed to represent Tokyo they are rather...small compared to Castelia and Lumiose.
What if we didn't get a remake of gen 1 but instead it was a totally new game, just in Kanto again but this time with Lillie and new pokemon that have been brought over from other regions  (Alola, Johto, etc.) With a new story 
Whatever game they make next even if it's a remake will be a sale from me and probably most of you
Gen 4 is next up for a remake.
Nice compilation, but I feel there are way more DPPt references. But hey, maybe Stars will have Kanto as a region and then we'll get DPPt remakes as well. A man can dream, right?
its because of the 20th anniversary nostalgia and for the older players bought back to the series by Go
When Lillie went to Kanto it kinda made me think that Kanto, or at least part of it, could be a DLC. Seems like something quite unnecessary to add to the story otherwise, and Hau showed a lot of eagerness to go there too.
The title alone gives me this:

We are getting a remake of a remake.
Why does everyone think it's a remake and not a sequel? I'm sure Kanto has gone through a lot of changes. I'd be excited to see them.
R2/B2 incoming!
It's possible they are planning on remaking it, but I wouldn't say it will be next, or even soon. If they had a Gen 1 remake planned, now would've been the time to release it, seeing as it's the 20th anniversary and PoGo hype has made Pokemon nostalgia popular again. I wouldn't be surprised if they remade it at some point, but it would probably be for the Switch/Nintendo's next handheld/both and might come out on the 25th anniversary instead.
>Kukui has been to Kanto during his Trainer carreer. He mentions fighting the gym leaders and Lance almost beating him (which would make him Champ of the Indigo League sometime before the Red/Blue story).

I don't think Lance 'almost' beat him, I think Lance outright beat him? He'd be pretty known in Kanto otherwise, and seeing as how Kukui also never became either an island captain and still has his ambitions to become Champion in post-game, I think it's safe to say that he's only just _very close_ to the champion title but never got it
When lillie decided to go to Kanto and meet Bill, I immediately think that there is going to be a DLC for Kantor lol..
Fire red 2 / Leaf green 2 Perhaps?
I don't think it will be a remake, I think it will be a sequel post Gold/Silver. Using that setup would be enough to justify the massive amount of map changes that Kanto would have to go through for Sun and Moon's engine.
I see a lot of talks of remakes, but what about just continuations? Like a Kanto story that takes place after Sun and Moon? I think that Game Freak may become more clever as they make more Pokemon games, instead of either remaking an old game or creating an entirely new region they can do sequels ala BW2. I personally didn't like BW-BW2 but I think the idea would be better with more time between the games. 
there was already Fire red and Leaf green. I dont think they will go back there this soon
As much I would like Kanto remakes, it doesn't seem very plausible because of FireRed and LeafGreen. I think all the kanto references are just celebrating the 20th and all the nostalgia brought back by GO.  
I thought Brock's dad was Flint, no?
if you look at the games in release order, then FRLG is the next set of games that haven't been remade yet. remake of a remake, but still makes sense to me given all the Kanto name drops in Sun and Moon.
Return to Kanto DLC
Save this post, star it, put a remind me on it or whatever but: the next game is gonna be a "third" in the series to Sun and Moon named Space where it includes a more fleshed out Ultra Space and after you beat the game, there is another post game in Kanto like there was in Gen 2. Then the game after that will be a Gen 4 remake. 
If I was to take a stab at this, I'd say all the dimensions and ultra beasts tie into Pearl/Plat pretty nicely. We're likely to see those remakes first.

I think once thats done, probably part of this generation itll be a full circle. Probably tie in a bunch of regions starting with Kanto in some unique way. We still haven't seen two regions like with Johto/Kanto
I sincerely hope we see some closure for Lillie, her mom, and their father who we decide not to mention ONCE to them. 
They won't be remakes they will be a continuation of the current nerative that takes place in kant and ends in alola
>Kukui has been to Kanto during his Trainer carreer. He mentions fighting the gym leaders and Lance almost beating him (which would make him Champ of the Indigo League sometime before the Red/Blue story).

But didn't Oak get an email at the start of RBYFrLg announcing the creation of the Kanto League? Isn't Kukui beating it then literally impossible?
In the aether place, an npc mentions that pc boxes were invented by "a guy named bill from kanto", if I recall..
I feel like maybe sun and moon was that "touch back to kanto"
It's just Gamefreak scratching that nostalgia itch. They just released them on virtual console with future capabilities to send your team to the current games, so I highly, highly doubt they plan on remaking them any time soon.
If they're going to do it, now would be the perfect time. Starting a new adventure, with Lillie as one of your rivals, with an updated Kanto. They can also use the amount of time passed to allow a bit more freedom when designing the world.
As much as I would like this, I don't think so. All of your points are indeed strong references to Kanto, but there were plenty in XY too, including the presence of the Legendary Birds and Mewtwo. SuMo had Nugget Bridge, well XY had a PokéFlute and Snorlax scene.
Since Red, Blue and Yellow have been released on the eShop, and will communicate with Bank (specifically for SuMo), then I think we can safely assume Kanto won't be remade this generation, if ever again.


I think it's more likely nostalgia pandering.
I hope not. I love kanto, but i never played diamond/pearl, and I really want them to get a remake.
can vaguely remember talking to an npc referencing another region (johto or hoenn)
Without getting into whether or not I agree, I will mention that one of the Aether Foundation employees mentions the Fuchsia City Safari Zone.
To be fair I don't know why everybody is expecting Gen IV remakes while diamond and pearl are still more up to date than leafgreen and firered. Edit: we did get the remakes and HGSS kanto so yeah I just silenced myself I guess
I can't be the only person who really doesn't want another remake considering I can play any of the games on my 3DS...
What if they make Kanto DLC where you go and battle the 8 gyms and the Indigo Plateau?  
I wouldn't mind a sequel set years after Red and Blue, but I don't think they need to be remade *again.*
i just want sinnoh confirmed
And the fact that Ash Greninja exists. 
I think there's going to be a sequel in Kanto.
I really do hope that we get a chance to meet and battle lillie in any gen 1 remakes or kanto region games we get in future.
The nods to Sinnoh make me think maybe not.

The description of the Gracidea flower by the person who gives it to you seems to hint towards another pokemon gaining a form from the item. Can't remember exact wording but something like "VARIOUS POKEMON" change their forms.


I really hope not; they should have just made Kanto post-game. What I want are Sinnoh remakes or some Johto love. Gold/Silver sequels would be bomb.
Hopefully not a remake, but a new game in that region.
I think any remake to happen will be DP soley because I assume Game Freak are going in order, Gen 1 had a remake on GBA, Gen 2 had a remake on ds and guess what gen 3 was the next remake. 

Logically I would say Gen 4 is a contender then Unova and then maybe Gamefreak will proceed to remake Gen 1 again and Gen2 and bring them up to the newer specs. 

I would like to see them maybe combined Gen 1 and 2 together in some way. Maybe having you not play as [Red] / [Gold]. 
God I hope not. Kanto is fucking boring.
Fuck this Kanto garbage, literally it's dead, fuckin' kill it
I've been saying since before the games came out and we had this much potential evidence that I think they're coming soon. Throw all this on top of it, and I think it's very likely, and I'd love to see that!
no, they're just appealing to genwunners and the 20th anniversary. there are also plenty of references to sinnoh so SINNOH CONFIRMED
The civil war of whether we'll get Kanto or Sinnoh remakes has begun. Stand with me my Sinnoh brothers, also fuck Kanto.
I legit just connected the Hau and Brock thing.
I think the next main game will be for the Switch and will have us playing in multiple regions. SuMo is the perfect tie-in for the story returning us to pretty much each previous region. Kanto and Sinnoh would be able to tie with this story perfectly, and having some more story with the International Police would easily tie in Hoenn, and really even Unova. I'll be happy whether it's a full game for Switch, Sinnoh remade, or Kanto remade!
I think you have so many people from all over the Pokemon world because Alola is a vacation spot, and if you've ever been to Hawaii you'll find that it is just full of people - both visitors and transplants - from all over the world. 

And I think the Kanto stuff is just for nostalgia for the 20th anniversary - if we get another remake this gen (likely will have to wait for the switch though), its probably going to be D/P/P. 

I hope for a mega-compilation one day, with all of the generations using the same engine - or hell, a mega game where you play through Kanto, then Johto, then Hoenn, then Sinnoh, etc etc etc throughout the game. But that seems like a fools dream! 
[Spoiler](/s "Datamines have confirmed Mew has its own Z-Move called Genesis Supernova") I think you are on the right track, but not all the way correct
What I think it will be is something similar to G/S/C/HG/SS with time differences, but we'll have Kanto and Alola instead of Johto and Kanto. We'll have Alola for the first part then go to Kanto during the 2nd part of the story, but it'll be a much different Kanto than R/B/G/Y/FR/LG
Edit: and there'll be a Diamond and Pearl remake after the other alola game.
I feel like it's telling us we're getting a Kanto sequel, with Lille as the main character, where we play as her as she helps her mother get back to normal with the help of Bill and then becomes a trainer, starting her journey in Kanto. It's not going to happen, mind you, but you don't know how much I want it to.
I would love to go back to Kanto again. They do this, even if its a switch exclusive you bet your ass I'd buy one just for that. 
I'm still waiting for the Sun and Moon remake where they add a more legitimate post game.
I agree with this. I personally believe that Sun&Moon are going to be 2 part, like Black and White. It even talks about going to visit Lillie at the end. Plus, the first two games were two part, then we had R/S/E, then Red/Green remake, then diamond/pearl, SS/HG remake, BW & BW2, XY, ORAS remake and now Sun & Moon. So let's say it follows the trend and we get another remake next... IMO, we are due for another 2-part game and Sun&Moon put SO MUCH out there about there being a continuation, possibly in Kanto, it is too much to just be for "nostalgia." Also, X&Y have REALLY been tied into Sun&Moon, as well as Kanto. If we got a 2nd part that tied all these three regions together, I literally think my head will explode. But honestly, there is so much stuff pointing in that direction it's really insane. I don't think it will be a Kanto remake, I personally think it will be a new adventure, but possibly based in Kanto as a continuation of the Sun&Moon timeline. Anyone else feel the same?
OH PLEASE NOT ANOTHER KANTO REMAKES!!!
I say that will be Gen 8. 

The theory going around now is that Sinnoh Remake will be the big bang and it all resets. Taking us all the way back to the Kanto region!

Or we will be getting some DLC packs or some part 2s because clearly they did not answer the it all comes together part of their story they tried to say they would do. ( I can't be the only one who thinks it did not all come together)
I think seeing Kanto and Johto in one new game would be cool, since Gen 3 is the only previous generation that has gotten a 3D remake. I don't even like Gen 1 or 2 that much but that's always been by thought process. 
I feel like a new game set in Kanto will be the route they would take in the end, and that would be a much better option than rehashing the same Red/Blue games. I'd love a game set in Kanto/Johto.
I'd rather they skip a remake and just do a different region entirely.

Or, go a step further and do an all-region sort of deal.

Instead of focusing on a single region, the game spans all known regions. There are a *ton* of ways that can be done in terms of story and gameplay, but I think that'd offer far much more potential than another bland remake or stuff we've already seen.
I wouldn't want a remake. What I would want would be a new game set in the Kanto region. 
We got gen 1 remakes between gen 3 and 4 so a gen 1 second remake would theoretically make more sense than a gen 4 remake! (Ok so kanto was in the gen 2 remakes but ignore that for a momebt)
kanto is not good
You know what will be better? A HGSS remake with Johto AND Kanto
I was saying this before these games came out speculating that Kanto would be post game via the SS Anne. Maybe for a third version?
I need you to tell me that I can leave the lookout if I want to
Pecking order maggots!
They're espurr's eyes. They're special eyes.
It is seriously so fast to hatch eggs with tauros charge though. Like SO fast. 
it's just like how riding a bike is faster than walkin in order games, taurus takes more "steps per second"
Yes, it is a bug. Bug/Water, to be more specific.
Yes, it's one of many changes in sun and moon. 
Yes and No. Both parent need to belong to the same Species. Males do also pass balls now when breeding with a Ditto, but you can't catch a Male Magikarp in a Beast Ball and then try to breed that with a female Pokeball Bagon and expect Beast Ball Bagon. That doesn't work. Ditto will not pass down balls either.
/r/stunfisk
There are so many guides on YouTube.
Take time to research teams, Serebii,  will help you a bit and r/stunfisk will help you find some info as well 
Test them out on Pokemon Showdown so you don't waste your time breeding something that doesn't work. Once you have your team picked out,  Breeding, [this](http://www.idigitaltimes.com/pokemon-sun-and-moon-breeding-guide-everything-you-need-customize-your-perfect-569271) will help you understand everything from IVs to natures, egg moves, and egg groups. To make things faster, get a 6IV ditto, you can try your luck and hope you catch a giveaway on r/breedingdittos try or trade for one on r/pokemonplaza or IV chain for at least a 4iv one [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5eahum/how_to_chain_for_iv_dittos/) best guide I've seen on catching high IV dittos, and a level 24+ meowth with pick up ability has a chance of picking up destiny knots which you'll need to pass down ivs, or buy one for BP at the Battle tree. You have to make sure you have a well rounded team with good IVs and EV train them everyone now has near perfect IV (if not perfect) pokemon and EV trained, so you need to do the same if not better, use items that are available to you don't waste that hold slot, leftovers, quick claw, z crystals, red card, arceus plates, dragon fang, BERRIES, anything to give you a boost in battle [Serebii](http://www.serebii.net/sunmoon/items.shtml) has a list of items and where to obtain them... might have to grind for BP to get better battle items. Dont be afraid to use Status moves, slow them down with T-wave, toxic and moves that have secondary effects that cause paralyze, poison, or burn, etc. Moves like Stealth Rock and spikes, to do damage once they switch in... Memorize type advantages and disadvantages, As a whole it's alot but once you get started and doing it you'll notice you'll be getting better as a battler over time.
Dexio, Sina, and Wally are your biggest indicators as they are all older  in SuMo compared to their original games.
I've heard it takes place at the time of or shortly after XY, not significantly long after it.
You can battle him again later. I ran from him so i could reset its nature.
during the cutscene or after?
He ded
Thanks for posting this! I just finished volume 24 today. Being a biology major, I can't believe I didn't make the connection between Deoxys and Deoxyribonucleic Acid... 
I'm assuming you are in post game correct? 
Did his trainer come back? This is sad :(
I prefer Petilil at Melemele Meadow. With a Decidueye as the False Swiper they can do absolutely nothing to you
Oricorio in Melemele Meadow (or any of the other meadows) give you 2 Sp. Atk EVs each
Spinda in Ten Carat Hill also give Sp.Atk. 
I used Spindas located in Ten Carat Hill to chain for Sp. Atk. The only thing is even with an Adrenaline Orb, Spindas seem to be less likely to call for help and it took a really long time to EV Train. I may chain Psyducks in Brooklet Hill or in Malie Garden if they are easy to chain.
Yeah. There's a Froslass in that one PKMN Mystery Dungeon game where it froze a Scizor. Other than that, I dunno anyone else who...*oh*...
A hot and obsessive milf president comes to mind
The wampa?
As far as I can remember in Austria we have a Story about a little Dragon called Tabaluga, and there is a Snowman called Arktos, who is freezing everyone.
And [SPOILER] Lusamine tried to freeze her Pokemon
That guy from bioshock? Medusa?
Simon?
My ex-grilfriend?
Or lose to him like a man, reload and change your party composition / lead to be able to hit his stuff harder than he can hit yours. :P
There's always Trick Room.
Try GTS trading Tapu Koko for Tapu Koko. You'll probably get one with the right nature eventually.
I doubt that will work
Most likely not, no.
No, you release it, it's GONE.
GTS might be your best bet.

I don't know about anyone else though, but if I see like for like trades on there I assume the one deposited has a shit nature/IVs so I avoid them.

You might need to go a roundabout way if people aren't biting. Tapu Koko for Tapu Lele and back again or something.
Releasing is permanent. Sorry
The GTS honestly needs a revamp, it's horseshit in a dumpster fire. I think we've gotten, what, one minor improvement (sort by owned pokemon) in its *entire decade* of existence?

In addition to "trainers seeking," we need:

- The ability to list multiple Pokemon for trade at once

- The ability to sort for/ask for Pokemon by ability

- *Filter out limited quantity, non-breedable Pokemon for real*

- An alert system for when trades have gone through so you don't have to keep leaving and re-entering the GTS

I'd also love to see an optional auction house style of trading where you could "bid" for a Pokemon with one of your own and the trade doesn't go through until the owner has reviewed and selected one.
GTS definitely needs to show the summary of the Pokemon being shown, just because i can see its a level 100 doesnt mean its all that good, it could be a stone evolution that knows 2 moves, could be something with a large range of valuability (such as eevee) it could be a male pokeball eevee with all ivs under 10, it could be a female HA luxury ball eevee with 3 egg moves and 5ivs, no way to tell, but having it up and asking for a metagross or a latias can make someont wonder if its as valuable as what they're asking for.
GameFreak needs to remove the whole special ribbon feature so all Pokémon are tradeable on GTS. It makes no sense to have untradeable Pokémon. 
They also need to take down trades after 24 hours or something. It keeps it from bring cluttered and prevents people from putting shit like caterpie up for lugia
I want to search for people looking for my Pokémon. I know we have it now, but that's only for when you're filtering a specific Pokémon. I want a super general one having different pokemony so I know who I can trade off my batch of Pokémon bred specifically for gts. 
Nice, you beat out the 5% rate for that one! I kinda wish Jangmo-o was earlier in the game, the demo had me all excited that it would be. It was kinda neat that I caught it and then it evolved to its final evolution really quickly, but I really wanted to get some time to use each stage. Such a well-designed Pokemon, aah
Nice work! It took me ages to find a Jangmo-o... Way more encounters than the 20 average you'd expect for his rate.
What part of the canyon is he in? Just any part or grass? I need him!
iirc peliper can have lucky eggs, pikachu can have light balls, luvdisc can have heart scales.
Leftovers from a Munchlax, and that's all I can remember.
http://www.serebii.net/sunmoon/holditems.shtml

Serebii tends to have helpful lists like these.
Grimer can have Black Sludge, which is like Leftovers for poison types. 
Light clay from mudbray/mudsdale. Why have 5 turns of aurora veil when you can have 8? ;)
Favorite is Fairy, least favorite is bug
Poison used to be my least favourite (largely because I could never remember what was super-effective against it), but then along came Salazzle
favorite is ghost. least favorite is normal.
Favorite: psychic, Least favorite: Normal, I suppose?
fav:grass least: fire or bug 
Favorite: Tie between dark and dragon
Least Favorite: Normal
Favorite is Ice for me for at least moves. I like the hyper offensive coverage that Ice has. In terms of favorite pokemon type, psychic is probably my favorite. I just like the supernatural feel of it.

Least favorite is easily steel. Too many times have I played against stalling steel wall pokemon in OU and UU tiers to enjoy stall anymore.
I like a lot of normal types I just hate how gamefreak just adds that typing to tons of Pokémon that just get an extra weakness out of it
Favorite. Ground.

Least. Psychic.
Favorite is poison or bug
Least favorite is steel or fire 
Favorite is Water for me. 

Least favorite I guess is Rock? Maybe Poison idk.
Favorite is dark, least favorite is fairy.
Some people don't like day/don't like night. Some people like the ambience of one over another. Some people only have a couple of hours to play every day and can't get time-locked evolutions. There's plenty of reasons.
Try going to Lake of The Sunne/Moone in the alternate world.
Let's you turn your ingame clock right when playing Moon and allows for time-specific encounters (Drifloon/Misdreavus at Hau'oli cemetary e.g.) and evolutions to happen easier, as you can just hop back and forth between day and night.

Also, try going through the wormhole and then head to Akala Meadow and head east in there. ;)
It's just so the cutscene works out. You time should be back to normal once you finish up in Ultra Space.
take Lunala/solgaleo to the altar and go through the portal it will stay opposite time until you manually go back through the portal only thing it changes is the time (and ability to go get cosmog from lake of the sun/moon)  the flutes have nothing to do with time change and are only used it the story when going there the first time
The Ultra Beast missions are the special episode.
They should do events where you can download quests and stuff. And I don't mean quests that are shallow and not really interesting, I mean something just like the Delta Episode, just better. Like a second region...
Sounds like what many people experience after binge playing any story driven game or finishing a tv series


Try Pokemon fan games.
you have the ultra-beast missions
I found it weird that you get the shiny charm through completing the Alolan Dex. So when they do allow for transfer and access to the entire national dex I do expect and hope some sort of extra content or something to be unlocked. 
It's not permanently shiny. You can rotate the picture in the pokedex to view whatever versions (m/f or alolan/kanto) younprefer. 
Could do this since XY. If you want to switch a normal sprite to a shiny version or different form you just need to look at that sprite in the pokedex and back out then it should display it as you look through the dex.

EDIT: You do need to have seen the shiny or alt form to change it in the dex.
You can actually switch that to normal Rattata if you saw one. The Pokedex shows the form you encountered first by default, so if you end up collecting all shiny forms you could potentially turn your Pokedex into a shiny dex. ;)

Also neat if you for example play moon and would, for whatever reason, like to see Lycanroc-Midday instead of Midnight.
noticed in X and Y that you can change which form is shown 
I think it has to be nightime in-game for Umbreon to appear
4% according to Serebii
Umbreon is at night
You can talk to the move reminder at Mount Lanakila Pokemon Center
Move Reminder in the Pokemon Center before the Elite Four.

Switcheroo isn't a level-up move, and has to be taught this way. You can get Heart Scales by ordering food in the restaurants in Malie and Konikoni.
Honestly? I'd just make Ice resist more things, like Grass, Ground, Water, Flying and maybe Bug?
I also found it a lot more difficult then other games, although to be fair I was only running three Pokemon until the elite four because I couldn't find any more I wanted to catch.
Why catch 3 Bagons or two Feebas? Catch one and grab a Ditto from Mount Hokulani.
Constantly heals your pokemon and acts like he is a friend 
And gives Max Revives.
The feel when you think the starter strong against yours isn't gonna show up but all of a sudden appears out of the wood works though. Plus, I think Hau is a friend character not a rival. Like a Lillie who can Pokemon battle.
Mimikyu @ Red Card/Life Orb

Ability: Disguise

EVs: 252 Atk / 4 Def / 252 Spe

Nature Jolly/Adamant

- Swords Dance
- Play Rough
- Shadow Claw
- Facade/Shadow Sneak
The Smogon threads for [Golem](http://www.smogon.com/forums/threads/alola-golem.3587695/#post-7107607) and [Mimikyu](http://www.smogon.com/forums/threads/mimikyu.3587295/) may be of use to you, as might [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EQpalGY0qJM) video that shows how to use Mimikyu in VGC.
Ever since Black and White, I've nuzlocked each game on release.

I wiped this one right at the beginning to the teacher's magnemite at the trainer school.

Second timer around, I got a Grimer and it pretty much carried me through the game with only 2 losses. God bless you SemenDemon
im also doing a nuzlocke. And yes its so hard! T-T I lost one pokemon early in the game so im training really hard! Lurantis was no problem (i choose litten), but the ghost trial was so hard...
I lost my pikipek Pan......
Yeah my first ever Nuzlocke actually. Just finished the second trial and had 3 deaths so far. 
Had two deaths to random unexpected trainers as I was getting used to the game. A Wingull and a Gastly by the names of Beaker and Spectre respectively.
My Trumbeak Kalei died to Hala and the Fighting type Z-Move. I knew I should have switched her out after she had her defence lowered especially when not resisting it. Amateur mistakes cost lives.
Totem Wishiwashi was a challenge and almost took out Hoary my Zubat (now Golbat), and Mass the Makuhita would have been taken out in 1 shot from a rain boosted water gun be he held on like the bro he is. 
That Wishiwashi had a big jump in levels and was difficult especially when supported by the Alomomola, which I'm sure was scripted.

Either way I am loving Pokemon Moon at the moment made better when travelling with my team. Also playing with Exp share off and battle style on set. Loving the challenge and overall I don't think I'm doing too badly.
I've actually wiped several times on totem fights. That salazzle was hell, and it only got worse. I've got such an unbalanced team as well! I've just cleared the ghost trial, took me several goes to not wipe that too.      
Did get a shiny Crabrawler though- I've waived normal nuzlocke rules solely with regards to it as long as I have a revive or rare candy (anything anti faint) because screw you it's a shiny and everyone wants it to go to the league.
Is there a way to have two saves?

That's really the only thing keeping me from doing a nuzlocke run.
Try an egglocke 
When I played the game, I had my EXP share off, and used set battle style the whole way through. My team was always super underleveled and my Pokemon were fainting left and right and I was only able to barely get by without whiting out (Though I finally whited out immediately in the post game)

I can't even begin to imagine a nuzlocke now with how ridiculous Totem Pokemon can be, and how Z-moves can suddenly mess everything up

I wouldn't mind a Soul Link though to have a friend with me. (Though my friend i used to Soul Link with didn't get a 3DS and moved on from pokemon...)
Yep, dual nutlocke with my girlfriend here. Lost 6 pokemon so far, just ahead of the ghost trial... which is gonna be dangerous. 
My gf had it worse, though. I think she has ten or so deaths? 

Electric trial took me off guard; I had actually not healed for ages. It went surprisingöy well - no losses - but damn was it hard with only one pokemon since all others were either weak to electric or at half health...

Grass was a nightmare though. Lost three in it, with my Hariyama finally able to kill the bloody thing. 

I'm actually enjoying it a lot and am only about 2-6 levels higher than opponents, depending on how much time I've had. Very challenging. However, keep getting all the birds and flying types AND killing them as well. :( 4/6 were flying types.

Gf has a team of 4 fairies though (: Quite funny, in our X/Y Nuzlocke I was the one who kept getting fairies.
I, uh, left XP share on and did shiny hunting a few times during my nuzlocke. As a result my team was overleveled in the beginning, LUDICROUSLY overleveled during mid game, and then started to become more reasonable at the end.
EDIT: I might've also been helped by my catches. Magnemite line was extremely helpful, as was my Eevee I evolved into Espeon (not the gift egg, just lucky catch)
I'm not doing a Nuzlocke but I did have a rough time against the totem Salazzle. Man that was a rough fight.
I'm actually doing a nuzlocke series on YouTube and let me tell you it's the hardest nuzlocke I've ever done (almost getting wiped twice in two different trails nearly killed me)I like that they made the game harder so these nuzlocke now feel like a challenge.
I actually did pretty decent! Only 5 losses over all, which is great for my standards! Though I did stop Nuzlocking after I caught Solgaleo, since I intend to do a comic, and for plot reasons my trainer couldn't fight the league in a way I'd be able to wrap up coherently in a satisfying way.
I didn't have too much trouble with most of the Totem Pokemon, either. I had type advantages to Lurantis (Toucannon is a BEAST) and Salazzle. Mimikyu is the only one that gave me a TON of trouble (It killed my kitty! And ALMOST got my shiny donkey...) But I did use the exp share and didn't fight the route champion trainers, so maybe I played through in a way that was too easy.
It was a great time, though! A totally fresh experience. I'm absolutely going to blindlocke the next game too.
My friend's doing a nuzlocke and Guzma's golisopod took out one of his Marowak. He didn't realize it was a water type. I told him he was gonna have a had time nuzlocking, but he insisted. I can't remember how many of his pokemon have died now.
Because culture and fashion is meant to be shared, not isolated.

Also Grimsley is never stated to be **from** Unova, he just lives and works there. He could easily be Kantonian, or from any of the other 3 Japan-based regions.
Because he wants to? Because Japan doesn't think the idea of westerners wearing Japanese clothing is stupid?
He's a weeb
Maybe ol' Grimsley went travelling around and wound up in Kanto for a while, and liked the fashion there? 

It's not that strange, really...
Maybe he has a love of Johto culture?
You're just unlucky.
Are you sure you got 6ivs and both? Prefect IVs are rated as best

Even with perfect 6IVs and a D knot, you are guaranteed only 5IVs, the last one is RNG
Mimikyu is a beast 
Lycanroc!
1 suggestion on the team you're already considering, replace Talonflame with Toucannon. That Toucan is a beast and it's fun to use since it's new and looks like a Toucan. But for your last mon, gotta recommend Mimikyu, Vikavolt, or Muddsdale. Lycanroc is overrated IMO. Mine is ok but probably one of the weakest links on my team. I keep it because of it's looks and how it reminds me of my dog 
Complete noob question here, but is there a way to do a second run without deleting your save and your Dex?
So many DPP vibes from this gen's music
Just knew by the title that it would be insaneintherainmusic. Good stuff.
Yes, this is my jam! 😀 I love his cover of the theme!
All (most? many?) QR codes are scannable; the "wonder" just refers to the fact that it corresponds to a Pokemon *not* in the Alola Pokedex.

I'm not sure what's the deal with the 20 point codes, but I haven't found one. I've only heard about the ones on some Japanese Pokemon merchandise, and last I heard, they weren't scannable (or at least, didn't give points) outside of Japan.

I've just been image searching the web for QR codes and scanning whatever; they've all been 10 point "wonder" codes for me (so corresponding to pokemon that can't be caught in Alola).
All QR codes give 10 points unless they are specific event distributed pokemon or codes that give 20 points such as the upcoming Magerna one.

"Wonder" just means its pokemon that are not naitve/can't be found in Alola.
Normal by default. Martial artists would be Fighting, some people would probably qualify as Dark, and since some humans in the game have Psychic powers I guess they'd get to be Psychic-type as well.
Ultra Beasts are Pokémon though, just from another dimension. Giratina is also from another dimension, arguably so are other Legendaries. Deoxys and other Pokémon are from space too.
Ultra Beasts are just pokemon though. 
Normal, duh
Maybe all humans have types but they only can learn Splash from leveling up.
That's just the translation, in Japan it's just Dark Dialga.
Technically, it is a thing with the Totem and UB auras, even if the UB keep them after being caught.
Why are people already hacking :/
Its all math.
Different Pokemon have different catch rates as a base number.
Health percentage plays a large role.
Status effects also increase this number.
Hyper ball?
It's just RNG
It's just bad RNG rolls. Aside from the Hyper Ball with a x2 catch rate, all of those other balls have a x1 catch rate, so expect their performance to work some of the time.
Shite rng. You're looking for a reason where there isn't one. You're just unlucky.
S'just bad luck mate.
just bad luck, you should also be having good odds at critical captures, also try using better stuff like dusk and timer(from turn 40+) or nest for anything under lvl35, but these three mon have terrible catch rates
Just out of curiosity, did you cheat at all? 
Maybe a little too pink but I like it just as well :)
Seems like a cool dude. Whenever I get around to playing a Nuzlocke of sun or moon, my Litten will be named Hans in his honor.
Z-Lillie. Just so adorable.
Mina has shelves full of the exact same shirt at home, Ilima is being a little bishounen, Acerola clearly saved too many nines, Kukui would be number one but Olivia's roast was too much, Lusamine has physics-defying hair, I need Gladions jacket, and Kahili is a Winona lookalike.
Lillie may be adorable but... I just can't not go with Guzma.
Grimsley in his little cameo.
~~Kiawe is hot.~~
This is how you know: it's just not legit. What you have is a hack Ditto for competitive breeding or Masuda breeding shinies. There's actually a complete subreddit for them (which is on hiatus at the moment I believe). They usually give them out for putting up trashmons on the GTS.
Check it's IVs. If it has 5 or 6 perfect IVs, it's most likely not legit. And considering they traded it for an Abra, I'm betting that it isn't legit.

Also, arent you able to see where it was found and what level it was?
I'm pretty sure there's no way to tell for certain if it's legit or not, but it's pretty safe to assume that if it looks too good to be true it probably is hacked.
Well, chances are it is hacked. There are some people that give away hacked Pokemon and they do special events where if you put in a specific Pokemon asking for a specific Pokemon, they will do that trade for everyone on GTS by giving them hacked shinies. If it has perfect IVs, it is definitely hacked. Even if it isn't, it is almost certainly hacked.
If you don't want it I'll take it from you for a legit shiny ditto lvl 27
Someone traded a Ditto to me for my Abra I had up on GTS, too (though the Ditto was not shiny, didn't have Pokérus, and was a low level). I'm not sure why Abra would be sought after at all, especially in exchange for a Pokémon that has a lower spawn rate and is found much later in the game. ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ 
You might have unintentionally participated in a giveaway. Generous hackers sometimes decide to give out a bunch of hacked perfect dittos for trash pokemon out of the kindness of their hearts.
You got it from a stranger on the internet. That’s how you know it’s not legit.
It's level 100. No Pokemon can naturally get that high (if memory serves) the one time I got that high the exp bar just wouldn't complete lvl99
Game is too easy, game freak gets complaints.   
Game is hard, game freak gets complaints.  
ok
I think the main problem is that there is no where to fight Pokemon in the 60-70 range.

Try spending time grinding the area before the battle tree then hit up the E4 to level. Work o building a team that can take them out as well.
I'm quite sure this happens in most post games in the series
Wait till you try and enter the battle tree.
The spike is shocking at first but it's very nice to finally have a challenging game. I whited out at the grass trial, first time ever since whitneys miltank in gold and silver.
I was 57too 58 when facing the elite 4 wasnt a curve for me
Im struggling with the league the first time i enter. Barely managed to pull through, then tried to grind my characters by redoing the league before accessing post game content. And holy crap their level is over 60!!
They may have bigger numbers than Kukui, but their AI isn't so good and their strategies are much easier to deal with. I didn't have anywhere near as much trouble with Anabel as I did with Kukui, and I had been underleveled since round 1 with Lusamine.
Everything after the League is 60-ish+ including the legendaries, a lot of trainers, and the Principal at the school.
My pokemon ranged between 55 and 60 right after the Elite 4. The kicker is when I battled Dexio I was carrying a catching pokemon and some eggs. I only had two battle pokemon with me so that was fun.
I went in big dick style with my levels being 48 - 51 for the league. Don't know how I made it out alive. 

Immediately after I went and faced Game Freak like an idiot...still managed to come out with a win. I wasn't expecting that kind of level boost lol
Nihilego.
Obligatory Sudowoodo

Dhelmise
Not counting the Ultra Beasts, which play this phenomenon straight perhaps deliberately, I'd have to say Decidueye.
Neither Altaria nor Goomy look particularly draconic.
Solgaleo.

How is it not a fire type?

I was pretty surprised when I found out that Alola form Exeggutor lost its Psychic typing and became Grass and Dragon.
Please dont. The catchiness of this song is near cancerous.
Well considering that the konikoni theme is fantastic... No? 
I'm not too sure about Zubat. But you can get Rockruff on the first island once you get Tauros. Fomantis and Cubone are on the second island. You can get them pretty early on.
Not sure where EXACTLY to find a zubat, but it probably won't be that hard. It's definitely on the first island at least.

Rockruff is at the top of Ten Carat Hill, accessible after getting Tauros.

Formatis is on route 5 as well as in the Lush Jungle

And cubone is in the Wela Volcano Park.
I'm actually quite happy about this, until you get far enough into the battle mansion it just seems like a chore to play, now its much more challengin when a 7 year old is ripping me apart with a sunny day solar beam synthesis venusaur 
Regular singles are harder. Super singles seem about the same lvl as Battle Maison to me.
My Moon character: [**Julia**](http://i.imgur.com/1cfW9HF.jpg) 
I've since changed to a black plaid skirt and white low-heeled sandals, [but here she is](http://m.imgur.com/9EIaK18). In my head she does the ojousama laugh at every opportunity she gets.
Black T-Shirt and Black Pants since there are not as much customization options like in XY . Cant screenshot right now because im chaining Type: Null. 
Here's [**mine**](https://imgur.com/6cYQ1ko) I love red black & white together if it's not obvious, wish there was hoodies sweatpants, some boots was looking for vulpix on Mount Lanakila kept thinking I bet my trainer is cold in shorts lol
My sun character! [**Casey**](http://i.imgur.com/z8sA3kp.jpg)
And you cant get Vikavolt until after 80% of the story
Pikipek and Yungoos/Gumshoos are everywhere, too.

Alolan Diglett/Dugtrio appear about as often as anything else in caves.
You can only get a Mareanie by encountering a Corsola, which unless you find a bubbling fishing spot is only a 1-5% encounter rate depending on the route. Then Mareanie only has a 20% chance of appearing via SOS. I don't think they could have made that more convoluted.
Invasive species?
This is my main/only 'dissapointment' with Sun and Moon. If I play in a entire new region, I want to play with new pokémon I haven't used before.

I know adding 150+ new ones is unreasonable, but I think this is the opposite end of that spectrum. A lot of the new guys are very easy to miss, especially when you consider that some only appear in specific patches of grass with an appearance rate of 10 or even 1%.
I have the same problems with Johto. You can't find many of them until you reach Kanto, and the ones you can find in Johto are very well hidden.
Because since it's based off of Hawaii, majority of the animals you'll see here are invasive species. Many, many native animals here are endangered and rarely seen even by locals, so it kind of makes sense in that regard.  
Although if that's the case I think they went a little to hard on the "Hawaii influenced" aspect of the game, cuz after all, it's just a game and I want to see new Pokemon goddamnit! V__V 
I agree. I wanted to play with a team of new Pokémon and creating that team took longer than I liked. To the point I found it hard to dismiss some 'old' Pokémon I carried.
I don't think it was really that hard... my team was all Alolan mons... Mareanie was my only Pokemon I specifically went to look for, and Exeggutor was late (but easy to find), but the rest of my team (Decidueye, Golisopod, Toucannon and Mudsdale) were all either given to me or very easy to find.
I actually like the new/old balance. It actually felt like Game Freak is using the 800 deep pokepool. On a beach? There should be seagulls. As a person who is coming back for the first time since gen 3, a lot of "old" pokemon are totally new to me too! 
Gamefreak has a bad habit of releasing games with lots of potential, and lots of improvements, but also lots of frustrating oversights. I'm gonna take this time to celebrate Festivus early and air my grievances.

There's too much chaff in this game for the number of pokemon that now exist in the alola dex, not to mention the national dex. 
I get that some species like rattata and pikipek are supposed to be super common, but they could have at least mixed up the common species according to each island. It gets tiring seeing rattata, zubat, and magikarp time after time, after dealing with those for almost every game but B&W. (Yeah I get that thematically there are invasive pokemon like rats, but what makes sense lore wise doesn't necessarily make for fun gameplay)

For how few pokemon were introduced this gen, there should have been no pointless pokemon. Gen V had an excuse, but you're going to give us another pointless rodent normal type and throwaway pokes like laurantis? If they were going pad the alola dex with generation I pokemon, why not at least give us more alola forms at that? Why include so many pointless one stage pokemon this gen? An eighth of the new non-legendary pokemon introduced are one stage mons that will be less memorable than burmy. 

There were so many easy includes that they missed for this game. Where is tropius? kecleon? ludicolo? toxicroak? tangela? yanma? jellicent? dragalgae? horsea? (yes I know it can be found in island scan) Not to mention the possible alolan versions that could have brought life to so many forgotten pokes (looking at you burmy)

Pokemon on the first island like crabrawler, magnemite, and charjabug (what's the first form again?) stay that way until 3/4 of the story is over, longer for crabrawler.

It would be nice to have at least some interesting pokemon that weren't a 5% catch rate in most locations. I get having all the pseudo legendaries at low encounter rates, but a corsola is a 5%? and then it requires an SOS battle on top of that to catch mareanie? 

This isn't huge but still bugs me: I know gamefreak likes to have an explanation for why previous forms of evolution weren't available previously but it's getting ridiculous that there are now 10 stones and 8 eevee-lutions when only 3 evolve via stone. Either the stones need to be consolidated a bit, or evolution methods need to. Stones are great, friendship is okay, mossy/ice rocks are lame, and affection is kinda pointless (as fun as it is to shock myself on electabuzz). Is every game going to have a version of pokemon-amie for sylveon? We already got an alternative way to evolve feebas, is affection going to be a passing trend like show stats? Leafeon isn't mossy-rock-eon, we have had a leafstone since gen I and now an ice stone for glaceon. We had a sunstone since gen II and a moonstone since gen IV which address espeon and umbreon. Let sylveon use a shiny stone or dawn stone. 

Also, just get rid of dawn stone since only two pokemon use it and have easy substitutes. Gallade and froslass could require a shiny and ice stone respectively. 

Also, isn't the number of pokemon that require a specific item to evolve a little ridiculous? Currently we have: king's rock, whipped dream, magmarizer, electirizer, reaper cloth, metal coat, razor fang, razor claw, deep sea scale, deep sea tooth, sachet, dragon scale, prism scale (to replace a defunct mechanic), oval stone (which is confusing), up-grade, dubious disc, and protector. If that could be consolidated or replaced entirely that'd be great. At least king's rock and metal coat apply to more than one pokemon. 

Sorry to anyone that read the whole obnoxious wall of text. 
You're over thinking it. 2016 is the reason. Because:

1. Pokemon 20th Anniversary celebrates pokemon, with a focus on Gen 1.
2. Pokemon GO brought a lot of pre-orders to SUMO, so they have to cater to Gen 1.
3. All Alolan forms are Gen 1.

This is the year of Gen 1 inside of Gen 7th... it's purely from a marketing perspective. Do I agree with it? No. I'm with OP, wish I could find more Alolan native mons higher percentage for sure.

In BW we had Woobat, but I guess we don't have an equivalent to Zubat or Diglet here to spam the encounter rates?... idk.
Mareanie and dhelmise are stupidly rare. You would not accidentally find them in most cases, that should be reserved for old pokemon.
Sort of makes sense given the context of the region. Isn't Hawaii filled with invasive (non native) species that drove out the native ones. Therefore the number of available new moms would be pretty low. I only used new mons anyway, and it's basically the same if not more then kalos was I think.
I miss the DexNav.  S.O.S. chaining is really annoying.
I figure (for the most part) the older Pokemon here ARE native to the region. They're just also native to regions in the older games. 
In New Zealand, Seagulls, Cats, Dogs, Cows, Sheep are all easy to find. What are hard to find are the true natives. Kiwi, Takahe, Kakapo (RareParrot), Kaka. Kea are also getting very rare, but being a smart as hell mountain parrot, they seek out humans for free food and destructible vehicles.

Animals that naturally migrate yearly and important animals do better than natives because they developed in different environments, in NZ there were no land predators, only air predators (super eagles), and so everything is like, OK FREEZE + CAMOUFLAGE, and then they die to an imported stoat.
I just wanted more damn Alola forms. Like come on, there's what, 20? It was one of the huge parts of the game and most of the forms suck. Why not make at least 50% of the new guys alola forms? It was such a cool concept. 
I had no issues filling my team by the second island with all new pokes. 
So it's not just me? They did say "Full of rare pokemon" at the start, but this is ridiculous.
I can't catch a Minior. They have a low spawn rate, and you can't sleep them unless they are at low health. They seem to self-destruct 1st or 2nd turn anyways. They laugh at my quick balls, which don't even shake before bursting.
stop playing at night to get sick of the Yungoose line

and tbf jellyfish, seagulls and bats are fucking everywhere in real life as well
>  Which is weird, considering none of them (save Alola forms) are native to the region.

What makes you think that? Animals can be native to many countries and regions. There are rats, bats, birds and fishes everywhere in the world.

There are 800 Pokemon. You can't keep adding ~150 of them each gen.
It's almost like they're trying to tell us something with the game mechanics. Like the fact that people from the Kanto region bringing their pokes with them irreversibly altered the ecology of the islands or something.
This sort of makes sense when you consider that Hawaii doesn't have a lot of native land animal species; it's mostly birds, fish and bugs. A lot of animals were introduced by colonists from other countries, hence a lot of Pokemon from other regions in Alola. 
Ya I had to go out of my way to catch a mareanie which was the most annoying thing ever. Then I had to catch another because I wanted the other ability 
Kanto fanboys.
I caught Magnemite and Ghasty and they both carried my team all the way to the finish. Gengar is so strong and Eviolite Magneton is nearly unbreakable to the AI. It kinda sucked that here I was experiencing a whole new generation, yet I ended up doing it with Pokémon I was using 20 years ago. I stopped using my Incineroar around the time Gengar learned Shadow Ball. Really wish this game pushed the newer Pokémon better.

Why did most of the new Pokémon have to be so bad in comparison to the old ones available? 

Why use Toucannon when Talonflame and Drizzle Pelipper are easily available? 

Why use Gumshoos when you get a free Snorlax and a Sheer Force Tauros is available? 

Vikavolt? No thanks, I got Magneton. Steel type defenses and becomes super hard bodied with Eviolite.

Crabrawler? Hah! It evolves so late and an in-game trade is available at the same time for a Machop.

Wishiwashi or Primarina? Nah, bro. Moxie Gyarados is available after the Water Trial and I can use Z-Splash immediately every battle for an easy +3 Attack. Wait till lvl 36 for my Primarina or have a monster at lvl 20?

Grass and Ground were the only types that weren't considerably outclassed by every old Pokémon available throughout the game, and they were both easy to get. Mudbray is common and you get a Bounsweet from an in-game trade, so leveling to Tsareena is super easy.

And I want to know why Lurantis is a thing. Seriously, why did this Pokémon get introduced at the same time as Tsareena? Look at their stats:

Lurantis: 70/105/90/80/90/45 

Tsareena: 72/120/98/50/98/72 

Both are caught in the same location and have the same Typing. Tsareena has superior stats across the board, has a great signature move in Trop Kick, learns Acrobatics, Hi Jump Kick, Play Rough, Rapid Spin, Aromatherapy and Payback. Lurantis gets Contrary, but nothing good to abuse it with aside from Leaf Storm despite having less Special move coverage than Serperior. And it learns Swords Dance with the Contrary ability. Har har, very funny, Game Freak. It should've been a Bug/Fighting that learned Superpower. Contrary Superpower + Leech Life would've been something to write home about. I like a lot of the new Pokémon's designs, but their stats and movepools make me facepalm.
>These are the most common Pokemon in Alola. Which is weird, considering none of them (save Alola forms) are native to the region.

I like to think that certain Pokemon species that have extended travel capabilities such as Flying and Water types are relatively common globally like the Pelliper and Tentacruel families. While there are definitely several species  native to the region/game in which they were introduced there are several instances of Pokemon who are native to the regions in which they were introduced.   

Take the Metagross line for example, while the line debuted in RSE they were extremely rare in the wilds of Hoenn to the point that the only one available in game was given to you as a gift while they became more readily available in other regions such as Unova (at the crater near Lentimas Town) and Alola (Mount Hokulani). Eevee is another great example, considered exceedingly rare in places like Kanto, Johto, and Hoenn and while catchable in Sinnoh and Unova both were in human controlled parks. It wasn't until Kalos came along that we began to see them available in the wild for capture. Riolu, the Gen 1 Hitmons, Mr. Mime, and Larvesta are all examples of Pokemon that are not available in the wild in the original game they were introduced that (with the exception of Larvesta) have either themselves or their pre-evos become readily available in the wild in later games. 

EDIT: I also have to say that I agree with the sentiment behind this post somewhat. I find it to be absolute bullshit to have the location evos be almost entirely endgame. Vikavolt and Crabominable would be so much better if you could evolve them late Akala/Early Ula Ula. 
It bugs me how crap they are. Slow as fuck and barely any of them have high special attack. Trying to make a balanced Alolan only team for my story team is a bitch.
I liked it, the rarity actually made me want to go find the new pokers
Counterpoint:

All of those Pokemon ARE native to the region. They're just also native to other regions. 

I really like the way they did it. I had no problem assembling a full team of new pokemon, but also wouldn't have had a problem covering any weaknesses with some of my older friends. 

You can catch every single type of Pokemon in the first island alone. First 3 routes. What other Pokemon game can you do that in? Go on, double check my math. Each one. 


Even if this isn't the best ratio, it beats the hell out of gen 5. So many new Pokemon that were just shittier versions of older ones. Sawk? Throh? Bouffalant? These Pokemon really took away from an otherwise cool and original dex (Eelektrik, Chandelure, Jellicent). Gen 5 had no business adding 156 "new" Pokemon.    
Eh, you see them often in towns with their owners. I felt that they weren't incredibly common simply because they originally weren't that common in the region; I just assumed most of the Alolan versions developed within the last 100 years or so.

Given how stable most of the ecosystems seem to be in the games, it's reasonable to not expect a huge percentage of these versions to be present. 

Also, the Alolan ninetails used to be mistaken as a deity - it's possible even rarer to find it in the Alolan wild than the regular version is everywhere else. 
It took forever for me to find Grubbin. At first I spent lot of time findihg Pichu, but then even it started to become much more common than Grubbin...
I've had no problem playing with 100% new Pokemon the whole way through, with Decidueye as my starter. Wishiwashi, Mudsdale, Charjabug, A Sandslash, and Salazzle make a pretty strong team for the story. I had no struggles throughout the entire game so far, at the Pokemon League. 
Pelippers are SO annoying to fight for EXP with my team.
Plot twist: That's why they showed them all to us in trailers - they didn't expect us to be able to actually find them.
I honestly didn't even realize Crabrawler was a new pokemon. I thought it was from X and Y
For me, it was the other way around. I wanted a team balanced between new and old pokemons, but in the end only got new ones except for snorlax, wich was event anyways.
I agree, though I did end up with an all-Alola team for Sun in the end (Primarina, Mudsdale, Ribombee, Salazzle, Mimikyu and Tsareena) I doubt I'll be able to do the same in my Moon run unless I fill up more of the Sun dex, breed some stuff and trade them over. That said, it was an interesting mix of old pokemon! As someone who really appreciates pokemon like the Magnemite and Spinarak lines it was nice to see them early on, potentially getting used.
Might be a metaphor for introduced species overrunning native ones?
Every region always has at least a few "current" Pokemon that are very rare to encounter. It's nothing new. 

At least most of these Pokemon can call stronger allies in S.O.S. battles, so you are likely to catch a really promising Pokemon during the few times you encounter one. 
I think it's probably a play by game freak/nintendo to build off the success of pokemon go. Which was extremely popular with old school first gen pokemon fans. It seem's like they prominently featured 1st gen pokemon in particular to try drawing in these players.

In  my opinion it may have worked. Other than emulators and some fan games I haven't played any of the newer games for some years. Yet I bought a n3ds specifically to play this one!
Like houndour and slugma doesn't appear on johto
The word you are looking for is endemic, which mean it is only found in that particular area and is native to it. Native basically means that it naturally belongs there, so a magikarp might be actually native but not endemic. Just something to keep in mind for next time.
Other then gameplay and feature purposes, I think it has something to do with the fact that RL Hawaii have more invasive species and native species are at a decline. Just like in Alola, many pokemon were introduced to the region. Some of the native pokemons there are hard to find because they're almost extinct or near threathened.
Welcome to Johto syndrome.

How many Generation II Pokémon could you get easily in Generation II and HGSS that weren't related to a Generation I family? A lot of them are super-rare, like Marill, or postgame only, like Houndour.
I wanted to do an "alolocke" playthrough but gave up when I couldn't get any alolan pokemon outside of comman early game pokemon and I don't want to use alolan forms they're not different enough *grumble grumble*
I think they made them a little harder to find to pad out finding them all. Makes the roster seem a bit bigger.
The easy SuMo mons are 

The Bleh Squad (Gumshoos/Raticate) 

Mudbray 

Alola Meowth

Crabrawler 

Fomantis 

And honestly, not too many of them are stupid levels are rare (read : Mareanie and the 1% fish squad) even some of the weirder ones like Passimian have 10% encounters, which if you are hunting for them, shouldn't take too long. 

I think everything appearing super often everywhere would give little merit to the mons, and make the older mon's the "rare" encounters, which isn't really too interesting. 



Same! I can catch old Pokémon (including Alola formes) anytime I want but I need to go out and look in order to actually getting a Gen VII Pokémon. I am on the third island and still haven't caught a Rockruff and I've only used a repel in the sea.  
This is actually the first game where I was really happy with the asortment and diversity of Pokemon in the main play through. There's a lot of pokes that are tied to one route and this keeps the game from being stale.
I didn't run into any Sandyghast, Mareanie, Bounsweet, Passimian, Comfey, Komala, Bruxish or Mimikyu all game and only saw one or two Rockruff and Stufful. This is bad.
well technically, not only the ones that are gen 7 are native, its not weird to have a specie simply be widespread like zubats and yungus is not native but was introduced gen 7.....science babble aside, yeah you are kinda right
Pellipers for days
Lot of votes for Nidoran... why not Makuhita? Seriously underrated Pokemon.
I think it would be cool if they were prequels to Sun and Moon.

It could focus on the Aether Foundation's creation of Type:Null, as well as Arceus + have Team Galactic attempt to open the distortion world with Giratina which causes a rip in time/space which releases Ultra Beasts into Sinnoh.
One of many flaws. I would really love to be able to search by the Seller's need instead of my own.

What can I get for Sandshrew?  vs. Show me all the Sandshrews up for grabs.


Because Game Freak
It's honestly one of the things holding it back from being good, it's ridiculous  that I can't check the offered Pokemon's summary, but at least they gave the option to only see non-legendary poke's, so thats a step in the right direction I guest.
It's amazing for me because I can put a Mareanie with Limber on it for something good
http://www.serebii.net/sunmoon/evchanges.shtml

"With Horde Battles no longer in the game, the quickest way to get Effort Points for your Pokémon is through S.O.S. Battles. These battles have Pokémon call for wild Pokémon to assist them and so provide more opponents to fight. Most Pokémon don't change the species you encounter as you battle through so this makes them perfect chaining spots.

For competitive players, there's yet another perk. As the Pokémon calls for help, the Effort Points yielded from each Pokémon are multiplied by 2 which results in the Effort Values you receive getting increased. As such, with this, a Power Item and PokéRus, you can get 36 Effort Points from one Pokémon (((1+8)*2)*2) being defeated and max a stat out in 7 KOs in a chain."
Once a chain begins (defined as a wild Pokémon successfully calling for help), EVs for the battle are doubled. It's just as if you had Pokérus, except it still stacks with actual Pokérus.
How does EV training work with xp share?
Heya bro as someone who got a 300+ streak on the maison I can tell you that your composition way too  susceptible to Ground and all it takes is a fire attack to cripple serperior in general, and eventually you will run to a roadblock, I d recomend adding flygon you your team instead of oranguru.


Flygon has imunity to both ground and electicity making it easy for it to switch in and a diverse movepool to cover your spots. I m no one to tell you not to use your team but I find it a bit hard for it to reach the 40+ when Stuff like Mega blaziken and Charizard X shows up, Not mentioning legendaries.
Doesn't it only work if the Cute Charm Pokémon is in the lead position at the time the backup Pokémon is called? Otherwise, it should use the Pokémon that's active at the time as the lead Pokémon position.
The first Salandit I encountered with my male Sylveon w/ Cute Charm was female. So was the second. So I've had success with this method.  Just make sure your Clefairy is the lead in your party.
I have the book. Those are some awesome concept arts. I wonder if I an get a wrestling mask in SuMo
I downloaded mega app and clicked the link but nothing happens!!
Could just be bad luck. I've had a few 'the Pokemon was traded' messages in the last couple days.
I put my Pheromosa up for a Buzzwole about a week ago and it took a couple days, but I did eventually get one. Just a matter of luck and time I suppose. 
I HAVE 1 IF YOU ARE INTERESTED

It seems like Pheromosa and Kartana are simply just not wanted. I have like 6 of each thanks to handing out Mareanie and yet whenever I request for a buzzwole or a celesteela I get nothing. I've gotten more Xurkitrees than either of those. I haven't tried asking for the other two since they're just one of's, I doubt there are many of them in circulation for something reasonable, though I have been finding a LOT of people wanting to trade Celesteela for another one, I guess it's turning out to be quite the pokemon in the meta?
I thought you only get 2 pheromosa?
Sina is an Ice trainer. And Dexio is a psychic trainer.
It would bother me too if I hadn't forgotten that Dark type has it worst. Still has no Dark gym since its debut in Gen 2 <_<
How much ice do you even see in Alola/Hawaii? Any snow/ice is very geographically limited (can't sustain below a certain altitude due to the temperature) so it's not like other regions where you have entire cities (Icirrus) or regions (the whole northern part of Sinnoh) covered in snow. Areas like that bring Ice-type Pokemon, and Ice-type Pokemon engender Ice-type specialists. The ONLY endemic Ice-type in Alola is Crabominable, and it can only be obtained by levelling up Crabrawler in a very small area. There's a bunch of other Ice-types around, but they're very rare and don't really have their own biome to call home.
No Dragon person either I think.

EDIT: Ryuki
Try to get an SOS chain with Ditto into the 40's, which guarantees 4IV on capture. Get two that overlap all 6 stats. Then try your luck at the Battle Tree or Battle Royal until you get enough BP to buy a Destiny Knot, since it allow 5 IV's to be passed down instead of 2. Then stick that on one of your 4 IV Ditto's and breed until you get a Popplio with the nature you want, then slap an Everstone on that pokemon and breed it with the Ditto. Once you get the 4IV's from that Ditto, switch to the other Ditto and good luck from there!


https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5eahum/how_to_chain_for_iv_dittos/    

Use this tutorial to catch at least 2 4IV Dittos with complimentary IVs. You'll then need an everstone (defeat Ilima in his house) to pass on the selected nature, and a destiny knot (battle royal place) to transfer at least 5 random IVs from the parents.

Then you start hatching the eggs with your popplio and a ditto till you get your desired nature. Give that popplio an everstone and continue breeding till you get all the IVs you need.

Hope this helps.
....why?

We are playing as a completely different character on each game, so what's the point of having a previous character's records?
...it's based on Clydesdale Horses....not Beer commercials. 
Or a because a Donkey looks like a tiny horse. Wouldn't be the first time they had a pokemon change species from one evolution to the next like that.

Though tbh, the only reason I know a Clydesdale from any other type of horse are the budwieser ads, so maybe.
I doubt Japanese people have ever seen this commercial much less base a pokemon line on it.
You're better off just killing the ones that give one, unless you have a high enough Pokemon to one shot all of those with 2.

The east majority of your evs come from the power held items anyway (they got buffed to give double the previous generation btw)
It would be a better list if you also listed where they can be encountered in the wild.
I've been using these below. They only call themselves in S.O.S. so it makes everything much easier.

* **Route 2:** Makuhita = HP
* **Route 2:** Rattata & Meowth = Speed
* **Route 2 Day:** Yungoos = Attack
* **Route 2:** Drowzee = Special Defense
* **Thrifty Megamart (Abandoned Site):** Haunter = Special Attack

Pokérus + EV Items = 36 EVs per kill, 7 total for 252. Much faster then Super Training or Horde battles in XY/ORAS

HP - Maile City Outer Cap (Grimer)

Attack - Route 1 (Yungoose (day), Spinarak (night))

Defense - Route 12 (Geodude) 

Special Attack - Hau'oli Cemetary (Gastly)

Special Defense - Route 2 (Drowzee)

Speed - Seaward Cave (Zubat)  

You can also chain Oricoro for SpA, but they tend to be rare.
That'd be awkward because I always drop the starter in the box as soon as I catch literally anything else 

"the legendary cat of legend has been sitting in a pc while you saved the world with a fucking toucan? "
I would love if you could pick Cosmog/Nebby as your starter in the rumored Pokémon Stars. :)
I like that idea. It would be a nice way to include a legendary in your party, because I always refuse to beat elite 4 with "the legendary" of the game. The game could revolve around the rare pokemon that you have.
Try a couple fan games.  (Cough cough insurgence sort of not really really + some shittier fan games)

Also hax

Also....why would you want a legendary as your starter? To smash through the game with zero challenge? Plot device I guess is the only advantage.

Starters are usually designed to help you have a solid reliable smasher throughout the game anyway. 
Had this happen last night, i went to bed shortly after and it was lifted when i got up. Pretty stupid that the game disconnecting insta bans you, especially when the disconnect is server side.
In suMo, the reminder is able to teach your 'mon *any* move in it's moveset at any level. :)
I guess that might explain why you find them so late in the game.
You can also go to the KoniKoni city restaurant, buy the fourth meal and get 4 Heart Scales a day this way.
If I were to put the games in a single timeline your matches mine exactly, right down to including Ranger, Colosseum and the Side Series games (I usually even throw Snap and Pokken in there too, since they don't contradict the main games in any way and could logically exist alongside them).

That being said, there is some evidence to support the Mega Timeline being separate from the 'main' one. Namely the Delta Episode mentioning a Hoenn without evolution and in SM

[Anabel being a faller from another dimension. It's heavily implied she came from the Hoenn the Delta Episode mentioned, as there is a Battle Frontier there, a facility not present in ORAS](/spoiler)

Versions of all of the other games did occur in the 'Mega' timeline however (as we see with all the returning characters in SM), and in the case of FRLG, HGSS, DPPt, BW, B2W2 and the side games, they could exist as they do in both timelines, as they do in my head (so basically two timelines, the only difference is it's RSE in one and ORAS in another).
They should at the very least not issue bans if the disconnect is server side. Had it happen to me last night but luckily it was lifted when i got up.
Now we just need to know if "catch" also includes "hatch"...

Thanks for the heads up, even though it's tomorrow, for those of us in America ~~procrastinating homework~~. We should set goals as a reddit community.
Good thing I'm gonna catch my living (maybe) dex!  
At least get the Alolan dex filled out.
All Pokemon give double EVs if they were called as an ally.

So you would get 1 EV normally.  If they're an ally, you get 1x2=2 EV.  If you have Pokerus, you get 1x2x2=4 EV.

If you are wearing a Power item, that adds 8 to the base yield, so that becomes 9x2=18 EV without Pokerus, or 9x2x2=36 EV with Pokerus, assuming a normal base yield of 1 EV.

The initial Pokemon in the encounter gives normal EVs.
The second zubat and up will give you two each.
I would say the two zubats would give 1+1=2ev in speed. Haven't really started ev training yet so I'll have to look for some more reliable info.
Lillie was purposely dressed to look like UB-01

Some people say gladion resembles UB-02 Absorption, though I don't see it

also, there's 7 beasts. 
Just lusamine/Guzma/Lillie. And it's hinted that because of nihilego poisoning Lusamines mind, she manipulated those around her, especially Lillie. Gladion was way too rebellious so he managed to not get his appearance crafted by her. 
Kartana kind of has Sophocles scarf, eyebrows and hair.

Kiawe kinda looks like Buzzwole. The tattoos on his shoulders resemble its spikes (though he looks more like Incineroar, which also has black spikes on its shoulders.)
Tbh Tapu Fini was pretty easy to catch than Tapu Koko with a pokeball for me. Took only five balls
I catch everything in pokeballs unless there's a really good reason not to.
Pokeballs just look better and more... professional to me.
So far I've gotten Tapu Lele and Tapu Bulu in beast balls and am going to try and catch some female Pokémon so that I can breed into beast balls. 
I know it adds no value to the Pokémon but the beast ball is one of very few pokeball designs that I like. 
Currently have all the Tapus and UBs up to Xurkitree in Premier Balls, each SR'd for good natures and IVs. It's a pain in the ass but extends the duration of the game by a lot, which is really nice for me. 
What do you mean by 1 million dollar quest? Sorry I just don't understand 
Should have caught all the tapus in beast balls :D Allocate only 12 for each, reset if you don't get it. This is why I still haven't caught all the legendaries yet.
no way that thing's legit
I don't see why it's so impossible for someone to be generous. O:

I've been wondertrading some lame pokemon with pokerus, so I hope people are still checking out the pokemon that they receive before trashing them. xD
The best thing I got after putting up almost a box worth of cyndaquils rejects a few days ago was the pom pom bird.
If a Ditto with HA pops up you'll notice because it transforms right away.
Shiny dittos are worse than other shinies anyway, because they only keep the color for all of 5 seconds before transforming.
What you did is exactly humble bragging, just saying 
She =P
Is kanga rare? I found one randomly in the volcano area. Wasn't looking for it.
Remember when James caught pokemon by asking them? 

Or how he forgives them after everything they do to him?

...But then we have Ash who just steals pokemon, heck when Ashs bayleef gave him a love tackle Ash was so personally upset for no reason he almost went threw the idea of letting it go. 

Hell why does Jessie and James have like *alot* of backstory. Like Jessies mom died when fighting mew and then Jessie lived as a orphan and tried to be a pokemon center worker, or how James left his family from his parents trying to force marry him to random women for the name of his family, i mean damn you think they get there own show or something
Dont forget his Luxury ball.
He evolved his Koffing with his tears.  His tears are clearly made of Rare Candy.
That's because James is THE MIGHTY MOLTRES
I thought we already accepted that as a fact
/r/jamesdidnothingwrong
Not only that, he is the most interesting character of the entire anime. Seriously, episodes focussing on James or Team Rocket are always the best, it makes me sad that some people hate them for some reason. 
I've made a theory in the past and will have to track it down. But the gist of it is that James is a Viridian Forest trainer. It's more of a manga thing, and the most notable ones are Yellow and Lance. 
This was almost the first not sun and moon related thing before you put bottle caps..

People always talk about how he's such a loving trainer...but the dude kicked his Magikarp off a raft because he couldn't eat it.
I thought we were talking ab jessie and james
Customisation is disappointingly minimal. I had high hopes for it and the plan I had has went completely down the drain as a result.
Yeah! I love the tanks but why are we forced to wear 3/4s??? Haha would love to have some long pants or a tux or sth 
Tms are the only thing ninetails needs, imho. 
Aurora veil, blizzard, dazzling (evolve) and psychic/psyshock. 
Well Vulpix learns Extrasensory at 31 and Ice Beam at 36. So Evolve at 36, or at 31 if you get Ice Beam earlier somehow
It learns blizzard at 42 iirc
I *think* so. When I transferred my data from a 3DS to a new 3DS XL, I already had Pokebank. I copied the data that was on the Sandisk I was using for the 3DS, and used my computer to transfer it to the XL (the instructions are available at Nintendo.com). The process is designed in a way where not all of it has to be done at once.

The most important thing is that you can only own/authorize ONE 3DS with an account. In other words, the old system has to "forget" your account completely. Then you can register the account on your new system later.

I did have some glitches along the way though. Some of the downloaded games had lost the ability to be played on the XL. I called Nintendo Customer Service and they fixed it. They were very helpful, so I would check with them for more information
You mean like logging into your NNID on the new 3DS that pokebank is tied to? 
Maybe a poison type pokemon for the last slot? Maybe nililego?
1. gladion encounter & battle theme
2. island kahuna theme
3. hau battle theme (even though i thoroughly dislike him)
4. royal avenue
I love the chanting theme that was used as the first title theme, and in most of the trailers, but I can't find the name of it.

That's my favorite, and I'd appreciate some help.
Guzma Battle

Solgaleo & Lunala Battle

Elite 4 Battle

Maile City

Hau'oli City

Gladion Battle

Hau Battle

Such a great track this gen
Team.  Skull.  Admin.

Dat bass line is pumping.
The Tapu theme really stands out in my book. It's got the intense battle tempo, but is really dense and atmospheric. The vocoded Chants also give it a very mystical feel, and I'm immediately reminded of the Pillar Men theme from Jojo's Bizarre Adventure.
I really love the Paniola Ranch theme.  It's very peaceful ~
I love the Skull Encounter theme so much, as well as Guzma's Battle theme. My favorite songs from locations are probably the Abandoned MegaMart theme and the Seafolk Village theme. Really, S/M has too man fantastic tracks, but those four are some immediate favorites. \^-^
Hau'oli City Music at Night is pretty awesome light jazz piece.  Also the silly Team Skull music.  Love that.
The Tapu Theme and the Aether Docks theme before the ending
Gladion's theme

Solgaleo/Lunala's theme

Kahuna theme

Aether Employee theme

~~Together We Ride~~ ~~Fire Emblem~~ Elite Four theme
I adore 'Battle: Aether Foundation Employee.'

Dramatic Violins are my aesthetic.
My top three are Gladion, Guzma, and Skull Grunt themes in no particular order.
Oh how about ALL of it?
Poni plains theme.
Basically all the Team Skull themes.
Thrift Megamart all the way -w-
Oh man, so many new great themes. I think my top 10 would be 
10. Poni Wilds
9. Aether employee battle
8. Rescue Lillie
7. Island Guardian battle 
6. Lusamine theme (considering encounter+ battle one theme here)
5. Solgaleo/Lunala battle
4. Vast Poni Canyon
3. Elite Four battle
2. Guzma theme (same thing as lusamine)
1. Gladion theme (same thing as Lusamine and Guzma) 
Ultra Beasts theme.  
Beginning: Here it comes, Imma gonna fight dat eldrich abomination!  
And eventually goes kinda wierd.
I think you have to beat the kahuna of that island and then go there at night.
Is it night in your game? Remember that moon has it's time moved forward 12 hours.
Thats adorable. I love it.
Commented this on another post earlier. It works pretty well to get from 1 to ~30 fairly quickly:

I've been SOS chaining the Riolus in Poni Grove. They're level 50-55, can't damage Decidueye, and call in Chansey's every now and then that give a you a nice chunk of EXP. Plus a chance at a shiny Riolu!
I think the best xp is to just replay the e4
Grind exp on wild pokemon?
I think some trainers offer a rematch with you, i could be wrong though
Festival plaza is the quickest way if you don't mind farming missions instead of battling. The most extreme is 30 minutes of missions to get enough FC for a rare buffet gets a Pokémon from 89-98. 
Fomantis

Faux Mantis

So... yes. Also I believe there are plants in nature that mimic looking like bugs to attract them for pollination purposes. Bee/Fly Orchids in particular.
That's pretty spot on, I think. Fomantis = "Faux mantis", much like how Sudowoodo = "Pseudo wood". This sort of role-reversal is pretty clever, and the sort of thing that only works in a series like this one.
There are several examples of real life plants that look like creatures.  It's a great adaptation!
I mean, yeah. That's exactly what they are. Not really a theory so much as an observation.
It checks out... Bonsly looks like a plant but is really a rock. Same with Sudowoodo. 
also it's hidden ability is contrary
I had a TON of trouble with Lurantis but came out on top thanks to Lycanrock(m) taking a solar blade to the face and pulling through with 1hp (no affection bonuses or sash :D). Other than that The Ghost E4's pallossand ended my first challenge with a clean sweep. 
That damn clefable during the possesed fight. I'd zoomed through the game with my sylveon just moonblasting everything to death easily, and wasn't prepared to be walled.
I'm not that far in the game, but when Hau pulled out that bloodthirsty Alolan Raichu after the boat ride I was caught off guard by how freaking powerful and fast that thing is!
The epic battle of Gastly vs Munchlax on route 2.
I haven't completely finished the game yet, but Dexio's Alakazam almost wiped me on its own with focus blast. That thing was just too fast, but I got a lucky dodge with Incineroar.
Totem Mimikyu was kind of difficult since you couldn't one shot it.  Kukui wasn't that hard but I didn't have much that could work against his Snorlax.  And fucking Dexio.  Hate that guy's guts.
I haven't gotten to the Battle Tree and I'm a little nervous to, cuz I've heard the that the fights with Red and Green are rather tough, but the only fight that gave me enough trouble to have to do twice was the final Kukui fight. No one else in the game made me blackout like he did. Totem Wishiwashi and Totem Lurantis were tough, but I still defeated them rather quickly. Totem Mimikyu was a pushover for my Faticate. Post game Guzma was a slight challenge but nothing too bad. Also, Hau was child's play every time we battled. I don't understand the difficulty every keeps having with him. His Raichu's squishier than mine was, and my Raichu was literal jelly every fight lol
Totem Lurantis and Final Boss Kukui.

Lurantis I went in with 3 pokemon - Dartrix, WishiWashi, and Charjabug. I had 2 Flying type moves on my team so I thought I would be fine, but then the Castform came and brought the fire...

As for Kukui I was just unprepared for the Elite 4 in general forgot to restock on potions and such, I was also a little under leveled.
Red was actually a challenge in this game... mainly because he and Blue jump you with no chnce to heal and he's about 5-10 levels above you. And I had no Fighting types.

Second time around, I had Silvally-Fight in my party.
I'm currently stuck on the trial where I fight Komo-oh. My Inceneroar didn't stand a chance and my lurantis got owned as well. Even my prized Midnight Lycanroc got wrecked. But I knew I wasn't going to win when Inceneroar got KOed. He's level 53 and the rest of my party is between 45-50. I'm gonna have to go and catch a Riombee and re-challege the trial. I just found the dazzling gleam TM as well and I can only guess I was given the Fairy Z-crystal just for this purpose. This is the only totem pokemon that I've lost too. I blacked out lol
Wishiwashi totem.

I was under leveled, I only had physical attackers, and alomola just negated everything I did to wishiwashi. 
Surprise, surprise, my hardest fight was ol' Hala (1st fight). My team was a Magnemite and a popplio. At the time, I was really set on my team so I was unwilling to catch any flying types for my team.

As a result of this, I had to rely on popplio's disarming voice to take out the 'mons. Also, I refused to use the EXP share so my team was aboul Lv. 14.

Due to this, when it came to Hala's Crabrawler, I sent out my Magnemite. The c.brawler would z move me, surviving with sturdy, then I would use T.wave. Following that, I used supersonic, then prayed to the Hax gods that it would not break through and use power-up-punch as I attempted to disarm it with a seal's voice.

3h of SR'ing later, he finally went down.
Kahili my first time through the Elite Four. She's the only trainer that beat me in the entire game.
The biggest struggle? *spoilers* Probably Red when you first arrive at the Battle Tree.

My team were overlevelled for most of the game because I got them all up to about 16ish before even taking on the first trial, and I (for once) actually did grind my pokemon up in the grass before taking on the game. 

Also, am I the only one who didn't find *that* Clefable difficult? My Mudsdale literally 1HKO it with a Heavy Slam >>

edit: If I had to pick a fight from in-game which I found difficult, it has to be that Lurantis. Probably my biggest struggle because my Salandit was made of paper, but it stood no chance against my little Charjabug's defence <3
Putting the battles on set and turning exp share off at one point in the game 
It's not hard, but it has had a few challenging moments, my teams been wiped out a few times now. It's nice. 
To be fair, you were pretty overlevelled for the E4, not to mention that you used Solgaleo, but I guess most people used the box legendary because Nebby
My only real problem was some kinda crappy rng from the grass trial. I had bug types but it S.O.S-ed a Trumbeak with a flying type move and a confuse causing move.
\
Half my team wiped before I killed it but I was sad since that was the only actual time I had pokemon KO-ed outisde of the Champion fight (which was a stupid move on my part anyway).
Mainly a level curve I wasn't expecting.
I had a few wipeouts in the game. Then again, I was only using a team of three that 1) had pretty bad type coverage, and 2) included a Lycanroc with a Timid nature when his best STAB moves were all physical. 

(I also had EXP Share turned off, but I'd imagine that any disadvantages from that were offset by the fact that I had so few Pokémon to train. 

I found it more challenging than a recent Platinum run with a team of four, and definitely much harder than any 6th gen run I've had with the EXP share on (but way easier than the 6th gen without it, so...).
I don't look for good iv Pokemon.  I don't EV train.  I don't even use Pokemon based on their stats. I'm extremely casual. I go as far as type advantages and paying attention to a Pokemon dominant attack type like physical v special.  I only learned about stab maybe get 7, possibly 6. I've been around since blue. I haven't even checked a Pokemon nature in like 3 gens so I don't even know what nature's benefit what. 

Anyhow,  I lost one battle the entire game.   It was the lush forest totem,  I lost once because my growlithe missed with his fire move twice in a row and by then he had sunny day up and wiped my team.  Second round I won in 2 hits with my pikipek evolution

Beat the rest of the game without once using a heal item in battle.  Between e4 members I revived all and hyper potion all.  No problems there. 

Game was cake and I didn't once even have to try to level,  I just kept moving forward in the story and I was strong enough to win.  I didn't even use a z move until post game. 

Post game I did lose.  First loss there was when I went straight to looker after e4. The battle there was 10 levels higher than e4 first round.  Wiped me no problem.  I went to pony island to train and accidentally ran into mega evo Sinna and dexio or whatever those guys are named. That accidental run in also resulted in a loss as they were also a decent deal stronger than e4 was.  So I tried to go to e4 to train but they too were 10 levels stronger. 

So main game cake walk.  With no grinding at any point and casual Pokemon stats,  post game can be difficult. With an hour of grinding you should be able to walk all over those guys
It was a challenge. Was under leveled most of the game even with exp share on. Only grinded at the end to be ready for the e4.
Unless you turn off exp share and purposely ignore trainers, I don't see how it'd be difficult. You overlevel yourself just by battling everyone you see by exploring. I was always at least 10 levels ahead of the curve.
I was nuzlocking and it's the hardest game I've nuzlocked by far. Not knowing what was coming was an issue, but the teacher having a magnemite when all I had was Popplio and Pikipek was rough.
you literally have to catch them.

they explain the ethics of it if you'd play the thing. They tell you that the ultra beasts are safest with you, as if they took them the beasts would just be painfully examined and sad.

even if it's just sitting in your box forever, it's better than being a frozen lab experiment like the 3rd type null. plus they can go play on poke pelago so happy ending.

also why in the world would you not use them, they are amazing. normal pokemon pale in comparison to my adorable little christmas lights that rule the battle tree.
Killing them just makes them respawn. You have to catch them to continue to the next portion of the post-game story.
too bad they have to be caught then maybe just use them to trade for other things you want if you dont like them
You're horrible.
I'd say Jolly.
Adamant and Jolly are realistically the best.

Adamant for boosted attack, and Jolly to help with the speed issue.

Edit: word
Calm and Impish, since he works best with a defensive set. Either Shackle-Sub-Toxic-Roost/Synth as an anti-tank, or as Defogger set (learns defog as Dartix).

Offensive sets aren't very good right now.
Lonely/Adamant
Eevee for moon ball shiny umbreon?
All of the under par scores are named after birds: Birdie, Eagle, Albatross.
She also mentions something about wind, which is an important part of golfing. A flying type trainer probably has a lot of experience judging winds, so it makes sense for her to be a pro golfer too.
Not sure if anybody else noticed, but after about my fourth loss to her (A Decidueye and a host of underpowered teammates) I noted that the strips on her golf club's handle had the same color pattern as the stripes on Toucannon's beak.
As someone who did mono grass, Kahili was pretty much the bane of my existence.
Kahili is a golf course in Hawaii
So did I miss something going through the story, or is kahili just a completely random trainer they put in the elite 4? I don't remember her coming up before this point.
Confirmed. She is the masked royal.
All of the elite four also have 5 pokemon. Hau has 5 pokemon
I never thought of this, that makes me like her alot more than I did!
My dream elite four team has Skarmory and Crobat, of course she does too. It was kinda weird fighting her because of that.
Or she wields a golf club because she's a fucking golfer 
And also the feathered kāhili is a symbol or a regalia of the aliʻi chiefs and families of the Hawaiian Islands.
I thought it was because the wind direction matters in golf, and birds rely on wind sometimes. I like your theory better though. =T
That was completely unnecessary spoiler in the title.
Spoilers bruh
Don't forget her father is the owner of Hano grand resort which ~~doesn't have a single golf course~~ is known for its golfing.
And her club looks like Toucannon.
I went into the last E4 room expecting Hapu so I was like who tf is this? Then I saw her name and realized SHES THE GIRL THE LADY FROM THE DEMO WAS TALKIN ABOUT
Nice spoiler-y title :)
I thought it was that she is part of the elite FORE!
Yes. Probably put a lot of effort into the wit of her character since she kinda just shows up outta nowhere
You've cracked the code.
Shes down to bogey too!
WOW! I didn't think about that at all, thank you!
That's a nice catch. I didn't really understand this game's Elite Four. It's like familiar face, familiar face, familiar face, BAM Someone brand new!
2 under is eagle and a hole in 1 is also called an ace.
I am a competitive trainer, you know the horrible IV breeding and all of that. That being said... the E4 was fun. I had an average time, not too easy or too difficult, and the champion fight against Kukui was really fun! I blame the fact that I used Minior...

Do not get me wring the pokemon is amazing, but I went with a special minior. So Power Gem, Charge Beam, Psychic, and Shell Smash. I thought I was going to sweep the flying person... I HATE STURDY SO MUCH. I lived the first hit, took me down to that my shield broke and I smashed, I thought I won... NOPE STURDY!
A Kahili is also a staff made with feathers from birds of prey. Also the long bones of an enemy king. It's a sign of divinity and used to represent royalty.
And 2 is an eagle and 3 is an albatross
Elite Four members have always had 4-5 Pokemon ...
I can see them giving her Flying type because all under par scores are named for birds, but they probably gave her a club on account of her beung a professional golfer...
Well 2 under is an eagle and three under is an albatross. Didn't stop her from bringing five and frankly underachieving as a golfer.
But all the elite 4 have only 5 pokemon

So her having 5 pokemon means nothing heh.
She doesn't have a golf club because she's a flying type user, she's a flying type user because she's a golfer.
because fly will help her go from hole to hole. no golf cart needed
I was hoping Guzma would be in the E4. He wrecked me with his bug team when I visited him after (still won) but the E4 was pretty easy...
I've already beaten the game, but people probably won't appreciate E4 type spoiler.
Not everyone finished the game, please use the spoiler tag. I had no idea about the gaming having an E4. Thanks.
Thanks for putting a spoiler tag on this. Oh wait, you didn't, because you're a horrible person.
And that's why you should always pay attention
well you can guarantee that'll never happen again. silver lining. 
Fishing chaining shines in xy is prolly the easiest and brainless method.
bruh!!
>Gold battle cap




>normal bottle cap

ok so wtf is this a hat or a bottle cap I can't read Japanese
Oh... Then this isn't worth it. IMO. I mean if it was a gold one then yeah but just a regular one... Kinda dissapointing
It's silver.
>In a ground type round, Cubone was incorrect

That doesn't make sense, there is only one Cubone.
I think the whole festival event thing is out of whack. Hopefully they fix it soon
I got a fire type enthusiast. First lot no one had a fire type. Only had 4 people have it by time was up. Darn RNG!
Lol damn
You can catch Togekiss today if you island scan Poni island.
Would HP Fighting be useful for coverage on Special based Pokemon that don't have access to Focus Blast?
Stupid sexy salazzle.
Thicc
I really crave these minimalistic pokémon wallpapers. Thank you OP!
I love this so much! Salazzle is instaly one of my top faves from this gen. I would love to see her teeth and maybe the mouth line. make her look a little more devilishly sexy 

Not gonna lie, I was expecting... lounging.
Probably my favorite Alola pokemon thusfar.
Oh man, you should totes do a shiny version.
Really well done! Any chance anyone could format it for a phone wallpaper?
No. You made me happy.
Love that sex lizard
How easy is it to make these minimalistic wallpapers? I see them everywhere and I'd love to try making some.
Thats sweet! I got a shiny Salandit... but it was male FeelsBadMan
#NebbyForPresident2020
Subscribed for the memes.  
  
Now get back in the bag.
I'm your 4th sub. Your welcome. 
Lol thank you for making the sub i didn't know i wanted to sub on! XD
Just like Nebby, I refuse to go to that ~~bag~~ subreddit!
I had to nickname my Solgaleo Nebby. I'm sure lots of other people will too, but how could I NOT?
I am a pioneer now!!
It's not just Kingdra, it's a lot of the pokemon that you can only get by trading it with held items.

For the most part the held items can only be gotten through BP which makes them A Giant Pain In The Arse to get.

That's why
Horsea is an Island Scan Pokemon & Seadra evolves by trade with a certain item.
Was expecing weeb trash and pocky sticks. OP disappoints.
That is all really cool, but it's a shame merch posts are against the rules.

> 3c: Screenshots and gifs, fan artwork, and photographs.

> The following things will always be removed:

> Photographs of merchandise, signs, and other Pokemon-related objects of any kind, except when merchandise, such as cards or game cartridges, is used in some larger original project, i.e. framed cartridges/cards hung on a wall, or craft projects made with merch

Presumably to stop the spam of merch posts, which is bullshit because the front page is consistently spammed with Art Posts.

Like i understand if hundreds of people are posting: "Hey check out I got X." It gets old, but if a guy wants to show off his super neat collection, let him.
PLEASE NEED SOURCES
Eevee. It was a disappointment to me personally. I kinda expected a gen 7 mon and I pretty much breed Eevees over in X anyway. 
Just an Eevee, unfortunately.
it basically just confirms the strange souvenir in X and Y was a early hint at these games
Spite gets rid of 4 of the opponents pp instead of half. 

Ev items are 8 instead of 4.

Hyper potions heal for 120 now. 

Super potions heal 60 now.

Bred pokemon can now get either parents ball. 

Etc.  
[Pokemon with updated abilities](http://serebii.net/sunmoon/pokemonabilities.shtml)

[Updated moves](http://serebii.net/sunmoon/updatedattacks.shtml)

[Updated abilities](http://serebii.net/sunmoon/updatedabilities.shtml)

[Updated stats](http://serebii.net/sunmoon/updatedstats.shtml)

[Other stuff](http://serebii.net/sunmoon/mechanics.shtml)
Paralysis and Confusion got nerfed, I know for a fact the paralysis speed drop is by 50% instead of 75%
Pelipper is finally being useful
Kinda makes me upset. All that hard work breeding Klefki, talonflame, and all the others that a affected by this. Now it's back to the drawing board for new ones to use. Ugh. Klefki was such a troll. I miss you.
Shiny chance decreased to 4000 to 1
Well, I know Stars is rumoured to be on the switch, but having all the regions available just isn't practical from a development standpoint. It's better to have one well designed region with thought-out content than it is to have seven poorly-planned and relatively empty ones.
I think it'd be hard to pull off, but an open world Pokemon Game with all the regions available would be pretty amazing to put it lightly, but like I said, they'd have to get every tiny bit right. (Levelling, Story, Characters, Pokemon, etc) It's not impossible, definitely not on the Switch, but to get the exact amount of each element, I'm not sure. Who knows?
Cousin = Anyone but your actual blood cousins.
"Alola" :

1 : Hello

2 : Good bye

3 : Name of the region

4 : Thanks!

5 : Can I have some water please?

6 : I like shorts

7 : Get in the fucking bag Nebby

8 : u wot?

9 : Expecto Patronum

10 : Why doesn't my male Salandit evolve?

11 : Luke...

12 : ???

13 : profit
I got really happy when Hau said da kine.
Aue - Ow Way

It's our way of saying "Oh dear" or "My word". That sort of exclamtations.

Broke the mouth means it's really delicious.
Chicken skin = ??????????????? 
Ho = an interjection, not a gardening tool
Everytime he says cousin, I think of Niko Belic.
I love "Howzit".
I'm married to a Hawaiian. Most of this language is very familiar to me.  
Uku/ooku or however it's spelled is a common Hawaiian adjective for "a whole lot" 
I learned Hawaiian from reading the bible. 
Im willing to bet the reason kukui says "yeah" after every sentence or "woo" is because he's a fan of the masked royal and the masked royal is good friends with ric flair and randy savage, so that means the masked royal has given permission for kukui to say those words 
Does anyone know what Kiawe's name means?
Shame there's no puinsai/s
That's Alola Yeah!
My first impressions of Professor Kukui was that he reminded me of Ali G. Oh Yeah! Cousin!
Coolio but make sure Doggybag knows you're using his..stuff. 

Edit: Fuck it's you Doggybag I didn't see the OC art tag. Please spare me 
Don't forget woo^TM
But wtf does 'aue' mean?
To anyone who played FFX, there was never a time in this game where my brain didn't auto correct Prof. Kukui to Prof. Wakka...
It's milktank, it also shows something similar for other Pokemon of the same family like illumise and volbeat for example
Its for miltank. The two are counterparts.
It is entirely dependent on how you'll be using him. What are your intentions for Zygarde? What is your moveset going to look like?

Also, just to give you a heads up if you're resetting for a positive nature...there is no need to reset. Get a Pokemon with Synchronize (like Abra) and the nature that you want Zygarde to have. Put it at the front of your party before constructing Zygarde and Zygarde will have that specific nature when you create it. Works the same way for all genderless gift Pokemon, IIRC.
Depends on the set. If you're doing Drgon Dance, Adamant, if it's more bulky (Rest/Talk, etc) go Careful.
Mine slowed down a LOT but luckily didn't crash!
In battles involving more than 2 Pokemon my game slows down a lot, so I can see why some games may crash from this.
My 2ds constantly slows down, I'll give my pokemon a move and then it'll take 5 seconds spanning around the battle before they use it 
I really like the character models being in, but with that said it was a mistake to put them in. Hopefully with the sinnoh remakes (if we get them), they are taken back out so double battles don't get such bad fps drops.
Side note: is that a speedrun timer I see? As a Gen 1-4 speedrunner myself, I found myself thinking "this game would be horrible to speedrun" multiple times during my playthrough :P
I can confirm, this happened to me yesterday and I was very salty. I lost about 2-3 hours worth of gameplay. I am using an old 3ds. Issue also happened in the exact same spot.
I had this happen to me on my 2DS. Sent me all the way back like 3 hours (I don't save often, at least until now) when I got back I quickly took out the one Pokemon so that there would only be three on the field at once, and it helped a lot
If you're trying to find a HA Ditto, it's fairly obvious. I'm not sure what else you're trying to say. 
It's called a monotype run
Monotype runs are very popular
Bagon, turtonator, drampa, jangmoo, gible, axew.
I'm not doing that for my first run through but I dressed my trainer in soft reds and pinks to be fairy type to be the fairy champion,
I am doing an all-Fairy run in X

Azumarill, Dedenne, Mr. Mime, Togekiss, Florgess, and non-Mega Mawile. 

Difficult, but worth it. 
I'm not 100% sure about digital. I have physical copies of Y and Sun. I know pokemon bank will not work unless my Y is in the cart. This being, it must have to detect the game itself and not just a save file. So I'm thinking you may need to have the actual game itself present.
Pretty sure you need the game installed, yes.
The game still hiccups on double battles with the n3ds lol. 3d would make it even worse 
It's not quite as easy as you think to do something like that.

By all means, prove me wrong.
That's already built into the game. I played the first half of Moon on my old XL and the second half on new 3DS. It's not an enormous difference but at least the multi battles look decent. 

The frame rate basically goes from complete crap on the old 3DS to frame rate issues comparable to XY. 
I'd think Relaxed or Impish (with its HA!), since it's a wall (and its Def is slightly larger the its SpD). Sassy or Careful would probably be fine.
I run calm nature. Works amazingly with regenerator
It also explains the coloration of their respective Tapu Guardian.
I noticed that when I caught a purple minior and wanted to name it purple in Hawaiian. 

Edit: makes sense when you look at how every town before in previous gens were colour related. 
Also Hokulani can be translated to mountain of stars (Hence minior) and Lanakila can be translated to mountain of victory
ofc it's on a server
As long as your new 3ds uses the same NNID you will be able to access your bank, whether you use the System Transfer or have the customer support do it doesn't matter.
You'll have everything back once you reconnect to your Nintendo Account and redownload the application. Your pokemon are stored on their servers, not within your 3DS.
Poke Bank is stored server side, so you're fine on that front.

In the case of a lost, stolen or irreparable 3DS, a Nintendo service representative can remotely unlink your NNID and eShop account so that you can use them on the replacement 3DS/New 3DS.

While you will be able to re-download any eShop games you might have purchased, and relink your Pokémon Bank, your game saved data would be lost, as that can only be transferred by the System Transfer, so you'd have to restart any digital games from the beginning again. 

Physical games, you should be fine.
I recently had to call nintendo to unlink my old 3DS from my NID because I had done a factory reset on the old 3DS without unlinking it manually. The process takes a few days to actually go through (I couldn't connect with my NID to my new 3DS for about 1 and a half days since I called in the evening and it wasn't ready to relink the next day). 

For me, the representative wanted to know the serial number of my new 3DS before unlinking the old one. I'm not sure if that's a requirement, but if it isn't, I'd suggest calling and having them unlink the old system even before you get a new one so your NID will be ready to relink as soon as you get your new system.
Any pokemon saved on Pokemon Bank will still be there. You just need to call Nintendo to swap your NNID from your old 3DS to the new one. Then just go back to the eShop and redownload Pokemon Bank

If the games are digital and the SD card is still usable then you are good. If you have the physical copy of the games, then you are still good my dude :)
That sounds absolutely amazing! I hope that Nintendo does something like this.
What message did you get? "The two don't seem to like each other" is the statement Ditto usually gets when both ditto and the other Pokemon have the same TID.

You'll get eggs just fine unless the statement is "The two prefer to play with other Pokémon more than with each other."
Just means it might take a bit longer to get an egg. It'll still happen.
You can right-click -> Data Validation in the "Done?" column so it will have a Yes/No selection.
If you want to keep and start over trade to a friend to hold for you until you want them back. I've done that a few times with my friends. Some Pokémon you can't let go
personally I would trade them over or wait until bank update., Im only replaying now since I have sun and moon but once bank is out every good pokemon from moon is being put on my main save on sun
Buy the opposite game of what you have and make one your keep. And one for fun
Spoilery thing: if you brought your cover legendary to League door the first time you reached there, Kukui will comment that the reason League was built there was to honor that Legendary.
I just think of it like you're retiring the pokemon. And putting them on the Poke Palgeo, where they'll relax forever.
My party was set in stone by the point I got Nebby to join but that Lillie sure tugged at my heartstrings.
I never actually fight with the legendaries. I feel like that's cheesing the post-game too hard. The legendaries are more of trophies to me, and they can chill in Pelago.
Just imagine s/he is on the Pelago watching overall the other mons eating beans, playing treasure hunter in the caves, playing on the training equipment and monitoring that snorlax doesn't eat all the berries, but still looks the other way when he sneaks a few extras , cause s/he is cool like that. (s/he cause i think somewhere is said Lunala is female while solgaleo is male, i think)
[Spoilers Be Ahead] I felt the only right thing to do, seeing as I can't honestly see myself using Lunala, was to name it Nebby, have it hold the Pokedoll that Lillie gives you before she leaves, and put it in the Pokepelago Spa until it's time to bring them to the next Pokemon game, at which point I will give them a new Pokedoll if I can't bring over the old one and pretend it's Lillie's, and give an equally relaxing place to stay.

Though I probably do it less out of care for Nebby and more out of respect for Lillie ~~and my inability to accept her moving  don'tleavemelillieplz~~
I boxed Nebby. Sorry Nebby but I don't use legendaries. I'm hoping he has a good time at Poke Pelago.
lol I'm glad I'm not the only one who feels guilty about this :)
Nebby is in the spa on Poke Pelago, hanging out in retirement with all my former team members. They've earned their right to rest.
Unbox Nebby, EV train it like you would a competitive pokemon. Raise it so that it will be the one to carry your team through the Elite Four repeatedly as you grind your way to Lv. 100.
Nope.

Not about to sully nebby with shit EVs from random battles.
I really wanted to replace my Kommo-o with Solgaleo since I find Kommo-o to have an extremely poor moveset. But at the same time I felt bad for boxing anyone on my team since they are the ones who got me this far.
same feeling here, I LOVE cosmog, I LOVE lanala, but this is the most amazing team i have had since pearl.. and love all 6 of my new pokemon
I had my set team of 6, but I really wanted Solgaleo. I love his design, and he's the main reason I got Sun. It was hard, but I had to box my Passimian in favor of Solgaleo. 
I have always boxed legendaries.. up until this gen. I had a party I was pretty happy with, then Nebby comes along and I got attached to the thing.
Kept legendary on my team because I promised Lillie I'd travel with Nebby!
I feel the same way, haven't boxed Solgaleo yet. When I do, he's headed for the Spa island.
I put it in the Palgeo for training. Nebby isn't rotting away to nothing in my game.
Don't worry. It will roam free in PokePelago... you can visit it anytime.
I don't feel that bad about it. TBH, Solgaleo is lucky to have made my extended team since I haven't used Legends for in-game teams in years. It still is on my third team so it will likely see some use, someday. But in the meantime, it is relaxing in a spa on Palego... 

Though, I do feel bad that some of my earlier members didn't make the team I took to the league. Especially Ribombee since it would have been the final member if it weren't for the recently breed and trained Ninetails... I didn't pick it because I already had two other bugs on the team, but either way, it seems my team was allergic to rocks.
I actually used the Box legendary (Solgaleo in this case) during the whole Ultra-beast and tapu challenge arc, because i felt the same way.
Then, when i boxed it, i gave it the Poke doll from Lillie.

At least i feel a bit better now.

I never actually felt THAT bad for boxing a Pokemon. Thank god, Pelago exist.
He ran around with me for a bit before I put him in the PC and let him run free with my other mons at the Pelago. He seems to enjoy playing with my Mimikyu according to John.
Just think of it as giving it a rest from the excitement. I always just box the cover legendary
I put mine in the relaxing Pelago island, so he can spend the rest of his days in bliss, unless for some reason I decide I need him for something.
i find solgaleo to be quite a useful beast. it only has 4 single-weaknesses (would have been 2 in Sinnoh), and none of them hurt it very much in the single player mode. additionally it can learn wide guard!
I boxed Solgaleo even though his stats are amazing, because none of my friends want to play against it lol. I won't spend time putting effort into a mon's stats if it will never be in my main team, ah well.
THIS THOUGH! I can't bring myself to do it!
I kept Nebby until I wrapped up the post-game UB content. I don't think Nebby would enjoy watching my embarrassment as I flounder slowly up the battle tree.
I traded Nebby for a Goomy...I know I am a monster
I feel more guilty about defeating, catching then boxing the 4 Guardians of the Islands. I basically stole the Gods of the poor Alolan citizens and placed them in a box.
yes, but it was no way that i was boxing any other of my team members.
the same thing i thought, i'm using it post game (for the most part.)
I'm okay with bringing Nebby along for the ride. He's still competent enough to take down Poison, Fairy, Rock, Fighting and Ice Pokemon.

and a variety of TMs could make him more viable. Maybe it's just the sentimentalist in me. Also, if Lillie does come back in the sequel, I wanna see if we'd get a special cutscene of Nebby and Lillie reuniting, I mean Solgaleo actually goes out of the ball on his own and nuzzles Lillie.
Ya, I can't bring myself to take it out of my team.
I mean, I nicknamed it Nebby, even managed to catch it in one of the Luxury Balls Lillie gave me, etc.

Honestly, they did an excellent job with the story and actually making you care about the cover legendary in this game.
This was actually the first time ive ever used a legendary in my team and its for this exact reason. I even nicknamed him Nebby. 
I felt a little bad just imprisoning Nebby like that but then I realized that Nebby didn't work with my team so then I had no qualms.
I rushed to EV train my Solgaleo in Pokepelago so that I can now just use it while travelling. For once, the legendary feels like a real character and I want to travel with Nebby more for Lillie's sake. As of a few hours ago, Nebby has Speed and Attack maxed out and will become my travelling companion as I complete the game's other objectives (post-E4 because I owed my progress thus far to my teammates who were with me the entire journey). 
I felt the same way. When I got to that point, I nicknamed mine Nebby and it came right into my party even if someone else had to get boxed and make me feel a bit sad anyway. For similar reasons, I couldn't bring myself to use the shiny zubat I got entirely because I already had a crobat in my party when I got it. I couldn't be the guy that went "hey Crobat,  I know we've bonded and all but I'm gonna replace you cuz this one is shiny."

Like... pokemon bonding is important.
I actually feel more guilty using it than not, because I think of Nebby as belonging more to Lillie than me.
I feel bad about not naming Solagleo Nebby. I've been planning on naming it Eldirao, the star that Krypton orbited, since my naming scheme has been all superhero-related, but now I want to keep Lillie's name. 
I knew I was going to use it the moment I nicknamed it Nebby
I had a strict thing about only collecting, and not using legendaries. But the journey with Nebby was too much for me, and its still with me in the post game :)

It'll be fine. Just put it in the hot tub thing in Poke Pelago. 
Spoiler: I kept the cover legendary on my team and for the first time, gave a Pokémon a nickname outside of nuzlocke runs. Nebby was and forever be its name
Oh actually, I guess that's only after they have reached max happiness and they stay too long after. 
Nope. I straight up sent him to a box in front of Lillie. "Yeah, if you insist, I'll put him in my collection."

I did let him out for one fight, though, although I can't remember which. Maybe against Red, although that was mostly the Toxapek, featuring special guest Salamence.
It's ok dude Arceus is boxed in one of my pokemon games.

You know, the supreme creator of everything and all within the pokemon universe. I enslaved him and put him in storage. 
I spent hours catching my all Alolan team since the new Pokemon are all so hard to find, so it was a quick box for me. Also maybe it's just me, but I found Lillie and Nebby to be really annoying. Lillie became better as the game went on, but Nebby stayed a waste of time.
Yeah. Lillie kept going on about how Nebby would go on countless adventures and see the world under my care.

No, Lillie. He's going to the Pelago. Forever. I would have liked the option to just record the dex entry for Solgaleo and let Lillie keep him, but I guess I can trade him for a Lunala for that dex entry. ^But ^then ^Lunala ^would ^sit ^in ^the ^Pelago ^forever...
Yeah, the only time I boxed Solgaleo was for when I wanted to try the battle tree, then I felt guilty after and had to change my entire team around, but hey, at least Nebby had an adamant nature so I can use it.
I LOVE Solgaleo, don't care a jot for Lillie, and I boxed it because I wanted to use my basic mons to beat the game. I don't think you should be bothered if you can't stand to box it or can stand to... Play the game your way that immerses you. :)
I laughed when she went on about nebby being better of with me and following me on my journey, it's boxed, it has no place on my team and I knew it from the start.
Nope. Screw Lunala and those *4 weaknesses.
I always box my legendaries, they just feel too op to play with.
I didn't really have to worry about my party slots because I legitimately soloed the league using only my lvl 70 Primarina (80 by the second round), just like pretty much the rest of the game (except for the grass trial, where I used a flying pokémon that I never ever used and got all its exp from exp share). If there's one thing I learned is how broken statX items are
Garbage nature Solgaleo that gets 1HKO'D by every fire attack under the sun goes in the box where he belongs. Alternate reality nebby is the true nebby, while Solgaleo is the imposter.

Alternate reality nebby gets treated with love and will spend the rest of its life in the Pelago Spa where it can take its much needed vacation.
I ALWAYS box the legendaries
Never feel guilty doing this I always box my legendaries. It's more evident in these later gens but the legendaries seem to be getting lower levels which kinda makes them less overpowered to go into the elite 4 with, often then not with EV's my pokes just end up being stronger. Also using ubers would just make the game easier and this game is already ridiculously easy.
My Solgaleo had a nature that lowered it's atk, I put him in the trash where he belongs.
I've never felt guilty about it and I never will!
I always box my Legendaries ...
I was for a few minutes but then I rationalized it as "I didn't wanted Nebby in the first place" and boxed it. 
Screw Nebby I got my BOY Necrozma!
I felt the same way. But now I feel worse because I traded it away on the GTS.
Neither Lilly nor "nebby" seemed to care too much about that
There is some believability in this since when npcs talk about your Pokemon in the first slot they never use the nickname.
Who says NPCs don't name their pokemon? In this game alone you can trade for 2 or 3 pokemon with NPCs that have names. 
Master Chuuster is the poshest pikachu around.
It's just never been something that the developers planned to do. This is evident in fan-games in which a Pokemon's nickname overrides its species name on Switch (battle mode).

"Luna is about to send in Bandersnatch. Would you like to switch Pokemon?"

How the hell should I know? I can do my best to determine which dark type best fits that nickname, but I can't be certain that I'm correct.

(To be fair, I think there was a way to learn the nicknames or their lineup before battling that person.)
Well online you don't use nicknames, maybe the NPCs are following those rules
Gaspar the haunter says hi :)
Worth noting that when you fight "Nebby", it shows as Solgaleo or Lunala
Bianca's Munna is named Munny but it still shows up as Munna in battle so this is obviously canon
I'm pretty sure I fought a kid who had a named Clefairy. 
maybe npcs do but secondary characters clearly dont, Gladion calls his Type:null "Type:null" in dialogues
Plenty of NPCs name their pokemon.  I still remember the Pokefan in Red (or maybe FireRed) who named his pikachu "Pekachu".  And some of the young trainers will shout out the name when they start a battle.
I certainly wouldn't want to say some of my Pokemon's names out loud...."Go Dicks! Use Acid Spray!"
Trainers who have canonically caught a Mewtwo

- Red

- This Random Kid

Based on what I've seen in wonder trade he prob traded a yungoos for it
Local News Report: 9 year old child going around destroying towns and lives with his Mewtwo.
He appears to be playing on a 3DS. Maybe it's like one of those game within a game sorta things?
Someone should tell him it's probably some hacker trying to promote their stream.
I bet it was hacked.
Link just gives me a dead page
The worst case scenario.

http://i63.tinypic.com/669sa9.png

http://imgur.com/rC06XQ5
Incineroar will wink at you in Pokemon Refresh when you refresh it. Incineroar wants you to be a champ - be the champ that Incineroar expects you to be!
Stop. Shinies happen with a 1 in 4000 frequency. A better bet is to start normally, then get a foreign ditto and do the masuda method to get a shiny litten later. 
Stop, play the game, complete the dex for the shiny charm and masuda one instead. Potential 5IVs for that competitive Incineroar WITHOUT having to waste a week leveling it to 100 and hope to get a Golden Bottlecap! ;)
If you do keep going, you get to brag that you had the patience to SR for over 5 days for your shiny Litten
I've been breeding for Litten 3 days straight now. Don't give up now!
ay man bring him up to lvl 100 and you can get perfect ivs w/ bottle caps 
Nope.

Once Bank updates you can transfer 'em from Gen VI though.
No, it's just there in preparation for the Bank update.
funny thing is I swear there is a sign in game that says you can some times get them from breeding them from Alola forms. I think it was in Melemele by the Profs house in the water on the island.
Nah i ditched my starter the second i bred a better Natured one 
I almost never keep my starter in any Pokemon game. This game I ditched my starter when I got Bounsweet. My new favorite Pokemon.
I feel like Litten was a missed opportunity to finally have a fire starter remain on all four legs through to its final evolution. A shadowy looking fire tiger wouldve been awesome. It was really disappointing. The other two I thought were very original with designs we've never seen before. 
Have you checked if you put it in one of the PokePelago islands?
Wondertraded it by accident?
http://www.serebii.net/pokearth/alola/
I can breed one and give it to you but I won't be home for a few hours.
We already got VC Ports of Kanto. I'd like to see Sinnoh next.
Isnt gold and silver designed to be a direct sequel? 

Also isn't all the kanto pandering to get people to buy the gen I games on their 3DS?

Also kanto is boring as fuck and i don't want to revisit it for a 10th time
But could we see Lillie again?! 
I don't care what they do, just as long as it involves Lillie. I sincerely hope GF isn't going to discard her, although the chance of that happening is very slim. 

Sun/Moon was partially her story, and I wanna watch it unfold, preferably sooner than later.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDXTJa6TrKE

Sinnoh/Orre or bust
i just want to see Lillie. if there was a sequel then maybe red or blue would be the champion? 
Yeah I could go for another Gen 2 remake now that you mention it.
No, no more remakes. I want GF to flip this whole pokemon thing on it's head - like make the next games set 500 years into the future with space travel, or some future dystopian pokemon society.

My nostalgia goggles are all worn out at this point. 
Tapu Koko wasn't hard for me, I think I caught him on my second pokeball. 
Technically it's at poke pelago hanging out with other Pokémon, picking berries,  and going on adventures
Not forever. I mean, sooner or later, I may move it into Pokemon Bank.
I don't. I took Nebby to the Elite Four.
This is kind of tangent, but if you don't name it Nebby you are objectively wrong
Not for me. Nebby's a proud member of my team as it holds Lillie's pokedoll.

In fact, I went all out with my team and went with sun-themed pokemon:

Solgaleo, Lurantis (Solar Blade), Lilligant (Solar Beam Chlorophyll), Torkoal (Drought), Leafeon (backup sunny day setter, synthesis), Espeon (Morning Sun).
I would've felt bad but I'm so glad Poke Palego is a thing.

I have Nebby and other meaningful Pokemon in the hot springs atm.
I wish there was an option to give her Nebby. I mean, you already get another Cosmog in the postgame.
I feel the same, so I decided to just keep it with me as I run around trying to fill up my Pokedex
I let him come with me to face the Pokémon League.
I didn't. Gonna bring him to the Battle Tree and fight Red with it
I'm just gonna let Nebby fight the Tapus and other legendaries, It would be unfair to the league if I brought him with me, plus he still gets awesome battles.
I stopped my adventure for a couple hours just to EV train Nebby so I could bring her with me to crush the Elite Four.
Used Nebby during the UB post game though. Feels right taking on Nihilego with lil Nebby
Nebby is going to be my first level 100 on Moon.
I took Nebby to the E4. Granted he didn't do much, I think he helped out once against the Ghost type but it's the thought that counts. 
Me too! I know it would be happy in Poke Pelago, but Lillie entrusted me with Nebby with promise to them of adventure and real battling. I would feel awful for not bringing that.
It's night-only, yes. 
According to serebii they can only be caught at night in hau'oli cemetary
Can only be caught at Night.  It's day time counterpart is Drifloon.
I've caught one. I caught it night so that might be a factor. And I've run into a fair number of them as well. Idk if it has a low spawn rate. 
Night encounter. Shares it's spot with Drifloon who appears instead during the day.
Thanks for the clarification. I was going nuts trying to get it
Apricorn balls?
Moon Ball

Friend Ball

Fast Ball

Heavy Ball

Can't remember them all but the Johto balls are findable but can't be bought
Prism scale are in a infinite amount with Pickup.  
Both stones can be gotton in Poke pelago so aren't Finite either.
Bottle Caps [hyper train](http://www.serebii.net/sunmoon/hypertraining.shtml) it :)
Not quite the stats you'd want, although ATK is high enough to warrant using it.

The speed stat on the other hand is subpar and could cause you some issues, but with 31's in HP and the defences you're packing some bulk and should potentially be able to survive a hit or two.
But I definitely wouldn't recommend competitive with that Arcanine. The loss of speed is significant.

Smogon hasn't worked itself out in terms of SuMo yet, but in Gen 6 Arcanine is UU. Pokemon in UU that can outspeed him if he has an imperfect SPD stat include:

* Vaporeon
* Porygon Z
* Swampert
* Metagross
* Mandibuzz
* Hydreigon
* M. Aerodactyl
* Chandelure
* Espeon
* Heliolisk
* Heracross

As you can see, those points matter *a lot.*
I have no hope. XYZ crushed it entirely. This conversation happens every region for the anime, "This is it guys, it's gonna happen", and I'm not gonna get my hopes up anymore. I'll just assume a loss and be pleasantly surprised if the opposite happens.
It's most likely gonna end up like this:

A Mega Charizard X uses a Dragonium Z that came from nowhere to beat Ash
If they didn't end it with XY, they're not going to end it with SuMo. They're going to milk it as much as possible, because they're too afraid to try anything new.

It may be a shitty formula to us, but they're still making money, meaning there's very little reason to change it up. We say we want the new, but we're still willing to pay for the old.
I think that Ash is going to win now too since they want the Anime to have more to do with the Game story
Right before the battle tree. All level 55-60 wild pokemon that give ass tons of exp if you max out affection and add lucky egg.
Once you get into high 60s/70s, high level festival plaza restaurants are very fast. 
Shiinotic?
Whimsicott?
So there are 4 Grass/Fairy types, and each has their own purposes:

**Comfey** has two solid defensive abilities in Triage and Natural Cure, and can work well with either. While Triage seems like a worse version of Prankster at first glance it stands out by giving priority not just to moves like Synthesis but also HP-stealing attacks, which in Comfey's case means it has access to priority Draining Kiss. Consequently this makes it one of the best Big Root user out there and really beefs up its otherwise average 51/90/110 defenses. Aside from that it's pretty diverse; it can run Calm Mind, Leech Seed, Taunt, all sorts of stuff.

**Shiinotic** is probably the most defensive of the bunch. It runs kinda like Amoonguss, as a bulky Grass-type with access to Spore. Combine this with Strength Sap and Leech Seed and you have a Pokemon who's great at incapacitating opponents. Just don't expect it to deal too much damage, this thing's a wall not a tank.

**Whimsicott** is a classic, and very, very annoying if played right. A combination of high Speed, a wide support movepool, and Prankster make it great at spreading status or other debuffs with moves like Encore, Stun Spore, and of course Leech Seed. That high Speed also helps you get out of trouble with a fast U-Turn. Access to Hurricane means it can also be a solid rain mon, though considering Whimsicott's stats you'll probably use it more for the confuse chance than the actual damage.

And finally, **Tapu Bulu** is the only one here with a real offensive presence. 130 Attack, servicable defenses, and access to moves like Horn Leech and Bulk Up make it an excellent bulky attacker, especially due to Grassy Terrain buffing up its moves. You could also slap a Choice Band on it and go ham with Wood Hammer, or hell even a Swords Dance set if you really want to inflict some damage. This guy is ridiculously powerful, my only complaint is that he doesn't get Play Rough so he can't make use of Fairy STAB but the type still helps a ton defensively.
I thought Comfey was pure fairy?
tapu bulu ?
Comfey is pure fairy, sorry.

Battle Tree and Battle Royal use the online rules where Items are only gone for the remainder of the fight.
As well as the original Red/Blue. Although at least this time your mom isn't using it for parenting advice.

It's also clearly a DVD that the protagonist is watching, because Alolan TV doesn't actually air any programs, just Malasada commercials.
TIL that's what movie is playing
Like Alolan dugtrio, I fabulously dig it.
But the crack at the end, were you get your second cosmog, is a recent wormhole, and solgaleo traveled to ultraspace with us before we used the ball. Both of these times cosmog and solgaleo would be bathed in ultrawormhole energy. You are on to something but i think there is more to it. 
You do have a point. One thing i noticed was the cries. All the ultra-beasts, along with Mufasa and Lunala, and Necromza has that same sound bit in the end that sounds...galaxy like. Its like an echo in a cosmos almost.  Just listen to all their cries and you noticed that same sound bit from each of their cries. I can hear it in Arecus's cry a little but then again its been a while since i heard his in game cry.
TBH I think Arceus is it's own thing alltogether, and it's created several different dimensions, many of which we'll probably never see, but because Humans in the Pokémon world have known about it for so long, they just assume it's a Pokémon.

I'm pretty sure it's implied the Cosmog line are Ultra Beasts, and it's implied that Necrozma may also be one too.

For all we know, there may be more Pokémon that are actually from Ultra Space
Arceus also has that weird shining noise at the end of its cry like the Ultra Beasts.
I'm betting the Creation Trio will be retconned to be ultra beasts in the Sinnoh remakes. I don't know how I feel about that, given how they shoehorned Mega Evolution into every last nook and cranny of ORAS. 
And the Tapus (A.K.A. Guardian Deities) are not so different than the Lake Guardians. They even have the same weird rainbow eyes Pheromosa has.
Do we know the Arceus we capture is the same one that created our universe?  Could be more than one, it's child, a creation in its image?
While your theory is very solid, there is one point you need to consider: Beast balls are very effective on Ultra-Beasts, but it's still possible to catch them with standard Poké balls, and it will calm them down.

I don't have any answer to this, so what are you proposing ?

The H. P. Lovecraft is strong with this one.

I also think that the UB Anabel came in contact with was Deoxys.
it really bums me out that they didn't put more work into Necrozma being introduced. it feels kinda like an afterthought, like "oh ya you're done with the ultra beast quest line? here's a legendary." he has a really cool concept and i wish they worked more on it
tbh i really want this to be canon. I feel like it would really complete sinnoh's lore
The Cosmog line and Necrozma are ultra beast it even says so. Your statement at the end implying Arceus is an Ultra Beast and a Beast Killer I take idsue with. Arceus created different universes of pokemon and such but there are other pokemon that hop around space and time as well and they arent ultra beast. I assume ultra beast refers to this specific universe they inhabit as it has that enery from the wormhole the UB's seek. Type: null was created to be like Arceus with the ability to rotate in and out his typing with the mission of hunting the UB's. This is what make Type:null a Beast Killer. Arceus created them theoretically not hunted them.
Along the same lines Giratina reminds me a lot of an ultra beast, the distortion world is very similar to a place they would live and Giratina looks very alien compared to most pokemon. 
I'm curious where Deoxys fits in all this (if it does).
> This also explains why the Cosmog-line looks more like Pokemon, and I also believe the original Solgaleo and Lunala had different facial features reminiscent of the rest of the Ultra Beasts.

I was thinking the same. For me, they are in an Alolan form, adapted after centuries of living in Alola.
I like this theory. Type: Full/Null immediately reminded me of some sort of botched together Arceus.  I wonder if the Legendary pokemon all are Ultra Beasts, or something else (like a pantheon of gods, neither pokemon or ultra beast, but close to both). The reasoning I have is look at most Legendaries appearance, outside of the Birds, they are very "unique", think Rayquaza for example. Outside of appearance there is the lore, while Arceus created the world as we know it (is that the universe, or just a metaphor for the earth like planet), most of the legendary pokemon have some lore about creating a feature (land, sea, forest, etc) or protecting a feature.  I could see Arceus being just the most powerful capable of deeper creation.

For the sake of a contrary argument to the god theory, they could just be very very strong pokemon (or ultra beast, not discounting that), that pre-historic cultures attributed more power to (creating the world, how does anyone know that). Arceus is known to have created Sinnoh in his myth (and Ransei), and possibly the entire universe. I think pokemon might walk the line between "this is a myth" and "some of the myth is fact", that we're not entirely sure where the line is drawn yet, or maybe we never will (purposeful device by the author to keep mystery going indefinitely)
Ultra Beasts are "pokemon" that originated in a specific dimension called Ultra Space, and I agree with what you say about Cosmog & Necrozma.

However, Arceus would be beyond the label of Ultra Beast, as Arceus created the dimension of Ultra Space in the first place. It is a singularity in the multiverse, as are Dialga/Palkia/Giratina. So they do not 'come' from a specific dimension (since they are the manifestations of the laws of nature that govern *all* dimensions); therefore Arceus would not be classified as an Ultra Beast. It created and preceded all dimensions in the Pokemon multiverse.
There's no real evidence for your claim about Acreus, so this post sounds more like a "wouldn't it be interesting if Arceus was an Ultra Beast?" rather than a theory
So if you are right and Arceus is an Ultrabeast, then maybe Type:Null and Silvally were tries to clone Ultrabeasts in the normal Pokemon dimension. 
Or maybe UB and UB dimension are the result of Giratina after he was banished?

Giratina is said to be like the shadow of Arceus, a evil mirror. Perhaps it also had the ability to create worlds and it was the one who made the UBs?
This can tie in a bit with Guzzlord! Guzzlords mouth is reminiscent of a portal in both its regular and shiny form. It eats a ton and has no droppings, so it's could be stealing earths resources back to ultra space with it's mouth portal. That would explain why it's a dark (evil) type and why it has evil in it's chinese name
I agree for the most part, and in fact, I think this actually helps to validate my personal headcanon about the Sinnoh legendaries. Personally, I don't see Arceus as God, but in fact a very powerful Pokemon that the ancient people of Sinnoh mistook for a god. Thats why all information about it being god / creating the universe / hatching from an egg in nothingness starts with one of: "It is said...", "It is described in mythology...", "According to legends...", "It is told in mythology...". 

So I think the direction they are taking is finally giving a hard explanation to the Sinnoh legendaries (hopefully while still leaving it vague enough so that people can still argue that it is PokeGod), as UBs. (It wouldn't be a retcon since it was never actually "confirmed" as much as the mythos says so, which isn't concrete by any means).
>Without that energy surrounding them, regular Pokeballs can capture them without trouble.

Nitpick: nothing is stopping you from catching the UBs in normal pokeballs, the Beast Ball just has an incredibly good 5x capture rating on them, making it easier than most other balls (Quick Ball is the same capture rate but only on the first turn.)
I personally don't believe Arceus looking that way should be an indication that he IS an UB but I do believe Arceus is among the same tier as Necrozma and Pheromosa and some of these UB. The reason being is that apparently Arceus's body you are referring to is not its original body but rather the body it retained after the creation of the Pokemon universe as we know it.

However I think it can be better explained by saying Arceus, while believed to be the God of the universe here, could be a member or a subspecies of the UB species or the UB subspecies of Arceus's species.

It's mentioned that Necrozma is clearly NOT a UB because it doesn't radiate the same kind of energy the other UB did and lived here for a long time. The idea OP mentions that the energy dissipates and fades after a while makes sense and that Necrozma was originally an UB that has simply adapted to living in this world.

I believe UB were like "angels" to Arceus. Maybe could be like when Arceus created the world, he erected representation of things which you can translate as deities or gods of the Pokemon world. Reading Pheromosa's dex entry certainly could convince me that it is a deity. 
[deleted]
From the moment they previewed the Aether Foundation, I knew something was fishy with them, especially Faba. 
I got only one thing correctly. My assumption "Lusamine is a bitch" was a correct one. I knew it the moment i saw her.
I really wanted Minior to evolve or be a pre-evolution for Solrock and Lunatone though now I'm kinda glad it didn't so now they can forever be my cute little stars. I may or may not be emulating a certain psycho.
I expect poke pelago to be like digifarm in Digimon Story in NDS. I was wrong. Well, half wrong.

I expect Sun/Moon to be sucks so bad. I was wrong again. Its my favorite now.

I expect there will be more Megas. I was wrong. The Z-Move is the shit now.

I expect Zygarde to have big role with the UB invasion and what not. I was wrong. Hell, even the cover legendary only served as a taxi to jump to other world.

All of my expectations are wrong...
I expected there to be zero Pokémon from previous generations available until very in the story or until post game. How very, very wrong I was
I knew Aether were gonna be dodgy. Especially after Team Plasma who said they were all about pokemon "welfare" (although Aether did right what Plasma did not, in my opinion).

Team Skull would be pushed as the villains in order to hide the real villains of the game (relatively right, although I admit I didn't see the *twist* regarding Skull until right before it happened).

Null would be a created pokemon, possibly based on Arceus, but definitely an artificial pokemon.

Primarina would be Water/Fairy

Incineroar would be Fire/Dark

The dex would have relatively few new pokemon in it compared to other gens *groan*.
Simple Beam is inaccessible until Bank. :(

~~Worry Seed Paras might be an option though.~~ nvm, Worry Seed is ORAS tutor.
Smeargle: Self Destruct, Imprison, Kill Move, Skill Swap

Have 5 because PP?  Gotta be a better way but this would theoretically do it if your first mon was a false swiper.  Once you get the chain started you just keep imprison active. 
Technically you can Sketch Simple Beam... if you're lucky enough to call it with Metronome. Pretty much any way to chain Galvanize Geodude right now is going to be messy, but I think that relying on Metronome luck is probably the least reliable.
Male customisation for this game in general is extremely poor and lacking.
The game doesn't really have any customizations to write home about in general.
I'm white and I was disappointed at the level of options 
it is still better than being a long haired guy
Poni Island, at the end of the post-game areas.
Do egg hatches count?
Both are pretty terrible since Quiet is +SpA -Spe and one of Salazzle's biggest asset is Speed. Rash is better. The ideal is Modest/Timid though.
Timid. For in game, rash is fine
Timid
Don't quote me on it, but IIRC, you can't. Sorry!
Just try it you have nothing to lose except 2 hour cooldown
1 egg every 5 mins would be very slow...

with 2 pokemon of the same species both caught by you there is a 50% chance that you will get an egg every 256 steps.

EDIT: Assuming you don't have the Oval Charm
Every five minutes? in that time I manage to hatch five eggs. :P
I think they put something in the water. Eggs seems to be popping out real fast for me too. I literally just put them in the daycare and as soon as i stepped out there was an egg.....Hatching seems to have been faster too
I haven't read anything to lead me to believe this is anything more than luck.

I've had a Pokemon make a new egg in the time it took me to grab the egg then walk to the counter to retrieve the parents. That was last gen.
Hahaha its just luck dependent how fast you get them but i know what you mean sometimes you get them so fast 
I can't breed my decidueye with ditto, any advice? Its been saying that they don't get along and I want to get a shiny rowlet. What could be the problem?
Release it 
I beat X with my Shiny Pumpkaboo, I found it by chance and never could I dare to evolve it, I even took it through ORAS lol
Cancel the evolution and give her an eviolite! While she might not be as strong as she would've been fully evolved, she'll be a decent partner at level 70 for the E4!
Mash the B-button and pray it cancels fast enough?
Necrozma is the third legendary, not Marshadow.  Marshadow's a mythical Pokemon.
As mentioned, Necrozma is part of the Legendary trio, so it'll most likely be centered around him.
Proof:

- Battle music

- All are described to be from ancient times & another world

- Star on his head

- Psychic type (Full Cosmog line is Psychic)

- Most obvious: Learns Moonlight & Morning Sun at level 1.

[+1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JeimE8Wz6e4)
Put that on a t-shirt!
Oh my gosh this is so awesome! Lycanrocs have stole my heart this gen too. ❤
This is a great design, and I bet it makes a nice shirt.
One evening an old Alolan told his grandson about a battle that goes on inside people. 

He said, ‘My son, the battle is between two Lycanrocs inside us all. One is evil. It is anger, envy, jealousy, sorrow, regret, greed, arrogance, self-pity, guilt, resentment, inferiority, lies, false pride, superiority, and ego.

The other is good. It is joy, peace, love, hope, serenity, humility, kindness, benevolence, empathy, generosity, truth, compassion and faith.’

The grandson thought about it for a minute and then asked his grandfather: ‘Which Lycanroc wins?’

The old Alolan simply replied, ‘The one you feed.’
That's a pretty sweet design, love the style.
Just bought myself a nice ass tee shirt! Great work cant wait to wear it.
Dope.
Those are some heavy watermarks...
I think the design for the werewolf form is awful.... wolf dope. Werewolf dumb as hell
Beyond deleting all the data and re-downloading, there are no settings you can tweak on the user end to make it work.  I guess you could try downloading it on a different SD card and seeing if that works.  The absolute only other thing I can think of is removing the battery and putting it back in to have the internal clock do a full reset - I have no idea why this would work, but sometimes the most arbitrary troubleshooting provides results.  Other than that, if it still doesn't work, you'll just have to call customer service.
Don't go switching Gengar into any ground moves either. 
What happened to gengar and gale wings?
I think it's unlocked in the post game.
I know one male hairstyle and colour were unlocked for me when I beat the main game, so I imagine pigtails are much the same.
What are pigtails? You mean handles? 
>I'm really curious to see which Pokemon were most popular

Your poll should include all of the available Pokemon then.
Is it suddenly not allowed to use old pokemon?
Sorry but this is a really shitty survey
I got a fairly good team of Shiftry, Ageislash, Vavillion, Xatu, Garbidor, & Helioisk. 
Meganium, Whiscash, Absol, Jellicent, Breloom and Manetric, pretty good imo
Hmmm  
  
Tropius, Electrode, Musharna, Simipour, Pidgeot, and Eelektross.  
  
Wierd.
Illumise

Torterra

Ditto

Venomoth

Starmie

Tauros
Their name is in red rather than blue if you need to talk to them, I think it's quite easy to figure out who to talk too 
Pyukumukus cry is absolutely brilliant
My friend pronounces it as if the "C" was an "S", and I wince every time.
Lol what about wishiwashi
Pikipek is also pretty fun to say.

Also, I named my Pyukumuku Pyuk You.
no , still the same shiny rate as XYORAS
no, same shiny rate, just a different method that's arguably easier to master.
I have shiny arcanine and liligant it did take me 6 hours to get them tho. The method is just easier that's all 
Nothing for me yet. I only made one attempt: an Exeggcute. Only 30 encounters or so before giving up; and I haven't found any in the wild, despite lots of youtubers/redditors doing so. Guess my luck just isn't in quite yet.
One of my friends found a shiny zubat during his normal playthrough, and I chained for a ditto earlier today.
I'm not convinced by people saying its the same rate. I've been playing pokemon since red and blue came out in the US and had never seen a shiny until Pokemon Sun. Now, I've caught both a shiny pelipper and a shiny exeggcute. Seems suspicious given how many other people are also finding shinies for the first time. 
Get a tissue for your Sneezle.
My friends and I decided you don't have a Dad in this game because he was saving in his journal but lost power.   Now the only thing that anyone knows about him is his 2 tips to his son about saving.
I wowwed at Alolan Marowak. Look at the buff in Attack and change in type. So fitting for Marowak's story and nature. Ghost typing seems to link with its Cubone's dead mother, a very dark thing mentioned in the Pokedex, and Fire represents the heat, the hatred, and the burning desire for revenge, protect and determination. Such sick type combo even though it introduced weaknesses to ghost, dark, rock, water and ground, its normal type without alolan form. 
Bewear. That thing can take hits and delivers powerful punches. 
Lurantis
Wishiwashi and Minior.

I went into the game hating the idea of both Wishiwashi and Minior but after having them on my team for a very small amount of time, they quickly rose to be the MVP's of my play through.
Mimikyu! I love it's back story <3 and Ribombee! I wanted a cute bee didn't know it'd be strong too needless to say Generation 7 has made me love fairy types even more.
So far, based on what I've actually used, it has to be Toucannon, but I also think I'd love Raichu, I just haven't had a chance to use it yet.
Going into it, I thought it would be Kommo-o. I love the Pseudo-Legendaries and almost always use them in both my playthroughs and competitively. This time, however, Tsareena shined in both my playthroughs. I didn't expect her to pull as much weight as she did, and as such, I think she's my favorite from this Gen. Still gonna make my updated Dragon Team (as I am Dragon Trainer at heart) but she more than earned he place at the top. 
Type: Null and Silvally. I was heartbroken that I couldn't use one in the main game. It has such an awesome design and backstory. Not to mention the pure concept of a man made god is just so cool to me, plus it gives us grounds to speculate about the implications of it and its existence. 

It's one of the few Pokémon this gen who I saw and said right away, "oh yeah, this is crazy cool."
well I just accidentally hatched a shiny Mareanie. Incidentally I was in the process of breeding a premier ball onto a HA Mareanie so i could start Mesuda Methoding for a shiny with the right nature/HA. This baby came early(4 eggs in) but thank god it has its HA and the premier ball. Nature is Serious which is fine by me as it could've been much worse! Also 4 IVS where it counts.

SHINY TOXAPEX HERE I COME!
Sandygast, its so cute! But the game doesnt want to give me a shiny :(

Close second would be Toucannon because i love Toucans
UB-04 because dat design is both hilarious and amazing
Wishiwashi. My sweet little baby is a monster in battle, but so cute to play with in Refresh. The unique ability is a fun play on a natural instinct of some fish, and both its solo and school forms have stellar designs. 

I named mine Modesty lol. 
Pyukumuku. 
It's an amazing wall as people are afraid to KO it due to its ability. 


Runner up:
A-Persian.
Z-parting shot is so amazing. 
Probably Araquanid, but it is a hard choice. Dewpider was the first "new" Gen 7 pokemon I ran into and I've been wanting a good Bug/Water type for years. Also, it has a really cool ability.
My top 3 would be Silvally, Primarina and Salazzle.
I love Togedemaru, at first I laughed at him and thought "wow knock off pikachu so original" but I can't help but use him now, I love all his animations, his happy little smile, and of course I just love his typing and moveset, Spiky Shield is such a cool move and I'm glad Togedemaru can learn it. I'm also slowly liking Tsareena more and more after I caught a shiny Bounsweet.
Persian, Mimikyu, Rowlet, Nihilego... I can't decide on just one!
Mimikyu. How could it not be?
Bewear, followed by Type: Null/Silvally.

I fell in love with Bewear as soon as I saw it on the adverts. Wasn't sold on Null until I read the background to it.

This gen has introduced so many pokemon that I love (the starters, mudsdale, Lycanroc, The legendaries), but Bewear sticks out most of all, alongside Silvally.
Definitely Type: NULL and Silvally. I like them so much that I'm currently SRing for a shiny one.
It is a tie between Primarina and Mimikyu
"too old to use a DS"...

Yeah... I'm assuming you're right around the age where you still care what people think. I'm 19, still play almost daily. There are 20 and 30 somethings that still play their DS.
Sounds more like your parents won't buy you one. In which case, get a job or something.
Just buy one?
What?
Too old?  Dude I'm 36.   
Too old? I'm 19 and still play. I just don't get to have my parents buy everything now...
serebii exists you know?
http://www.serebii.net/sunmoon/dailyevent.shtml
It reappears later if you go back
Just go back and fight him again. 
Horde battles, Pokerus, and the different "Power" items. Have the Pokemon you want to train get the Pokerus virus, equip it with the corresponding power item of the stat you want to train, and use the move sweet scent to find a horde battle full of Pokemon that give you EVs for the stat you want.

You can find a list of what horde battles give what EVs and where to find them by googling it.
My team with nicknames

Owliverqueen (Decidueye)

Viridi (Lurantis)

Erza (Salazzle)

Fredbear (Bewear

Greyskull (Palosand)

Icecube (Snowslash)
Currently on a Nuzlocke run and just finished the second trial. I have:

Searline (Torracat)

Bouncee (Steenee, In game trade)

Mass (Makuhita)

Hoary (Golbat)

Battabank (Grubbin)

Amethyst (Carbink)

I also have a Diglett called Buckets, but I don't think he would have agreed with Brooklet Hill very much. 
Loving the game so far and can't wait to play more. 


I just finished my first run, and I didn't do nicknames, but I had Primarina, Tsareena, Toucannon, Mudsdale, Arcanine, and Gumshoos. This team carried me all the way through the Elite 4 with no blackouts at any of the trials! ;)
Robin (Decidueye)
Anhuea (Raichu)
Benoit (Crabominable)
Cynder (Salazzle)
Ultramarine (Araquanid)
Mojave (Flygon)

* susuwari - my torracat
* no face -  my mimikyu
* kawaii no kami -  my wishiwashi
* konpeito -  my minior
* haku -  my jangmo-o 
* kamajii -  my gosilopod
Robin Hoot (Decidueye)
Tibbers (Bewear)
Lilo (A-Raichu)
Honey (Midnight Lycanroc)
Tomoe Gozen (Golisopod)
Razzmatazz (Salazzle)
My team

Blackjack (Incineroar)

Lycanroc Midday

Mudsdale

Araquanid

Togedemaru

Kommo-o
The team I used in-game and wouldn't be mad about using again:

Primarina (Lilo, f), Scald, Sparkling Aria, Moonblast, Hyper Voice 

Lycanroc Midday Form (Stitch, m), Accelerock, Crunch, Rock Slide, Rock Climb

Bewear (Burr, f), Brick Break, Double Edge, Brutal Swing, Dragon Claw

Mudsdale (Clyde, m), high Horsepower, Earthquake, Heavy Slam, Superpower

Salazzle (Sekhmet, f), Flamethrower, Nasty Plot, Sludge Bomb, Dragon Pulse

Vikavolt (Volkz, m), Bug Buzz, Air Slash, Dig, Thunderbolt



special mentions go to:

Silvally, (Type: Full, -) Multi-Attack, Return, Iron Head, Shadow Claw

Solgaleo, ([redacted], -) Sunsteel strike, Cosmic Power, Crunch, Zen Headbutt


Both have replaced Salazzle and Vikavolt on my post-game team, but get mentions because they're technically on the team.
Decidueye(Oliver), Magnezone(Coil), Ribombee(Beebe), Lycanroc(Pietra), Mudsdale(Boxer), and Starmie(Hitode).
At the moment it is:

Decidueye 

Toucannon (skill link is the best)

Greninja (might replace with shellder)

Lycanroc (replacing with mudbray once it's done EV training)

Alakazam 

Salazzle 
Do you need the event Pokémon that come out later to complete the pokedex for the shiny charm? I'm at like 93% complete
Maybe it's setting up for a sequel that has alolan 2nd Gen?
Salandit. I can't exactly explain why, but I've always been a fan of the Pokemon villainous teams use, and Salandit feels like the only Pokemon that SHOULD be on a thug, Team Rocket like team. Maybe because it's a bandit...

Salazzle is really nice as well, and I would have liked it more if fan-art of it wasn't it just fucking another Salazzle or 5 Salandits... I get it, it creates a reverse harem, but do you have to DRAW that?
Mimikyu. 

No wait Mudsdale. 

No wait Primarina. 

No wait Toxipek. 

No wait Silvally. 

I can't decide :(
Toucannon. I only usually ever get the common "3 stage bird family" for Fly, but Toucannon is a different story.

He has a monster attack stat (mine currently has 204 ATK at level 62) had good enough defense to where he won't get OHKO'd when you switch him in and has decent speed. Plus Beak Blast.
I love Decidueye. Owls are one of my favorite animals and noctowl never really did it for me...

Also our Golispods have the exact same moveset. It's probably a pretty common moveset on them actually, but still.
Tsareena's the first Grass-type I've ever enjoyed using. 

Honorable mentions to Ribombee, Toucannon, Salandit/Salazzle, Alolan Muk/Grimer and Lurantis. 
Gotta say Mimikyu, such a great concept and an adorable design!
Ribombee by far. He's extremely fast, has access to Fairy, Psychic and Bug moves, and picks a punch! 

This guy carried me through the Elite Four, and has been on my team since the beginning. 

I love my little Barry B. Benson
Araquanid. The long-awaited bug/water got a clever scuba-diver theme, surprisingly tanky stats, absolutely fucking *broken* ability that it can even share with teammates, Liquidate that hits harder than Explosion, all topped off with that wonderful Leech Life buff.
Mudsdale. The first REAL horse Pokemon ever (I count rapidash as a unicorn, not a horse)
After toying around with my team for a while I have finally settled on happily taking a full Alola team because I think a lot of the designs are really well done. At this point I think my favorite is Wishiwashi. It's like the Magikarp of Alola! It's school form is a total monster. 
Silvally is superman. And I also really like to use Dhelmise (I think that's how it's spelled) it is beastly too
Mudsdale. This monster of a horse had one of the most broken abilities in the game. Stamina boosts his defense every time he takes a hit. He absolutely destroys Hala and his fighting types (minus the poliwrath, but thats a different story) and can tank almost all physical attacks once he takes a few hits. Not to mention his crazy base 125 attack stat. YOur lucky he doesnt get access to that many strong physical moves, because if this guy got Stone Edge, he'd tear your team a new asshole.
Lycanroc (midday).  Finally a doggo Pokemon I can really get behind.  It has gained a permanent spot on my ideal team.
Type: Null and Silvally. They're now my absolute favorites.
You guys gonna laugh or thumb down me, but I'm going to say a heresy: my favorite Pokemon from Sun and Moon is Alolan Rattata.

Okay, before you say something, please read this. I never used a Rattata before Pokemon Sun and Moon, and I always find him cool, but useless. But this time I want to use him, even if he faint in the majority of the battles.

He is not quick, not strong, and not resistent. So why I liked him? Because Rattata don't give a shit about this. Super Fang remove 50% of the HP ALWAYS. Endeavor work great with Pokémon Refresher, and Bite can sometimes give me free turns. And Normal + Dark turn him in a machine to kill ghosts. And the mustashe and his furr make me like him even more.

I really liked him, no jokes! I even gave him a everstone to never evolve into Raticate. And he is in my Hall of Fame!
world's only Dhelmise fan here;
I'm extremely excited to get Vikavolt and am quite proud of my black Minior, but I'm currently undecided on my favourite.
Crabrawler is my favorite so far - he's a fighting crab, what's not to love?!?

Question to anyone with a Crabominable - can a move tutor teach him Ice Hammer?  Just found out this morning that you *have* to evolve him at 37 to get Crabhammer and Ice Hammer, and I'm nervous I'm going to have to start a new one :'(
Stufful/Bewear and Oricorio 
The sandcastle and the little baby fish that actually turns into a big pile of many baby fishes. 

Both of them just have a very different feeling , a very good one.

It somehow is the same feel you get in Dragon Quest Monsters Jokers, they are just damn cool. 

Though I am still sad that there isn't a medicham
Passimian AKA Rugby Monkey
I guess you could say that he used First Impression on you :)
I love salazzle and toxapex but that's because I'm a stalling asshole
BUZZWOLE

Gamefreak knocked it out of the park with this thing's personality and design.
Wishiwashi.  I was about to kick him off the team until he started schooling.  Then after that he is just insane and never dies 
I freaking love Lunala. My favourite Legendary by far and as an added bonus you get an emotional connection with it through the storyline. Generally I've avoided using Legendaries during the game, but goddamn Lunala is the one exception.
I really like Alolan Sandslash
Definitely mimikyu for me, he's just so adorable
rimobee.... you wouldnt think anything about this lokemon but man does it pack a punch 
I have to say Decidueye is my new favorite Pokémon of all. The design is amazing! 
Turtonator, usually I don't like fire types but holy crap is this the exception. Sadly I have moon and am still waiting for my roommate who has sun to catch and trade me a turtonator.
While skimming through I haven't seen it yet which surprises me.

Xurkitree is actually really interesting to me. In darker/night battles it glows. Not to make it more visible, but because it's head and the little white bulbs around its body are lighting up. It also looks like someone took a bunch of extension cords and wrapped them in Christmas lights. 

And man the way this thing moves... You want otherworldly? This beautiful interdimensional beast moves in some of the most interesting ways. Look at its animation for discharge/electric terrain vs it's volt switch animation. 

And that base special attack is just incredible.

Anywho, that's my rant! May Arceus bless you with shiny and perfect iv Pokémon on your continued journey throughout Alola!
The fight/dragon guy. I can't remember his name. That's just such a cool-ass type combo and he looks badass
Incineroar is definitely it for me. It shows *so much* personality in every single one of its animations. Just how its facial expressions quickly become more smug right before using its signature move or Z-move is just so fantastic. Seriously, its facial expressions alone are so dynamic.  
It's hard not to love the guy.
Salazzle. She's like a cheeseburger. Nice and THICC and will let you put your mouth on her.
ribombee is my party lead. despite its mediocre sp.atk stats and fragility it has served me well as a fairy type.

current set: 

the pollen thing  
dazzling gleam  
stun spore   
quiver dance, though its a generally unused move due to my fragility
Golisopod for me too. I had been looking to replace Wishiwashi on my team and then Guzma drops this bad ass motherfucker on me. Went straight to get a Wimpod after that. Love they way he looks and I love his guerilla style. I run the same set on mine too. First impression, liquidation, suckered punch, and leech life. 
I love so many of them! I think this generation has actually become my favorite in terms of designs -- so many of them are so thoughtful and detailed with regards to Alola's ecology, and also just plain cool.

My favorites would have to be Stufful, Decidueye, Mimikyu, Minior... there are so many!
Mimikyu has the best story out of all the new guys imo
#NebbyForPresident2020
The entire Rowlet line.

Reason 1) FUCKING OWLS. 

Reason 2) BIIIIIIIIIIIIIRB

Reason 3) Ghost archer birb!

Bonus reason: Ash's Rowlet confirmed cutest thing in the universe.
Everyone loves Midday Lycanroc, but I got its Midnight form because I have moon. I'll be honest, when it was first revealed, I didn't really like its design. But now I love it! I bonded with Rory the Rockruff really well, and I was so proud of her when she evolved! She's one of my new all-time favorites! 
Surprised no one has said Togedemaru!  This thing gets Poison Jab, gets a great physical Electric move in Zing Zap.  It wrecked Fairies for me during my playthrough.
Komala. As a fan of koalas, this sleepy guy immediately caught my attention. His surprisingly good stats, movepool, and ability was the icing on the cake. 

MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR MINIOR 
Golsiopod is awesome used the same moveset as the OP 

Favourites however have to be tied midday lycanroc and alolan ninetails both of them were great for thier quick speed and great coverage, lycanroc hits like a truck with z-stone edge whilst ninetails functioned as a effective calm mind sweeper fairy ice and dark pulse coverage hits many things hard
Favorite because of moveset/stats: Mudsdale; wouldn't have beat Mimikyu totem without her

Favorite because of design: A-Ninetales & Lycanroc Day; I just want to brush their fur every time I see them, also good stats/moves

Favorite because of Refresh: Wishiwashi; love the way it wiggles with happiness, it's also a beast to fight
I like a lot of them but design wise Shiinotic and Salazzle are my favorite. 
Oricorio Pom-Pom was who I was skeptical I was gonna enjoy while planning my party (I loved the design and needed an electric type). Ended up being my favorite, idk if mine just ended up with good IVs but it wrecks almost anything
So this isn't really an answer to your question but S/M is my first game since DPPt. Trevenant is so awesome. Type combo is unique, move pool is steller. And I love the design.

Specifically Sun Moon I'd say I'd need to play more. Trevenant and Incineroar carried my team all the way to the end.
Wishiwashi because I love pokemon that aren't what they at first seem to be. I love how Wishiwashi is both a psuedo legend and worse than sunkern.
Now let me tell you why the answer is Wishiwashi...

This Pokemon has literally the worst stats of any Pokemon to exist (yes, worse than Sunkern). BUT!, when it calls its friends and they group together their combined stats are that of a Mega Evolution!

But stats aside, the reason this Pokemon is my favorite is its design and general concept. Its a tiny little worthless fish that is based on the idea of fish schooling together for safety. If I were to design a Pokemon based off that it would probably just be a clump of fish that all swim together and maybe make shapes like that scene in Finding Nemo. But Wishiwashi combine together like a puzzle or maybe like Power Rangers. I love its fins in particular. Plus you can see their eyes glowing and whatnot.  Anyway...
Wishiwashi! He's my MVP. I did a playthrough with no EXP-Share, No items in battle and Battle Style to Set. Most of my Pokémon performed really poorly, but Wishiwashi knocked it out of the park and saved me so many times.
I usually avoid Rock-types, but I absolutely love my midday Lycanroc.
Minior, the seven different core colours are cool, and you can use whichever colour that you like. It also has an ability similar to darmanitan, exept it gains attack and loses defence when it activates. A pokemon based on a meteor, just sounds amazing. Also, good job gamefreak for making a meteor have an interesting design/concept.
Ribombee is too cute. I never thought I would find a bug-type I liked enough to incorporate into a standard team, but dang.

Unique bug buzz (Pollen Puff) that acts as a heal OR a high-damage attack, decent dual-typing, high speed, Quiver dance + baton pass, & roost? Plus it has a bad-ass scarf, and floppy limbs and it's face has a little heart.

Also when you pet it, you sort of just smoosh it's face for a bit and then it cheers. New favorite, easy. Sassy Meowth is a close second though.
Strong jaw bruxish is just STUPID. It does so much damage AND can take a hit ANDDDD is one of the fastest 'mons this gen. Love that Pokémon.

Also Ribombee. Crazy speed and damage. Bees are cool.

Also togedemaru, alolan Persian and alolan sandslash... and both monkeys.

They are all pretty awesome. 
Totally agree about Golisopod. I've also got a soft spot for Araquanid since using it, guess Bug/Water is my theme this gen.

Though honestly this gen has replaced/shaken up my entire top 10 favourites so I really can't choose just one..
Mine is Bewear. When it was released it become one of my top favorite Pokémon. The one I caught in-game is named Baloo. It has fluffy and is an adamant nature. I'm still trying to decide if I should re-breed to get ice punch or go with my current one.
Mimikyu. I *love* ghost types, and all their creepy and cute backstories. Mimikyu has a nice balance of being completely adorable and absolutely terrifying.

Plus, I know what it's like to hide yourself to get closer to people. Kinda struck a chord with me, ya know?
I've always loved Raichu, but the new alolan raichu is my favorite thing ever. He's still got his big squishy marshmallow face, but now he also has big ol puppydog eyes and adorable toe beans.
Alolan Raichu, I've never been a big fan of the Pikachu line despite it's popularity, but this little thing is great! The adorable way it's surfs oh it's tail, it's color scheme, typing, cheery pesonality, ridiculous "lore" and unique Z move make it all around awesome!
Kommo-o. He looks absolutely amazing, and the dual Dragon-Fighting typing is very interesting. And something about his design reminds me of a Pillar Man. 
Wishiwashi.

I love the idea of a school of tiny fish turning into a oversized monstrosity.
Right now I'm thinking nihilego. I honestly don't know why. I think it's creepy and cute... Cute in a "beautiful" sort of way. Not sexy. I'm not going to stick my dick in the poisonous parasite...
Mareanie, is the most adorable lil' Gal, and I don't think I can ever play a game without it now.
Ribombee.  It's just way too adorable, and saved my ass in the second fight against lusamine after surviving long enough to max out from quiver dance.  
I absolutely love ghost types, and Mimikyu was such a perfectly executed way to add a Ghost/Fairy type.

It's no surprise everyone is loving the addition of Golisopod. He's going to see a lot of use over the next couple months. Though, what I really enjoy about him is how he kinda mirrors the addition of aegislash, he has a very distinctive gimmick to him. The difference, however, is Golisopods gimmick gives him depth instead of making him one-dimensional. I love how it is completely possible to completely fuck up and have his ability work against you.
Toucannon. Love how he doesn't even waste his time looking at the enemy. We put in all this time becoming the best together and his attitude reflects it. My lil' dude knows he's above 99% of the pokefools he's facing. And if he had any doubut? He trusts me to guide him through it ;D 

His stats are excellent for my playstyle, his moveset is good and often he's my guy that steps in and cleans up when his team members aren't cutting it. 

Otherwise....gosh, I've seen so many that I like. Especially Alolan Muk and there are quite a few bug types this time around that actually look cool. 

They got nearly every design right, in my eyes. I like the ones they chose to keep in from other Gens as well - though I hadn't played one since Platinum, so a few I like may well be from previous gens.
I absolutely love mimikyu because of how it looks and when I read its Dex entry I fell in love with it more.

Also ribombee because that think carried me through the game and its scarf is adorable
I loved Salandit pre-release because it was an awesome, natural looking Pokemon, but don't like Salazzle that much.

I'd really like it if we end up getting a Gallade style quadruped boy version in the next game that retains its more lizard like like features. That'd be cool.


I don't know if I have a favorite though. This was the best generation in terms of designs since Johto.
Haven't finished the game, but I really like Salazzle just because it looks badass and it's a new type combination. 
For me it's between Golisopod and Sillvally. Both really badass. 
I'm internally torn between alolan muk and rowlett
I'm a big fan of Fomantis and Lurantis! I think they look great.
Choosing between Salazzle and Mudsdale is really difficult. Both are strong *and* have cool designs. Mimikyu and Decidueye are also strong contenders, I might do a Mimikyu-starter Nuzlocke run after I beat the game.
Incineroar. It's Z Move is incredible! 
Mudsdale and Alolan Muk.

Mudsdale, because stamina is amazing. It's won me so many battles that I would have lost otherwise, and Mudsdale in general is just a power house.

And Alolan Muk, because I love that psychedelic piece of garbage. He even makes it onto my 'dream team' of six Pokemon.
Mareanie/Toxapex
Cool: Guzzlord.

Cute: Rockruff.

Beautiful: Toss up between Primarina and Tapu Fini.

Use: Crabominable. Mareanie/Toxapex was up there at first in use being this cute little thing with a dark story that soaked up hits, but the fact that in the latter part of the game everything liked to one or two hit most of my others forcing me to constantly stall with Toxapex if I wanted to keep everyone alive to get Experience made me dislike it a little.

Funny thing is, when I started the game I had no intention of using Crabrawler (not that I dislike it, the design is pretty interesting, I just prefer special attackers). I caught two for my living dex and just left one as party filler since it had a good nature and was so early on I had nothing else I wanted to use yet. It ended up always just being there and I eventually realized it had wormed it's way into my brain.
Definitely midday lycanroc. It's fast and hits fairly hard and I just love it's design. It's the first dog based pokemon that I really like the design of and is the reason I got sun
Salazzle
Kartana is my new bro
Mimikyu has turned into an immortal, adorable avatar of DEATH and I love it. In game the thing is wicked good, usually able to get off a Swords Dance and sweep. 
Mimikyu for sure, it's remained first in my party since I caught it. It's saved me countless times with its disguise ability.
Pyukumuku in terms of purely design. Simple but with a really unique gimmick that allows for a LOT of character ~~and memes~~.

Silvally, since its announcement time was at pretty much the high point of SiIvaGunner, needs some recognition.

Lycanroc Night just grew on me since it's a dog but looks more like an actual mon with cartoonish characteristics in proportions and body structure (should've been part fighting and day should've been part fire or something) whereas Day just looks like a coyote with cartoon eyes. I couldn't really attach myself to day outside of looking like Gentle Bob.
Silvalli, Nebby, Mimikyuu, Decidueye, Wishiwashi
Stufful and Mimikyu for cuteness
But overall fav is Turtonator. I've always loved turtles and besides Blastoise, I haven't liked most of the turtle Pokémon. But certain fluffy bears better Bewear. Shell Trap is a death trap. 
(I also like Toucannon, Dhelmise, Decidueye, Salazzle, Solgaleo, Togedemaru, and Toxapek... sooo a lot of them)
Kommo-O, just by the design alone it looks like a really cool dragon. Plus stats wise it ain't bad at all. It also reminded me a lot of a character named Zhan Zhou from a Chinese justice show I used to watch which multiplied my like of him.
Lurantis for mixing a cool and cute design.
Lycanroc day form for me. She *slayed* during the champion battle. She was first in line against another, higher-leveled Lycanroc. We both open with Stone Edge and are in knock-out range. The opponent tries to finish her off with Accelerock but she hangs in there thanks to max affection, then wipes out the other Lycanroc with Accelerock. The second I saw Lycanroc day, I knew I had to have one on my team.
I loved Salandit and Type: Null/Silvally on reveal, and Primarina caused me to switch what starter I was going to pick (sorry Litten) 

Golisopod, Decidueye, Lycanroc, Mimikyu, Wishiwashi, and even Lunala are ones that grew on me the more I saw them ingame. Overall this gen has a lot of Pokemon I friggin love. 
Either Araquanid or Incineroar. Araquanid because it's surprisingly the best bug Pokemon ever and Incineroar because fucking Luchacat with so much personality and I love him.
for whatever reason i fell in love with my crabrawler/crabominable. i hadnt intended on using it before the game released and only added it to my team as a placeholder but she just... stayed. i love her. 
My flair
I'm gonna be one of the few people here who says Lurantis.  I'm a real sucker for those pokemon that use sharp edges of some kind as their main form of attacking.  Lurantis just really hit it home for me on the design, and whenever I see its normal coloring, and I can't help but think that it's thinking something along the lines of 'tee hee' before dropping a brutal Solar Blade on ya :P

And its shiny form has a lot of green, which is my favorite color, so win win for both versions of it :D

Shame its so slow though, like most of the Alolan dex.
I love Primarina, Vikavolt, Salandit, Laurantis, and Lunala. 
Kommo-o looks fly as hell.

Golisopod is my booooooi. 

Salazzle sweeps up 

They my homies.
I like Golisopod, but its ability has been a hindrance in most cases. 

Otherwise I like Mareanie because it's cute.
Salandit/Salazzle have taken top spot for favorite Gen VII mon. 
Salandit/Salazzle is the first time i've ever used a poison type in a pokemon game (for the main story), and she was just fantastic. Venoshock combo destroyed almost everything, and when that couldn't, Flamethrower was good. When I first saw it as the totem, i thought it was pretty dumb looking, but it really grew on me over time. Just got my Shiny Salandit last night after 1300 encounters too!

Or Cosmog, which is one of my favorite designs of this gen. Its also [the first time i've ever used a legendary in my main team, let alone the cover legendary on my main team. Actually getting to know the main legendary, and watching it grow a long time before you can catch it was great, made it felt like a real friend joining, not just a super strong beast. I wish you could have gave it to Lillie at the end, I don't want to have just rotting in a box :(](#spoiler)

Special shoutouts to Mimikyu, Primarina, Formantis/Lurantis, and all of the Ultra Beasts. Some really fantastic designs this gen.
Nihilego. The idea of an alien parasitic jellyfish that lives in an alternate lovecraftian world of darkness that possesses people is an awesome idea. Plus it has amazing stats and can be used as a crazy powerful offensive pokemon or very sturdy special wall or a fast set up pokemon.

Plus its amazing in battle. Actually I love all the UBs besides Guzzlord and Kartana. Guzzler I think is pretty weak, and Kartana I think is a little too powerful. Plus I don't like the design. But Guzzlords is awesome. And Buzzwole is hilarious. When it faints it gets one quick pose off before passing out.
If we're counting alolan forms, then alolan marowak. Cubone/marowak ended up being my best/closest Pokémon in my first Pokémon game as a little kid so you can imagine how excited I was when I heard he was getting a new fire and ghost typing!
Wishiwashi! Just hate his speed but then I love him
Wishiwashi! Just hate his speed but then I love him
My top 10 Gen 7 Pokemon (no Legendaries, Ultra Beasts, or Alola forms):  
10. Toxapex  
09. Bewear  
08. Drampa  
07. Crabominable  
06. Toucannon  
05. Araquanid  
04. Salazzle   
03. Kommo-o  
02. Mudsdale  
01. Primarina
Another vote for Mudsdale here. Absolute monster and Stamina is extremely good. I'm excited to try him in the Battle Spot. I wonder why they didn't name him Claydale, since he's based on a Clydesdale draft horse. Would have been more fitting. 
Minior and Pyukumuku. I adore these little fellas.
I just can't stop laughing every time I see Alolan Exeggutor so I would have to say that but if you mean 100% new then probably araqanid. I just love how it looks and I like the concept behind it.
Kommo-o!!!!!
I for some reason really liked Ribombee. I never really liked Beautifly, Butterfree, or Beedrill that much. Vespiquen was too hard for me to get at times so, there was that, but Ribombee/Cutiefly was there right at the beginning of the game with some really decent moves imo. Had it all the way through the game and it's still in my party as I type this.
Drampa is adorable and tanky. Calm mind and berserk let's it sweep with hyper voice, it's move pool is insane, and it has roost access. I love sending him out on walls only to bounce between low health to max out spa on one calm mind. With the trade exp boost he was my highest leveled Pokemon, and got to act as the grandpa to my team. 
I like Palossand. Its design and Pokedex entry are one of the best things of him.
Kommo-o and Lycanroc are my pokebros this gen. Both carried for me in game and they just look badass
Tapu Koko is a delight and Incineroar is everything I hoped and dreamed it would be... but Toxapex is so amazing it feels almost broken. I've taken down Pokemon ten levels higher than mine with Baneful Bunker/Toxic + Venoshock w/Merciless + Baneful Bunker/Recover to stall out any remaining HP
"I generally think they are pretty weak"
Scizor would like to have a word with you. 
Salazzle razzles and dazzles.
Hey, I'm using the same moveset as you!
You mean "What is your second favourite, after Mimikyu?", right?


Mimikyu is the cutest, saddest, most adorable, creepiest, most hit-you-in-the-feels Pokemon in a *long* time. Everything from his design to his battle abilities to his [island challenge](/spoiler) were all ridiculously good.

I'm also a huge fan of Minior, Salazzle, Decidueye, and Wishiwashi.
If Alolan forms count then easily Raichu. If not then probably Vikavolt.
I love Bewear and Oranguru.
Vikavolt. Even though it takes forever to get it, the special attack stat is amazing. Moves like thunderbolt deal so much damage. Minus it's awful speed. 
ribombee
Wishiwashi is *so cool*. The idea of a bunch of puny, weak fish combining into one giant terrifying creature is so fascinating.
As a Pokemon, Shiinotic. As a machine of death, Mudsdale. I have waited a long time for a mushroom themed Pokemon I actually liked, and it's unique move Strength Sap is really cool and interesting. 
Shiinotic gets me because it's one of the more malevolent Fairy-types.

Its color scheme could use a lot of work, though.
Crabdominable. I dont know why but its just so cool to me. Also wishiwashi has to be one of the coolest water pokemon out there. Schooling is such a cool ability.
Kartana the origami samurai monster. Running through battle tree and petting that adorable creature is hands down my favorite.
Bewear! So stronk. 
Same as you, honestly. I'm a simple person. I like cool and unique Pokemon. Golisopod is awesome looking and has semi unique stats, unique typing, unique ability, and a unique signature move. It also left a great impression (pun intended) when it annihilated my Raichu first turn with first impression. I immediately looked up how to get one after that fight. 
It's still Mimikyu, but I have places in my heart for Ribombee, Crabrawler, Toucannon, Charjabug, Lurantis, Stufful, Bewear, Mudsdale, Pyukumuku, Salandit, Salazzle, and the Rowlet line. Oh, and of course Cosmog just for being insanely cute. gonna need that plushie soon, Nintendo. 
Komala. As an Australian, I'm happy we get another Aussie Pokemon
Wow people put way more thought into this than I did.

I'm a emotionally attached to my pokemon team so my favorites shifted a bit since beating the game.

It's a four way tie between Primarina because she's my starter and has been my MVP (Most valuable pokemon) maybe only second to Snorlax, Alolan Raichu because it just looks so friendly and I can't help but love it plus it's my lowest level team member but still manages to outspeed and paralyze pokemon 15 levels higher, Lycanroc (Midnight) my heavy hitter that's always in my second slot because it can use rock slide and end most double battles in one move and on top of that I'm furry garbage, and the only one on this list not on my team Alolan Meowth because It conveys a lot of personality through it's animations which is something I feel S&M really nailed but what sets Meowth apart for me is just that I feel it's personality matches mine best.
Lurantis
Primarina. My god.

This is very much a Pokemon that feels like it was *designed* for me. I've always adored Water types, I always choose that starter (and not even out of loyalty for the type, I try choosing others, but I always love the design and using water types so much more.) And when the fairy type was introduced, I fell in love with it, especially using my first Sylveon. This made Azumarill, which I already quite liked, skyrocket to one of  my (if not the aboslute) favourite pokemon.

And then, I've always been a mermaid person. As a kid, my favourite Disney Princess was easily Ariel, and as I grew older the idea of Mermaids/Sirens killing people intrigued me- but I still mostly loved the aesthetic of pearls and starfish and all that.|

Not to mention, I've always loved sailor-style fashion things.

Primarina is all of this embodied in one Pokemon. Holy fuck is this easily one of my favourite pokemon. And then, I got a female one to start with- something that's only ever happened with my first starter as well. I knew she was special from the moment I walked in.

(Shoutout to Salandit, who I fell in love with right away (although I'd love it heaps more if people wouldn't draw constant porn...) and Alolan Raichu for being the cutest damn thing.)
Salandit. 

I already liked it because of the typing, and then I met it in pokemon Refresh. IT is adorable!!
Nebby (Lunala)
For me it was a tie between midnight Lycanrock and Minior. It's definitely a great time to be a fan of the Rock Type.
Wanna guess?
Dhelmise. 

Spooky Anchor is best anchor. I love this goofy thing so much that I'm building a team around it as an opener. Cast Anchor Shot then switch into a bulky sweeper. 

If only this thing got Leech Seed!
Vikavolt and Alolan Sandslash with Iron Defense in their movesets were the major reason I got through the league. Vikavolt had a ridiculous 204 Special Attack when it evolved at Poni Canyon which was well worth the wait to evolve Charjabug. And even though I wasn't patient enough to get Slush Rush for Sandslash, Snow Cloak still saved me on a couple of occasions.
Lycanroc-S. So sleek, so keen. Stealth rock and two priority moves? Yes please. 
Pyukumuku is the most adorable little sea cucumber.

Usage wise Ribombee and Oricorio aced their way through this 
game. 

Ribombee with q-dance, dazzling gleam, pollen puff, and draining kiss.

Oricorio with roost, teeter dance, air slash, and revelation dance.

I thought I'd be replacing them early on but they managed to stay the entire time.
I'm just going to post my whole team excluding Alolan Marowak and Snorlax, because I love all of them.

Decidueye. I adore this bird. Grass types have always been my favorite, and Decifueye had quickly become my favorite of all. I've always loved Archery and Owls, so this felt like Decidueye was hand crafted for me.

Vikavolt. This bug is a damn beast. I had to wait till the last island for her to evolve but damn was she worth it. My favorite bug design ever, it looks so damn badass.

Mudsdale. A tank man, he eats hits like a boss and returns them with so much more power. 

My Wishiwashi. I loved her since I first saw a trailer for it. A beast on the field that surprised me with its type coverage. 

Just as a side note, in every other game, I'd switch my team around post game to have the Legandaries, having my Starter be the only real one leveling. But this gen is differnt. I love my team I had the whole way through, and I'm keeping it. And thanks to Poke Pelago, I don't feel like a jerk for boxing all my Legendaries. 


Bewear. He's so tanky while still packing a huge punch plus his pre Evo is adorable 
Araquanid, and Alolan Ninetails (if that counts).
Mimkyu

This pokemon has definitely been the most clutch and most dependent pokemon in the game so far for me. I love this little guy

I also made a Golisopod. Him and Mudsdale do work in battle tree for me

Also try running A-Raichu Speed Swap with Golisopod...it's devastating 
Araquanid
Cutiefly surprisingly, it just really is that cute to me! I am actually planning on getting mine to level 100 with no evolution!
I have always liked Sandshrew/slash, and I also love ice, so when they got an ice form, I knew this would be a new favourite as well! Haven't caught one yet though. And its also kind of sad that I can't bring over my perfect shiny Sandslash from Alpha Sapphire :/ Took ages to breed her. 
Mudsdale. The only Pokemon on my team to never faint because he has a determination to destroy all near him. Downside, he one shot one of the ultra beasts.
I love my boy Tony the Tiger, but you probably know him as Incineroar.
My favorite is the fire Oricorio. So much flare and personality. I always got excited whenever I used him in battle. I also love Wishiwashi.
Mimikyu and Salandit/Salazzle are my favorites from this new gen. However finding a female Salandit was a bitch and a half.
Alolan Golem. Somewhat unpopular but he is really fun to use. Named mine Hertz after the scientist.
If "new" only means Gen VII Pokémon, then Incineroar.
I love a lot of Pokemon this gen, it's the first gen I've had to legitimately THINK about what starter to choose. But my favorite this gen has to be a 3 way tie Vikavolt, Primarina and Salazzle. 
Only one was real, and it says 'Cubble', which is what I expected it to be called when it was released in Corocoro
Who is Olivia?
For ghost types, use a Scrappy Pangoro to false swipe.
Recycle is really only good for chaining ditto.  I don't really see the point in wasting the move slot otherwise when pelago can crank out 216 berries at a time.
I posted a set up for Abra last night, the main thing being that you need a move that prevents fleeing. I learned that when there are more than 1 Abra teleport fails, but when you switch to a new Abra you need to trap the new one before fainting the old one. My set up included stealth rocks to test for magic guard, if you are only worried about IVs or shinies you could switch it for something else (I actually recommend recycle leppa berry because trapping moves have terrible pp)

For pyukumuku that creates an interesting problem. I actually have yet to encounter one but it's only offensive moves are Bide and counter, so a ghost type will help there. Then you need to make sure you have a recovery option to deal with innards out. I would actually recommend false swiping it to one before KOing it, to minimize damage at the cost of doubling the time investment. 
Works on iPhone pretty well but there are a couple of issues, literally two ive found

Maxing out an EV bar is nigh impossible by dragging, meaning that unless you choose a preset stat spread you have to input the values manually 
And the app likes to zoom in, meaning you have to zoom out pretty frequently 
Not that I'm aware of, sadly.
it works on iphone. Not as good as on PC but usable 
It sort of works on my S5, but I only do randoms when i'm casually playing on my phone.
It does, search for the .apk and you'll find one. The interface is much better than running within a browser.
This would be nice... Instead of Pokémon centers, there could be churches which heal your Pokémon "with Arceus' holy power" or whatever.
Try Pokémon Conquest
Pokeballs without technology?! Half life 3 confirmed... maybe?
Good fan game material
I actually wrote up part of a Pokemon Tabletop United campaign kinda like that. More of a light-hearted High Fantasy, but it was really an interesting spin to put on it.  
  
Using magic helps explain away a bunch of the weird stuff, and you can mess with world-building in a really fun way. Maybe I'll post the stuff later.
I don't now the trigger for it but I got waterfall and surf from a double battle on poni island right outside the ruins cave entrance.

I had beaten the E4 and the UB story line.
They aren't available till postgame.
While I still miss my ORAS postgame loop - The Tauros Pen is more than sufficient. Also, you'll still need to breed Alola-native offspring of your Gen 6 stuff, because for Online Play under VGC rulesets 'mons need to be Alola-native  and in the Alola dex.
I found a shiny before I found the salamence. The salamence only came when I was trying to capture the shiny... 
Can't you just catch Bacon and evolve it to Salesman?
Around how much time did you spend?
my results: 15 hours for a salamence, and 2 shiny bagons. I didn't leave melelelelele island until I had replaced my starter with level 12 salamence.  Called at least 500 bagons before I got it :|  

edit: lpt when salamence hunting, remember that lv 9 bagons only have 75 pp because they don't get bite until level 10. i had like 3 of them struggle to death before i figured out why it happens
First Bagon I found I accidentally killed both Bagon after like the tenth Bagon iirc. So I had to find another one lol thankfully found Salamence after like 20-30 i don't remember whatever I just remember I got lucky to both a) find two wild Bagon, and b) get Salamence fairly quickly.
I got super lucky, and had a person on GTS trade me a shiny Bagon early on.

Why are you hunting for a Salamance in particular? And not just catching a Bagon, and raising it?
I got lucky and got a Salamence on about the fifth call after finding a Bagon after about 10 minutes.

Granted, I had chained on two previous occasions for 45 minutes each with no Salamence. Still lucky compared to others that have spent hours upon hours.
The first two bagon I ran into only took like 30 mins total. At the time I didn't know they wouldn't SOS if paralyzed. It's been hours and I haven't found another .-.
Got salamence after 17 calls last night
I just gave up and said forget it, I'll take a Bagon... 
I feel bad saying this but Salamence was the first ally Bagon summoned for me. I thought that was how it was supposed to be.
I chained for an hour and no Mence :( got a 4iv Bagon tho
First try: Took about 1 hour to find a Bagon. Chained about 30 of them before I accidentally killed it by switching to my Kadabra which got burned switching into an Ember (Synchronize burned the Bagon which killed it immediately).

Spent another 3-4 hours trying to find a Bagon. Got a Salamence on the second SOS.
15 encounters for my bagon - Salamance on second SOS :( I wanted to hunt for a shiny but quit as I figured I had already wasted all my luck lol
Not bad. The first time I did this the original bagon ran out of attacks and did a struggle...after I had it kept at 1hp due to faint swipe.

Rip.
First time I ever did a chain battle was for a salamance and it showed up after 3 calls. Must've been lucky.
I never understood the need for a level 11 Salamence. The game is already easy as it is (plus, giving a Lucky Egg to Bagon will make it evolve into Salamence by beating the league twice).
You must have more determination than me. I spent about 10 minutes trying to pull a goomy in the rain before giving up. I ended up trading some poor Japanese child a rufflet for one.
I feel like it's going to take ages to find a Bagon in the first place. It's a 1% encounter rate, right?
I also got a shiny before the salamence.. the salamence never showed up.. I'm thinking of trying again.
Did this with Riolu, thinking I'd chain till I either found Lucario or a shiny, & ended up tiring out at 150. Got neither.
Took me 11 hours to find Bagon. SOS chained another 7 hours before bumping my cartridge accidentally. Total time spent: 18 hours. Shinies: 0. Salamence: 0.
I swear it took longer than that for me. But hey, I ended the hunt with a HA (Moxie) Salamence.

Chances are if you take that long, you'll get some excellent potential on it, too. Can't wait to have mine rated after I complete the story!
Serebii already tells the percent chance of seeing it. When it shows will be different for every one.
First Bagon I encountered after 20 mins of walking in the grass summoned a salamence after the end of the first turn 
I traded my level 43 golem for a level 1 bagon. I still like my deal. 
That's not bad at all. It took me longer than that to actually find a Bagon
I got so lucky today! I sos chained once for 45 bagon calls and then killed the og bagon by accident so I started over and the first Bagon called on my second attempt was a shiny!
I had 6 Bagon, 4 blanks, and 1 Salamence.
I got my Salamance on the first call for help on my Bagon.
Yes, you're supposed to share with friends. A sort of 'where did you get that?' And you can show them the QR code and they can search all the want 
Remember that the 3ds family has the ability to take screenshots and you can transfer those to your PC. ;)

Alos, fun fact: ANY QR code apparently works for the scan feature.
What do you mean by "any qr Code?" If i scan a random code on a flyer what would i get?
And also, what is the sense behind scanning Codes of shiny pokemon?
here is a link with all the qr codes:

http://www.technobuffalo.com/2016/11/28/pokemon-sun-and-moon-qr-codes-right-here/
Likely a distribution down the road.
currently not possible
Probably it's an event only Pokémon.
Event only, only way to get it right now is through hacking.
They all have to finish the demo, If you try to transfer more then once it'll say you've already transfered your gift. 

This is why it warns you to be sure you have the correct game in to redeem.
yes I got my items and ash greninja in sun and moon
Yup every pokemon will run out of moves at some point and start struggling.
Not unique to Bagon. You will want to switch out older sos chain 'mons every now and then for exactly that reason. Chains should be fine as long as the other pokemon is of the same species (or family, dunno about that).
ya you gotta switch to a summoned bagon after a bit so this dont happen, doest break the chain as long as its same poke as initial encounter
Switch out every 10 to 15 that way to avoid this
I doubt it can copy Imposter since most of the time the Pokemon lost won't have Imposter anymore (unless it tried to Imposter transform against a Substitute or something).

It also can't copy Wonder Guard.

It also can only take over one ability since after that it loses Power of Alchemy, so you can't have Wonder Guard *and* Levitate *and* Battle Armor...

And yes, it only works in doubles.

It's basically the exact same thing as Receiver (Passimian) for whatever reason.
When it says that she wants to talk to you, the following message is *from* her - she's basically phoning you using Rotom-Dex.
currently no access to my ds but from the top of my head i remember she is in the futuristic house on route 15, right after the kapu village
No, it's not a programming error.        
Sinnoh's magnetic evolution area wasn't a power plant, it was Mt Coronet.
No it's definitely deliberate. It does feel like it's a bit late for evolutions but my charjabug never felt like it was falling behind my fully evolved pokemon so I didn't mind.
You can do it, it'll just be tedious as hell what with all the grinding you'll have to do to cover weaknesses. I think starting with Rowlet would be the easiest playthrough.
I doubt it. There's water, fire, and grass trials, along with other types that are hard to get coverage on with one Pokemon.
Maybe you could manage with a good normal type with access to some coverage moves, like that Munchlax they're giving out?  Would still be a grind, but outside of Hau's grandfather I haven't seen too many fighting types.
Everything can be related to Eva if you dig deep enough
I would actually love being able to dive again. Ever since RSE/ORAS, it's always felt like such a missing feature, since they always seem to include either the move Dive or Dive Balls and to me, it just feels weird not being able to use Dive Balls when you're diving underwater. I know they still work effectively when not diving but to me, it still feels weird.

My only gripe with diving is that I would not want it to be so obvious, where we have to dive like it was in RSE/ORAS. I would love being able to get out to sea, dive anywhere, and find my way around after that. Instead of set paths underwater, have an entirely open underwater landscape for us to traverse without feeling subjected to follow some laid out path that either takes us to dive spot A or dive spot B. Idk if that makes sense lol
>diving 

>immersive 

Heh
Tapu Keko
I call the ghost type anchor thing "dead weight".  "Dead" because it's a ghost type.  "Weight" because it's literally an weight.
I named my Wishiwashi Modesty. 
Toucannon Sam, LuchaLitten, Tony the Tiger, Garfield, Nebby. Those are the only ones I cant think of.
I named my wimpod Shinji Ikari. Everytime he would wimp out I'd yell at him to get in the damn battle.
Called my Rowlett "Hoobert". I know it's stupid but I like it
Called my Alolan Raichu Pancakes after the ~~ridiculous~~ explanation the Pokemon website gave for it changing form in Alola. 

Appropriately, once I got a Mimikyu, I named it Waffles... *shrug*
Pearl for Pikepek
There's only one nickname I am going to use when I get the game. And that's nebby
I would name my team after famous worldwide cities. Because why not?
Can't decide between my team's names
Aria (Primarina)
Phantomolt (Marowak)
Elexo (Vikavolt)
Tropicala (Toucannon)
Nebby
Phoenix (Talonflame)

Aslowa
I named decidueye Birbadook 
Syren for Popplio 
I wonder if the prize is going to be 2000 for all players or if it scales depending on how much each player contributes.
How do we participate exactly?(Sorry for sounding dumb first time playing a pokemon game)
So I'm getting my copy in 2 days is it OK if im late?
LET'S GET DOWN TO BUSSINESS

TO CATCH

THE MONS! 
But I am terrible at catching Pokémon. Nobody tell Rotom, since he seems to genuinely believe he is hanging out with someone that can fill a Pokedex.
At some point in the chain you need to kill the old Caller and have a new one call.
Switch the Abras. Every couple turns, ko the older one. The newer one will still call for help.
Would be funnier if machamp was wearing one of those baby backpack things instead of holding you like a cripple.
It's Hodor and Bran
Bridal carry is the most practical way, have you seen how wide machamp shoulders are? 
Machamp could just follow you around and move stuff but hey
They really missed an opportunity in nat making it a machamp-sized babybjorn
451 chain :( I admire your patience, I get bored far too easily, the longest chain I've done is 30 :( 
Congrats! What's the nature/IVs?
How long did it take you to chain 451 of them?
Congratulations! I got a my first shiny of gen 7 4 days after launch, the fastest I have ever caught a shiny.
Better if you actually do manage to take it.

Trade Alolan Persian holding Bus Stop -> Catbus.
I can't stop laughing XD
Best advice is to breed a lot of something people want and put them up for trade for random Dittos (like starters or fossils), and while waiting for the trades go catch Dittos yourself. Don't chain them, just catch the first one you see. Keep that up and eventually you should have your 0 speed Ditto. With odds of 1/32 (and slightly less from the GTS) of getting the desired 0 speed, I'd probably fill up an entire box of 30 then check the whole batch. 
Pray. :D
There's that Synchronize ability.. ;)
They already have that, it's called Soft Reset and Synchronise.

But on a more serious note, that would be lovely. 
I wouldn't mind a consumable like the ability capsule. It would change your pokemon to a random nature, and cost the same as an ability capsule. It would be an item I could actually see be implemented in later games. 
Would it work on dittos?
Personally I've been really disappointed I can't see my party on the bottom screen, that was so useful for breeding to know if I've picked up my 5 eggs or not yet when I'm not paying attention.
Think it might be planning ahead for stars. Not sure though. Would prefer if they fused Rotom's map function with the Gen 6 bottom screen, made it into 4 tabs and shit.
When Rotom got the camera app I got all excited because I thought we were getting Poketch 2.0 NOPE.
Innards out does the exact number of HP done when it dies back as damage. It definitely sucks to be about to KO something and they predict and switch into Pyu and you lose your sweeper
False Swipe new meta.
Who needs teammates when you can get a revenge-kill for yourself.
if only he ran rocky helmet
Apparently Gen 5 (Volcarona, Galvantula, Genesect, the two trade bugs, Levanny if you count it more as a bug, etc) never happened
Not to mention Ribombee. It's so fast and it has quite a few great moves. Seriously, every single Bug-type here are just so amazing in general.
They even buffed Masquerain by like 40 stats, which is pretty huge.

Still a crap pokemon and I had a harder time with Guzma's pinsir.
The only problem I have is that FUCKING early exit ability that golisopod has. It's so fucking annoying, like slaking goofing around level annoying. 
Ribombee is 8 inches of concentrated death.
How does Vikavolt fair competitively? The Sp. Atk is amazing, but that speed is just blegh and its defenses are kinda poor
Leech Life being super buffed and almost all bug types having Bug Bite has really helped me seriously consider at least a pokemon with a bug secondary typing being on my team to beat psychic and dark types.
Bug type moves got buffed in general. Fell Stinger up to 50 power from 30, Leech Life is now a staple (80 power from 20!) rather than throw-away, 3 new Bug type moves with at least 80 base power...
>vikavolt is great

Design-wise, yeah, but it will see zero use in competitive play.
They really pushed Bug-Type and Bug-Type legends. 
Gen 2 had Shuckle, Scizor, Heracross and Forretress Gen 5 had Leavanny, Galvuntula, Genesect, Escavalier
I just wish they woulda buffed Ledian and Ariados. Ledian was gonna be my elite four bug until I saw Golisopod, and  I considered taking Ariados because I love the design so much. But it was a liability to my team.

Especially since Guzma kept anchoring his. Like, if your Golisopod isn't gonna do anything then what do you expect your essentially statless half-spider to do?
Whats the amazing ability Araquanid has?
I doubt the honeymoon will be very long.
Eww.
Well, this game _is_ called Pokemon **SM** for a reason.
It's like Zangoose and Seviper
More like a pair of mantises, in which case, the male will end up headless...
[Heres your soundtrack](https://youtu.be/izGwDsrQ1eQ) just spam corsola's cry about ten times and add few Mareanie's cries.
Yes
Box legendaries and Necrozma aren't eligible for Online play IIRC.
Toxapex is apparently the new OP dirtbag. atleast thats what i been told.
Maybe go for a Special based pokemon? Youve got a ton of physical users, so something like Alakazam might work well.
[Oh hey another opportunity to flaunt my prized pokemon!](https://i.reddituploads.com/b549ad2177c64ab0a3984e220112e3d5?fit=max&h=1536&w=1536&s=ef1fc4170388b3f45da25837bcf09d87)

I can't remember the specifics, but she has 4 perfect IVs and (unfortunately) a neutral nature. It could be worse. It could have been adamant. 
Looking for a stuffle to complete my dex and got a random shiny slazzle or whatever its called and also a shiny smeargle after 800ish encounters 
1. Get a Mareanie from GTS.
2. Even if it's HA, just breed it to get regular ability.
3. ????
4. Profit
First mistake was watching versify 
I am sorry for you loss. I got my marenie by trading my rowlett for a bruxish, and in turn trading the bruxish for a mareanie. So it took me a total of 5ish minutes to get it. I suggest you do the same.
This is why I research the SOS chain before building a team for it.                
But yeah, just breed one. The only reason to catch it yourself is if you want a certain ball (I did).
My Gts one had this I think, props for grinding it out though.
I've Wonder Traded like 20+ Mareanies... clearly I need to send more around.
I can give you one. Most of us could.
I have a couple merciless mareanies if you want one
Wow unlucky I am able to find Mareanie after 5 minutes of searching every time 
this is a really cool part of the game. actual food-chain type scenarios 
Damn, that's unfortunate. As others have said, you can breed it yourself.

However I found saving at the bubbling fishing spot and soft resetting was much faster than surfing away and back again.
Wow I guess I got incredibly lucky. Went for a corsola without knowing of mareanie existence. Got the corsola on first or 2nd try. First turn in without damaging they called in the mareanie. 
That's awesome. It's also nightmare fodder.
Pelago requires literally zero skill. Leave them there for a few days and you're free do do other stuff (in Isle Evelup with the right drink, but you get unlimited drinks).
Another technique is to find a 5 star rare restaurant in the plaza (avoid buying 4 stars or lower). You also need to have your plaza at lvl 30 too.

Once you get both, the restaurant can sell a rare food that boosts pokemon under lvl 89 by a whopping 9 levels. Which means the restaurant can boost your pokemon lvl very quickly to about 98 (for a price).
Same way as you do in Sun
Not intentional.

But the place off of Route 8? definitely was.
I think you mean TM76
They just come in different colors. The bouncy houses have the best chance of being the "correct" answer when sometime asks for a recommendation
No video but [this](http://www.idigitaltimes.com/pokemon-sun-and-moon-breeding-guide-everything-you-need-customize-your-perfect-569271) will help you understand everything from IVs to natures, egg moves, and egg groups. For a 6IV ditto, you can try your luck and hope you catch a giveaway on r/breedingdittos try and trade for one on r/pokemonplaza or IV chain for at least a 4iv one [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5eahum/how_to_chain_for_iv_dittos/) best guide I've seen on catching high IV dittos, and a level 24+ meowth with pick up ability has a chance of picking up destiny knots which you'll need to pass down ivs, or buy one for BP at the Battle tree good luck!
I don't know about a video, but I can give you a decent summary here.

First of all, you're going to need two items: Everstone, and Destiny Knot. The former is given to you at some point in the story, and is also common on wild Roggenrola. The latter is a little trickier- you can buy one with BP, but half the point of breeding is to make battle facilities easier, right? Fortunately, you can get one with Pickup- the current Pickup theory is that the full table is available from the start, with odds increasing in your favor as the Pickup user levels up. I used a team of level 21 Meowth, got a Destiny Knot in about 10 minutes.

Now, normally breeding works like this: a new Pokémon is generated, matching the lowest evolutionary stage of the mother (or the parent that isn't a Ditto when they get involved). Then, three stats are chosen at random. For each of those stats, the new Pokémon's IV for that stat is replaced with either of the parents' IV in the same stat. Note that under normal conditions, there's no guarantee which parent's IVs will pass on. The other three stats will use a random IV like normal- naturally, it's possible for the random IV to match one of the parents' IVs just out of sheer luck.

If one of the parents was holding a Destiny Knot, then instead of 3 IVs the child will inherit 5. Meaning only 1 out of 6 stats will be generated at random, and the rest will be grabbed from the parents. Again, it could be any number from either parent- the Destiny Knot doesn't make one parent more influential than the other. This is how you get perfect or near-perfect IVs- keep replacing parents until you get one that has everything you need.

EDIT: I realize I never explained the Everstone. You probably already know this since it's a pretty well-known trick, but if a Pokémon is holding an Everstone then it will pass down its nature to its offspring. Typically you will be breeding using an Everstone and a Destiny Knot, unless you really need an incense baby or something.

Getting a 6 IV Ditto without hacking is difficult. Getting one with 4 is actually quite simple, though. You'll need at the very least a Pokémon that ONLY knows Recycle (Munchlax is often recommended), and a Pokémon that knows Switcharoo or Trick (Hypno is an easy one if you're far enough in the game) holding a Leppa Berry. Have the first Ditto transform into the recycler. Then Switcheroo/Trick the Leppa Berry onto the Ditto (DO NOT USE BESTOW- Ditto have a very good chance of holding one of the powders). Now that Ditto will never Struggle. You then need to use an Adrenaline Orb to instigate a chain. Having a Pokémon with False Swipe knock the Ditto to 1 HP will also help here. KO each Ditto that comes to help the original, and keep track of how many you take down. Once you've KOd at least 40, catch the next one to appear (NOT THE ORIGINAL THAT BECAME YOUR RECYCLER). It's guaranteed at least 4 IVs of 31. If you're lucky, one of the others will roll 31. If you're crazy-lucky, both will.
That would interesting. I'd like to see more than one region in a game and going from alola to kanto or vice versa would be neat. With kukui building a Pokémon league (and the construction sites likely being gyms) I doubt we'll get a game that doesn't take place at least partly in alola, but I agree kanto has a lot going for it in a future game. 
> (which is most likely Brock)

[That's...](http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/932/537/71b.jpg) actually a solid theory.
I'd be okay with that. I loved Sun and Moon's story, I'd love to see it be continued. But if it's going to contain Alola AND Kanto (maybe Johto since it's attached to Kanto) it can't be on the 3DS. It'd simply be too much for it, Sun and Moon are already pushing it as it is.
As of right now, we're sitting at 29 Pokemon out of 100 million. It's going to be a long road...
To quote the website: 

"The first global mission will be for Trainers to catch as many Pokémon as they can to reach the collective goal. If everyone combines their efforts to catch 100 million Pokémon between November 29 and December 13, 2016, each participant will receive 1,000 Festival Coins as a reward. If the goal isn’t met, Trainers who contributed will still receive a participation prize of 100 Festival Coins. To be sure that your Pokémon bounty gets included in the final count, be sure to use Game Sync by December 13."
I saw it as 100 million. Global link went down really fast.
Whats global link...?
Would that be from commencement of the mission do you think? Or total so far plus what you catch after mission starts?
Guess I'll save working on my Pokedex until then
Get ready for 100 million Yungoos
We've killed the site. :(
Dark types are immune to prankster boosted moves. The status straight up up fails.
Did you use Klefki with Prankster to do that? Dark types are immune to status moves that have their priority increased by Prankster.
Mine would have trouble walking straight since I go in circles in the broken fence area directly South of the day care. Rides can't fit through the fence, so you can safely ride in circles there without watching the screen. 
> flames

Um, actually, they're ionized particles )8\^|

^^^/s
Stupid question but do the shiny codes give shiny Pokemon?
Are you sure it actually attacked its ally? The weak one might have just used Struggle (or a move with recoil) and died from it, and you might have missed it if you were doing something else at the time (like a lot of people seem to do when they are chaining).
I didn't know stufful was so vicious with its own kind o_0 thanks for the warning though, I was actually planning to chain then when I got some free time. 
It would have been found in the data mine 100%. The mine has every single line of dialog in the game. This community really likes to try and get something more out of the game. I know it's fun and all, but what you wrote is obviously not gonna work and is just reaching for a r connections. 
I do, but why would it be patched out?

Whichever has the better nature! I'm happy either way.
It'll be added via an update when pokebank releases in January. 

Currently there's no need for a national Dex, as it is impossible to obtain pokemon not already on Alola.
[Pokebank is getting a new national dex feature when it updates for sun and moon.](http://www.pokemon-sunmoon.com/en-au/pokemon-bank/) Looks like it'll sync your dex progress across multiple games. 
Because the National Dex will be a part of Bank itself starting from it's January update.
Chill your Mudsdales man!
The rates are assumed to be 1/512. I don't think there is any hard proof for that yet though.
Mega Altaria. Pixilate is a great ability to pair with Return
Mega Altaria or Latias with a Soul Dew
It's pretending to be a lamp post probably.
It really bugs me how Anabel mentions trying to protect populated areas, but doesn't bother to evacuate the people in the areas that the UBs actually are.
Probably similar to how lilie didn't notice that the palm tree beside her had 3 heads and a tail with a head on it.
Rolling a 20 on a stealth check
I really wish that the legendaries and ultra beasts had overworld sprites in this  game, maybe even their own place.

I guess Necrozma technically did, but you still find him in the grass.

Just one of my weird complaints with this game. I love it, but making these random grass/cave encounters just seems weird to me.
Metal Gear Celesteela - Phantom Beast
It could just be flying in the air, and it notices you because you're a Faller. You're basically Ultra Beast bait, so it has this uncontrollable desire and it immediately slams down to the ground to fight you (and in the process, crushes the Pokemon in the tall grass that originally triggered the battle).
Its related to Kellam from Fire Emblem.
So you're telling me a 10 year old child is capable of enslaving the almighty God, creator of everything within the pokemon universe, use it as a weapon, and no one really bats a fucking eye?
It's pretending to be one of the bamboo plants in Malie Garden 
The size of the UBs are still crazy to me 
It was laying down.
Because video games.
LOL
Because it couldn't theoretically dig or drop on it's face and hide. Or just levitate far above you
This is clearly the work of a tactical genius...
I mean you can bring up giant water pokemon using a rod (and they float over solid ground).... realism has never been a thing
When rotom says sina wants to talk with you she then starts talking to you using rotom like a phone. You don't actually have to go find her. 
You meet with her after completing the ghost trial and crossing a river.
Build a competitive team.

And get the Pokedex entries for Pokemon only found in Sun/Moon
Battle tree , get all TMs / Plates ,  fill pokedex , get zygarde with power construct or idk
Get ever TM

Start a living dex of the alola Pokémon 

Battle tre

Zygote cells
Go shiny hunting 
It's not in the strategy guide so no. Not that I know of 
http://www.serebii.net/pokedex-sm/303.shtml

Both say Transfer Required.
Omg more concept art pls
I hope you are happy with yourself, you made me buy this.
I've been wondering if its worth getting. As in is there more data and info in there than on serebi etc?
seeing all these pics makes me want that so bad 
Would be stoked if you could scan these. Lovely stuff
As a printmaker I am SUPER stoked video games are doing this more and more. Things like strategy guides and companion books fell off once the Internet made a lot of its contents redundant, but now they're coming back full swing with an emphasis on concept art, quality graphic design, nice materials, ahhh I love it. "Collectors" stuff has always been pretty nice but I was really missing the strategy guides and "behind the scenes" stuff as physical objects you can enjoy. 
does the guide show the locations of pokemon?
I have one that I preordered from GameStop, but I can't find the map in it. Do you remember where you pulled it from?
I ordered this myself... But that second guide says Pokedex and Post Game. Do I seriously need a different guide for the post game content?
Hard Cover? I thought there was only Paperback versions? How much interesting info is in there? Is it like a portable non-electronic Bulbapedia?

I might actually get one then...
This actually brings up some questions... we only saw Grimsley once, right? Who was he? And did we even meet 'Ryuki'? 
/u/babaganoush7930 I know you were asking about it. :)
I think it's a given he'll likely own toucannon, or at least it's pre-evos since he's owned nearly if not all the regions birds
Unlikely he'll evolve the whole way to decidueye
IMO to properly complete the pokedex youd just need the entry for every mon
you mean a living dex? or just aquiring the dex entry?

I would think people would just want the dex entry
You can yes, but that's just to have the Dex entries, it's an added challenge to show you've caught them all of you have a living dex which is where you catch all of them, including Pre evolutions
I personally like having a living dex. I actually have a full national dex one in my Omega Ruby, once PokeBank comes out I plan on moving it too Sun. I like to keep updating it with pokemon I have never used in a party before every time I reset as well. It is just something to keep working on. 
Not really an unheard of incident.  Pokemon Red/Blue, you could trade a Nidoran ♂ for a Nidoran ♀ and later trade a Nidorino for a Nidorina.  You can do this again in FR/LG but it doubles up.  In FR you trade Nidoran ♂ and Nidorino for Nidoran ♀ and Nidorina respectively, then reverse for LG.  In HG/SS you can trade for an Onix early game, and then trade for a Steelix Post game.

In XY you can trade a Gyarados for a Magikarp if you want some icing for this cake.
It's not the real Pokémon 
the only difference is the time of day. so you can always have access to day/night evolutions and zyguarde locations ect. no harm
No harm whatsoever.
Youll want a Ditto with good IV's
Destiny Knot (passes 5 random IV's)
Everstone (Passes Nature)

put them both in the daycare
get eggs
run to hatch.
repeat until satisfied with result

thats the nutshell
I'm saving this thread for later. I'm in the exact same situation as you. This is the first time I've been interested in trying out the competitive scene, and I'm completely lost when it comes to breeding, natures, EV's, IV's, etc. Though I've been a fan of Pokemon since Red and Blue first came out, the competitive scene has always been kind of intimidating, and I feel totally lost. There's definitely others in the same boat as you!
I'd reccomend you watch [this](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1u_37RK-mFA) to get a basic understanding on IV's and EVS.

[This](http://www.smogon.com/forums/threads/breeding-perfect-pokemon-in-pokemon-x-y.3490432/) is a nice guide to breeding for IV's. It's meant for X+Y but gets the point across real good. 

Power items, Destiny Knot, a good IV Ditto and an Everstone are what you'll want to get stared in breeding.

[This](http://www.idigitaltimes.com/pokemon-sun-and-moon-ev-training-guide-ally-chaining-and-hyper-training-explained-569264) has some nice SuMo EV training tips.



People on r/pokemontrades seem to be pretty nice in giving away breedjects.

Also, if you'd like I can give you some breedjects later today when I get homes get you'd stayed. FC is 414150827679
Get lucky on a ditto giveaway

Obtain everstone and destiny knot.

Go wild.
Love and respect are two different things.

As for the game, it's because it's traded. Any Pokémon which does not have your ID wont obey until certain checkpoints.
You can max affection and friendship with your children and they still won't listen. Life lessons from Pokémon.
One detail I like is when a Pokémon uses Sucker Punch, they actually animate the target Pokémon starting up their attack animation before getting interrupted by the move.
Has no one mentioned the background scenery for Pokémon battles. Also, I'm loving that for the first time trainers are present throughout the battle. 
Come on now. As much as I love Pokemon and the little details they've added here and there, idle animations aren't exactly on the cutting edge of gaming. 
There's definitely surface similarities, but no story is completely original. I ended up laughing when the Sun mascot turned out to be a lion who could open portals to other dimensions with his roar, because it reminded me of Steven Universe's Lion, for example.

There's only so many ways to tell the "major female character is secretly the sibling of a minor antagonist (who's secretly a good guy) and daughter of the main villain (who is the head of a major corporation)" story line. Having a familiar story isn't a bad thing. Most of Shakespeare's plays are retelling of existing stories, but he put his own spin on them and they're considered classics of English literature. Lillie, Gladion and Lusamine still end up being quite different characters, with different story arcs from Ryuko, Satsuki and Ragyo.
Just look at Litten's forehead, looks like the stars/crosses you see in every transformation!
Comparing Sun and Moon to *Kill La Kill*?

[Pretty much me right now after reading this] (http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/166/110/373.gif)
Did you change the internal clock?
I messed with my internal clock to do the extra Cosmog quest, and got locked out of using most facilities in the Festival for two days.
Yanmask Y dex entry: Each of them carries a mask that used to be its face when it was human. Sometimes they look at it and cry.
Ghost Pokemon can be anything previously.  Sandygast is the grudge of Pokemon that were eaten by Palossand. According to the Pokedex Entries, both Pokemon and Human grudges can be used to make Sandygast. 

In XY and in SunMoon Phantump is the spirit of children that died in forests.

Lampent and Chandelure's Pokédex entries: It arrives near the moment of death and steals spirit from the body. Being consumed in Chandelure's flame burns up the spirit, leaving the body behind. The spirits burned up in its ominous flame lose their way and wander this world forever. 

Either you get sucked by the Chandelure line or become a ghost pokemon so much for afterlife in the pokemon world lol. 
There goes the theory that they're Clefable ghosts.
Pokedex Entries are made up by trainers. They are what 11 year old kids think when they see a Pokémon for the first time. 
There's a small fence area right in front of the Daycare, go in there then call Tauros, then dash in circles.

It's the best way to get and hatch eggs atm.
Get a bunch of Pickup Lillipup's near the Nursery. Then just KO the Pokemon until you get the Destiny Knot. Will be easier than going through Battle Tree/Royal
Just charge in circles in front of the Daycare door. Don't go into the fence, stepping down from Tauros to grab a new egg and then going back into the fence slows you down a lot.

Also keep grabbing eggs and sending them to the PC if your team is full.
You can only scan 10 a day.
You can scan 1 every 2 hours, and charges stack up to 10. So every 20 hours you can do the island scan. 
If you look at the top screen there is a series of pokeballs, these recharge at a rate of one every two hours. It costs one pokeball charge to scan one QR Code
That is a hairy belly button
I think you mean there are too many features, or that the content is too cluttered. If you do think there's too much content in SM then I'd love to hear what you think about BW2.
I thought the opposite, I loved every feature added, the SOS mechanic is much nicer and more streamlined than horde encounters. The lack of gyms makes for more important battles and important moments. And the amount of story and cutscenes was amazing. It felt like there was actually a story instead of just rehashing the same "bad guy tries to do bad things, take a legend, beat the gyms" plot line of previous games. Aether was such a cool idea that a good group was the main bad guy. Its not like team plasma who did bad things for a good cause they're run by a bad person who does good things for a good cause with an evil little circus show of pokemon on Pike's to show off to all her friends.

Sure some features ended up clunky or barely used like the poke finder (only used to get the stamp) and the festive plaza being less streamlined than the join avenue or the PSS which it tries to combine. But for the most part it was fantastically implemented, and it really didny feel like there was any more tutorial than any other games, and it was implemented in a much less jaring way
There's actually a PC Mode specifically to remove and edit hold items
Wait, why are you making your poor mons carry your beast balls for you? Carry your own enslavement devices, lazy oppressor.
Talk to looker when you have no beast ball. He'll give you an infinite amount
I've used my sun and moon on both my 3DS' and have never been locked out.
I personally gave mine Timid, speed is important, its got great bulk as it is, granted I'm no expert
I personally use Timid with 252 in HP, Spe with Moonblast, Nature's Madness, Taunt, and Defog
You could just get the tm from konikoni city's lighthouse. There's a path in diglett's tunnel that takes you there.
It looks like you can teach Sableye will-o-wisp through TMs.
Before you do, consider not doing it and EV train the Legendary first at Poké Pelago. I believe deleting EV points is quite tedious.
What dialogue?
It's encounter rate is 5% and it's not specific to any patches of grass. 
[nope.](http://www.serebii.net/pokedex-sm/location/766.shtml#sun) It's just luck. Provided you're playing Sun, of course.
It's everywhere. I've found 4.
I spent a good hour in there looking for Comfey and Passimian in there. Both had a 5% rate. I found three comfeys (one I accidentally knocked out, the other two were an SOS duo), and one Passimian in that time. 

They're both rare, just keep on looking :)
After observatory I found him in the power plant on Akala (I think). Idk if it's a specific order though.
There's the only one ice stone in Po Town
I think finding it at Isle Aphun is your best chance. Got 3 more ice stones from there
U can get lots in the pokepelago on whatever island it is that you can find stones in. I didn't have trouble finding three
You get one in po town 
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
It's a psychic foetus floating inside green foetus goo 
It's a god damned sword
It's purple and blue and it has BIG MEATY CLAWS.
Edgy mofo with an emo fringe
It's the shittiest Pikachu cosplayer ever
A fetus.
Large, caped meanie. 
Floating tie dye shirt.
Has a design that is lowkey inspired by the sun, but not in Alola.
It's Dr. Zoidberg but de-evolved a few million years. And he's blue, for some reason. 
It's brown and kicks stuff.
I guess I have to participate too.
 Kind of looks like Jigsaw and is most likely trapped in a box.
bird with hands
Imagine a fried egg, it needs to be viewed from a side angle. Now, put an actual egg on top of it. Add four sticks and you have the shape of my favorite pokemon.

Edit: The sticks do not represent legs or arms and the consistency of the fried egg is important.
Livng Chicken nugget
My favorite is in my flair, so I'll go with my second favorite: quadripedal metal Cookie Monster.
*click clack* bitch i just gotta fresh red paint job
Grey Garfield
It dreamed of getting high when it was young. 
It's a giant moth. 

Going with second favorite because of Flair.
It's a dirt chicken with big teeth.
Doopy catfish
Cute little spoon eating buttbunch
Edgy black design. Kind of a nightmare.
Gen 7's Magikarp
Her leg game is kinda thic
Ladyface with dress. 

Spooky mouse ghost. 

Big ol' rainbow chicken. 

Punchfrog.

Cold doggo.  

I like these, this is fun :D
Well,

It's Pikachu.
But not.
It's a wolf with jagged boulders jutting from its neck.
It's a black chicken tiki human without legs.
Blue daddy
He's very happy and spooky 
Second to my flair (Luxray)

Spoopy blue octopus (Hint: not Frillish or Jellicent!)
It is blue and has a type that doesn't make sense
A bird with rainbow triangles on its chest
An edgy bird 
Ole!
It's massive green bush should make it unable to move, but it's somehow really fast.
It's quad weak to ice and has a superior version of it in the next gen
It's legs are a delicacy in the Kalos region
Steel Godzilla
Leech with arms. Zap!
A long tailed girl. 
The first part of its name is a rock band and the second part comes from a large water reptile
Swole newt
Basically gains pokémon. Blue and tryna win UFC or some other shit with it's massive bicep gainz. 
Mmm, gems.
Dino with Christmas tree tail. 
It's blue and a frog.
Since I'm having a hard time deciding, here's three.

1. It's brown, it kicks you in the face, and it's ability makes it a broken as fuck tank.

2. It's green and brown, hates being frozen, and is a home for tiny Pokémon.

3. It's yellow and blue, and fires off super accurate Thunders.
leg
its anatomy makes no sense, it's a lot of people's least favorite or greatest annoyance, and even I find it kind of irritating at times when I'm trying to make it through caves, but I still love it
It lifts
a bipedal creature with a dress maid out of hair
Bacon.
Ghost that doesn't look like a ghost
Cute and Round.
It's green and pink and round and flies.
Small, blue, and likes to bite things
Lonely zipper buddy
Dog man
Its sole existence is to forecast the weather while cosplaying an Assassin.
edgy beam spamer
It's a yellow SOMETHING that has a red ball
Christmas Tree
Bush dog
It has a duel disk and a cloak to resemble Seto Kaiba
A blue starter genwunners barely accept even though it isn't first gen
furry immortal turtle
a bit of a hothead
Drunk panda.
It's small and adorable and sweet, and it doesn't try to attack people or anything, but if you poke yourself on it, you will die.
Mine's in my flair, so I'll do my 2nd favorite.

It's a green Psychic type with wings.
Purple goblin
Big cold fox with a buch of tails!
A dirty slug
It's an egg. With wings.
It's a dunce that shows up at the worst of times

not nearly as popular its pre evo but way cooler. But no one who doesn't play Pokemon cares.
It's skittles with wings
Is it derpy because it's absent minded or does it only appear derpy because its level of intelligence exceeds our comprehension? Guess whooooo.
A metal lightbulb
Green scary plant with 10 dicks on its head
A cat with a shirt collar
It's based off of a plant and armour.
A doggo.
It's green, and unexpected.
Grrreat!
Cotton candy hummingbird!
Poor Rapidash is covered in mud and bulked up.
I'm an OG Pyromaniac.

*Please don't look at a certain part of the screen...*
I have like 5 favorite pokemon and I know one is my flair but I can't remember which (I'm on mobile) 

1 dog made of transgender flags
2 leg
3 a furry
4 axolotl
5 a royal birb
It's a giant green rocky behemoth thing that roars. It also gets sand *everywhere*.
By looking at its design, you'd think its literally dead weight.
The newest rapist on the block
It needs to get in the bag!
Seto kaiba activated his trap card
Banana goatee.
Spiky vagina
Not the hero we deserve but the one we need
It's a fucking samurai otter
It's my best freind and it's dead
Looks like a bimbo more than a pokemon 
It sleeps in your nightmares 
Tony the Tiger ripoff.
Plant lizard
Burnt boob duck
"Honey, where's my Mega Evolution?!"
Edgy bird
It's a floating pink duck with, smooth, disconnecting limbs
Fire fighting 
Sexy lizard
This little fucker goes all cyberspace on everyone.

Beacon of the pharmacy
Brown, criminal sand reptile
Bipedal lizard covered in sharp things.
Spooky shadow 
It's just a mess that keep tripping over itself.
A bunch of little dicks
Smug-ass lizard 
My favorite's in my flair, so I'll use my roommate's favorite instead:
Resting bitch face with a toupée
Going with my second favorite: serpent-like, and beautiful. 
Blue and swole as fuck
Light Brown body, cream colored on face, dark brown mussel. Stupid teeth 
Why do you need ones worth 20 points?  Why not just use more 10 pointers?  Go to google and type VR Code and look at the images for an infinite number.
I thought the rare vr codes were region locked?
I interpreted it at she was going to tell you that she was moving back to Kanto earlier, but left it so the main character can enjoy the festival.
It seems deliberately open to individual interpretation.
Is this the scene right before the fireworks?  Because that's pretty much what fireworks represent.
I believe the canon for female characters is that it slowly pans up and Lillie grabs your character's hand then farts
Well, they got interrupted by fireworks, you know what that means...

It's possible, but we don't know, me being the male character really felt like Lillie liked the MC throughout the game.
Yeah, it seemed to me that she tried to kiss the character. 

To everyone that played with the female, did she try to kiss you but she stopped before the fireworks? 
I thought that too! I mean I know Nintendo wouldn't go there,  especially since I was playing as a girl but... I even exclaimed out loud omg a kiss!?! I really like lille and her and moon are my new otp  (one true pairing for those that don't know) xD I like to imagine you guys both meet later on and she spends the rest of her life with moon and nebby going on awesome adventures and eventually settling back down in alola. At least that is my head canon. 
i chained sandygast for over 1500, not a single shiny so far...

How i do it is: Have a toucannon with keen eye. It ignores bulldoze, sand tomb and sand attack and resists mega drain, so its basicly invincible and doesnt get its accuracy reduced. Teach it some spammable kill move like peck/drill peck.

Have a second pokemon with false swipe and foresight. I used decidueye for this, but anything with these moves will do.

Start with your false swiper, use foresight+false swipe on the first sandygast and adrenaline orb it. Switch to toucannon and chain. Every 20 or 30 sandygast, switch back to the false swiper and switch the sandygast so it doesnt run out of pp and struggle. 
Toucannon ignores both STABs. Might be worth a look into? 
What did you use to get odor sleuth on your smeargle?  Having trouble finding a pokemon with the move.
For me, she kept on spamming Pain Split. Quite ineffective when my pokemon are higher HP than hers and the bar doesn't move. 
Lusamine fight = Robo Groudon Chobin fight

...let that sink in a bit 
Clefable:
Moonblast.
Moonlight.
Moonblast.
Moonlight.
Moonblast.
Moonlight.
Her first Pokemon kept using pain split as I attacked until we were both close to red, so I thought it would just keep happening, great time to build up the Swords Dance to sweep the rest. No, right when I decide to build attack she finishes Leafeon off. I thought it was quite funny, still pissed me off though.
Pikachu holds lucky eggs, dont ask why but try it.
You get it from Kuikui in post game after filling 50 pokemon in the pokedex(Atleast Serebii says so)
They've never banned people for just having hacked Pokémon in the past. They would only be determined illegal for online play. It would be far too easy to just send someone a hacked Pokémon over wonder trade and get them locked out of community events. I can't tell you this hasn't changed, but it would be a supremely stupid change. It would be like the hacked-item gifting that happened in Dark Souls 2 or the bull that happened in Dark Souls 3 where people would use an attack to edit another user's character data.
I was thinking damn, is there really a new mon whose name I don't know?
Ditto's name in French is pretty sweet.  
  
At the very least, 4 IVs is a good start, and its hard to go wrong with a shiny.
Do shiny dittos turn into shiny mons when using transform?
I got two today in like 30 minutes, one even had 4IVs!

Working on number three now...
Dumb question: where is it? Its a little obtuse finding the sos only pokemon and i really need a ditto. Sure everyone does lol 

Edit: thanks all for the answers! I shall acquire a fresh g7 ditto now!
Do I really have to retire a pokemon ive had the whole game if i want one with a different nature? for all the talk about how pokemon are your partners the game really wants you to abandon them to grind the breeding thing :\
Question about chaining, did u not kill the original poke you starte with?
Yeah i also like how trainers dont walk up to you when they see you so when you start the battle and there standing far away it makes sense.
There is definitely a difficulty spike once you reach the 4th island.
It's definitely more difficult than some of the older games especially XY and ORAS which they were too easy. (I think I made ORAS and XY too easy because I supertrained my pokemon from the start)

I didn't over level this time and turned off the switching thingy like how I do in every game. 

The grass trial for my popplio was the toughest 

The champion rekt my team too 

Though the regular trainers were too easy and mostly had 1-2 pokemons. 
Oh it is definitely more difficult than previous games, I actually lost a lot of times and made a lot of close calls.
I think it is easier in a way tha you get handed a lot of the stuff you need like balls, potions, revive's. It has more pokemon centre's, ect. However I do find the trials a bit harder then the gyms that were in XY & ORAS. Instead of waltzing over the leaders, I had to try the Ghost trial multiple times & some trials like Marlow's were a close call.
That grass trail. Even with Torracat man. I lost the first time because I didn't use a Z move. Her synthesis combo and solar blade/sunny day/berry combo were vicious. 
I never blacked out once during the main story but hell, there were lots of close calls. I really did enjoy the thrill of trying to keep my "no black out" streak.
There were certainly more than a few "holy crap this was tougher than I expected" fights, most notably the first Guzma encounter.
The post game is kicking my ass. I have yet to send out a Pokemon that should, theoretically, have an advantageous matchup with supereffective moves that they didn't have a supereffective move to counter with. It's incredible.

"Hmm, ground/dark? Grass/fairy should be in my favor right?"

Arial. Ace. 

Why.
this game is ultimately on "hard mode" for me because in each and every generation i have always built teams centered on hitting opponents first, hitting them HARD, but having enough defense to withstand a hit without any concern. type advantages be damned, i would just out-power my opponents. 

THIS generation, however, seems to have a lot of slower pokes. and the few "fast" pokemon i can find are the definition of glass cannons. even my slower pokemon don't seem capable of taking very many hits. 

also, there seems to be a high upswing in AI competence. i mean, i got into a battle where turn 1 the opponent used stealth rock, turn 2 they swapped out for a Braviary, and then spammed whirlwind until i rage quit. they use actual strategies now, which, for someone who has stayed away from the meta game for so long, is terrifying. i took my best team to take on Blue upon meeting him at the Battle Tree, and he handily kicked my ass 4 times in a row before i finally got lucky. 

TL;DR slower pokemon to choose from, and NPCs that sometimes feel like Dark Souls bosses make this the hardest pokemon game by far for me
Alright I'll admit it. I lost to Hau when I got to the third island. I wasn't expecting a battle and his freakn Raichu wiped my team out with Psychic. Plus my Pokemon were level 26 and under.
Well this is the first pokemon game I've played since gold/silver, so ~15 years. I think it feels perfect difficulty wise, I've had one or two close calls, but my mains are also 10-15 levels higher than anything else most of the time. 
I chose Popplio and I'm finding it a little bit more difficult than XY/ORAS. Maybe that could be due to the team I've chosen or maybe the lower EXP my mons are getting from the exp share. It's definitely easier than earlier games, though. (Excluding XY/ORAS) 
So glad I'm not the only one!  It felt like everything this gen knew a rock type move - and with my poor bug grass bunch (full team was Decidueye, Vikavolt, Lycanroc, Araquanid, Salazzle, and Comfey)

Those that weren't weak to rock either had low defense or low attack.  Rendered my team entirely helpless for the Rock trial.
Most difficult Pokemon I've played. I've played Red, Blue, Yellow, Silver, Emerald, Fire Red, and X. I love it.
I completely get where you are coming from. 

I checked my team in the teambuilder site and it is slightly unbalanced (Water and Ground are very capable of beating me) 

I really don't remember having this many pokemon faint on me this late in the game (Just finished the observatory, team at early-mid 30s) and I'm not sure if Salandit is just an overall weaker pokemon or I'm just running into slightly stronger opponents. 

I mean I've only blacked out once (vs 1st captain's Smeargle... Butterfree, Rowlett and underleveled Grimer weren't ready) so that part makes me think it is easier and with so many NPCs healing you all up helps. 

Or I suppose it is entirely possible that my team build is wrong and that is the reason for this issue. Without needing HMs I am entirely free to build the group I want based solely on what pokemon fun as opposed to well I need a fly-er, surf-er and such and such. 
Can confirm, the final battle with spoiler was a legtimately challenging, tense fight for my team I thought was over-prepared. 

Such an amazing step up from how easy Diantha and X&Y in general were. 

Honestly don't think there's anything I dislike about SM so far, aside from not having Super Training. RIP ;____;
I don't know if maybe it's because I chose Popplio and it's made the game a little easier, but I honestly thought it was an easy Pokemon game. It kind of also feels like they did a lot of cutting out the middle man where old elements are either cut short, or at least less tedious, such as the equivalent of the Victory Road.
I am so happy that Sun and Moon are harder than ORAS, XY!
I was afraid that the totem for instance were going to be a joke because of the Hakomo-o totem in the demo... luckily i was wrong!
As it stands Sun and Moon are very solid entries in the Pokemon series, and the most polished Pokemon game we have ever had in terms of strategy in the main game.
Plus the Elite4 aren't a complete joke which is very nice ^~^
It's definitely more difficult. I remember going through X/Y mashing the A button, but playing Sun/Moon it made me actually think about my next moves. Even with the Exp Share on, I was usually on par with my opponent's levels, sometimes even a level or two under. 
With EXP Share an only using 6 Pokemon its very easy. With EXP Share and change Pokemon its kinda hard. With No EXP Share and only using 6 Pokemon its hard. With NO EXP Share and change Pokemon its actually pretty to very hard. 
I accidentally wandered into a trial with 3 eggs in my party, it was a rough time. I got away with that kind of thing all the time in XY. It's nice that you have to pay at least a little attention in this one.
Well only trainer I've blacked out to was Red but I wasn't too prepared for that fight right when I walked in. Still his Pikachu swept half my team which was scary.

Kukui was really tough too. I had to spam Revives and Hyper Potions.

The weird thing is the game starts out fair, and slowly gets easier until it starts to feel like a joke by the time you're at Acerola's trial. Then it randomly spikes up in difficulty to relatively challenging as you get near the end.
The last two Veterans at the end of Poni Gauntlet, holy crap.....
Whelp, time to Nuzlocke it and hate myself.
I also found it rather easy so far. Went with Rowlet though so peck and such is super effective on quite a bit so far lol 
I didn't use the Exp. Share & I'm against using items in battle outside of hold items, so totem Mimikyu forward gave me trouble.
I find it to be the easiest generation next to x/y, especially with the variety of typing available in the local dex.
I've also noticed the difficulty spike. I can't be the only one who's actually fairly happy about a challenge either, since (X/Y and ORAS, for me anyway) had no real challenge. I enjoyed the feeling of "oh crap, I might actually lose"
Yeah, I decided to play without exp. share except in certain instances.  Totem pokemon were always difficult and the elite 4 was rough.
For sure. The grass trial got me on my first try (first loss in YEARS) and the ghost trial was surprisingly difficult, [even after Disguise went down.](/spoiler) The others had their challenges, but those two really stand out for me. 
I thought that beating the Waterium totem pokemon with Torracat meant that the game is so relaxed, plus defeatin the Formantis totem with 1 hit added to that feeling, so after that the game gets harder? 

I'm all for the challenge, but i really feel like this is kinda relaxed to this point.
X and y I had 2 Pokemon faint ever without using potions so I'm glad there was actually some threats in this game
I have battle style to set and no exp share

Went to fight the 4th island kahuna and she has level 47's and 48's

My strongest was 43 and weakest was 39

I would've lost if my golisopod didn't crit the +3 defense mudsdale with his z move
Yes, they brought back the Gen 5 EXP balance and I love it. 
Kukui kicked my ass twice at the end. I was glad because I demolished Diantha and Steven in gen 6, the difficulty spike was very welcomed
I wasn't having any issues till island 3. My super effective moves on some Pokemon, a few levels lower than me, wouldn't even do 20 % of damage. 
I was disappointed overall. They really need a challenge mode, and not the b/w one, but something more like a drayano rom hack. I'll admit it was nice to have a harder game than x and y, but let's be honest they were a joke difficulty wise. The totem pokemon certainly make you think a bit, which is great, but almost all of the trainers in the game only have 1 or 2 pokemon, which is terrible IMO.  

I will gladly admit that the champion gave me some trouble, but it was self inflicted, as I tried my hardest to stay underlevelled. Also, I'm quite sure that they were the first trainer with 6 pokemon....

I wish they would add a hard mode in the next game,
I'm just about to try the elite 4 and I haven't lost a fight yet..  
I think the main thing that bothers me is that literally nobody but me is using 6 Pokemon. I know it's never really been the case, but it feels weird that people like Hau, who are supposed to be legitimate contenders for the challenge, haven't bothered to put together a full team.
Really!? Because I'm feeling like its too easy. Like its been dumbed down. I breeze through the islands with nothing but my Desidueye and Talonflame.
I lost to Llima 3 times.
That dang smeargle!


I lost to Kukwi 3 times. THREE TIMES. I have never lost to any champion that much. I thought my team was solid as well. My team was Inceneroar, A-Raichu, Golisopod, A-Ninetales, Palosand, and Toucannon. That dang Pirmarina and Snorlax as well! 
Some Totem battles can be insanely difficult if you don't kill the Totem in the first few turns. 

Lurantis + Castform was a nightmare the first time I tried to take it on and my whole team died but on the second try I used Toucannon to quickly get rid of the Totem and ended up winning the battle without any casualty.

Pokemon is not about levels or grinding, it's all about strategy.
I've been stuck on the grass trial for awhile now. I love having to level up to best that Lurantis. It's not even Lurantis that's the issue, it's the Trumbeak that keeps beating me with Rock Blast.
Hardest Champ/Elite 4 since Sinnoh, rest of the game may be even harder.
I would even go as far to say it's the hardest.  I love the challenge in this game.  
Trying to lead off with Snorlax amulet coin/happy hour combo with no switching pokemon upon ko is quite a bit tougher than I expected.  There's no safe switch ins and they will set up if they know you can't stop them.
After the second fight with guzma I found that it was mostly just boss fights, which got a little repetitive since they just seemed to raise the level by 3 every 10 minutes. It wasn't that difficult and I've found others much harder but without exp, share you get seriously under leveled and grinding is such a chore. So apart from the leveling being abysmal the fights themselves were pretty easy 
I feel Like I'm one of the Few That had no problem with this 'Difficulty'. Unless I had an OP team or Something, I thought this Game Was Easier.
It is a nice increase over x and y. I am overleveling though as its a new game and I always aim to fully explore/farm an area till I feel satisfied that I have seen everything it has to offer before moving on. I basically finish an island or at least a section (trial) ot an island before progressing and doing a quick serebii search to see what I've missed.

One thing slowing me down is that a lot of the new pokemon are very appealing to me. This is giving me the fun dilemma of what pokemon to run on my team. I'm just at the start of the 3rd island and I must have switched 5 out of my 6 mons out a minimum of 4 times. Some individual slots have been rotated around 6ish times. This is a joy for me as it means the game is interesting to me and the decisionof who to have on my team is one that really matters. I'm already planning out alternate runs.

But overall the difficulty has increased again and although its not up to par with Whitney's Miltank or Morty's Gengar from Heart Gold/Soul Silver, it is at least something.  Here's hoping that in the future they will up it even more or add some difficulty modifiers to the game options for those of us out there that want it.

All I know is that I'm loving it so far.
I thought it was the easiest yet. Or as easy as xy. I never had to grind for anything or lost a fight. Hell, your rival even has the starter that's weak to yours.
I have been playing Grass-type only, so maybe my results are a little stilted, but they seem to have been doing a much better job with covering their weaknesses.  Keeping moves that are SE against the types that are SE against them, etc. 
it's just you. the games are still quite designed for little kids so they can't be too difficult 
I was really happy with the difficulty spike
am just before the ghost trial, going in blind and nuzlocking (+trade with my girlfriend)
I lost only six pokemon, but only one to downright carelessness; the others were legitimate boss fight losses, which is a nice change. I am being quite careful. but most of the time I have the exp share off (I just can't stand my pokemon levelling irregularly - at most, I can have a temporary one or two level difference, but I hate seeing any more than that!) I am still overlevelled though, by about 3-5 levels. 
Tesm is currently Umbreon, Jolteon, Talonflame, Comfey, Hariyama and Decidueye. Never liked Hariyama line much, but it's saved my ass so many times I came to like it a lot. 

Overall, nuzlocking it felt difficult, then again that's the point of nuzlocking. I haven't wiped yet and even a single loss feels like a failure, so it may feel more difficult through that.
Totem Mimikyu comepletely destroyed my team and made me use all my potions.
Yep it's more difficult. XY was okay-ish. ORAS was stupidly easy.

I feel that sunmoon have fewer trainers than previous entry and most of them only have like 1 or 2 pokemon. This makes leveling from trainers battle a little hard to do and forcing you to grind via random battles. By the time i reached pokemon league, my pokemon have the same level as the Elite Four!!

Capturing wild pokemon is also abit tricky now with the annoying sos feature.
With exp share off leveling was just about perfect. I could match the level of all of the trials. The elite four out leveled me by about 5, but it was still do able with proper strategy.
It's definitely harder than most Pokemon games for sure, but it does also give you options to deal with them if you know what you're doing.

Its difficulty is quite spike-heavy, unlike, say, Platinum, which consistently hands your ass to you on a silver platter.

Probably the hardest game to nuzlocke though. Totems are thoroughly designed to be nuzlockre killers. 
Yep definetly the champion like wrecked my ass had to use max revives
hell yah. I had no issues in the last game but this time around i screwed up and it cost me late game. I didnt get the lucky egg so i wasnt able to lvl replacements very well.  I ended up with 3 ghost types.  Decidueye, Marowak, and prisedeus(Sp?)   as my mains.  They were pretty much weak to everyone i fought past a certain point and it sucked haha. just barely beat the game after lots of revives
I think everything is easier *except* for the Kahuna Battles, Elite 4 and the Champion battles. The game holds your hand often, experience share makes things easy, etc.

But those Kahuna Battles and Elite 4 were fucking hard. I've played every generation and every game and this was the hardest in terms of battling. 
I just beat the Ghost trial and it's been pretty easy. I chose Rowlet as my starter and have been using the experience share. All of my Pokemon have been in the 3-9 levels above all of our opponents, so not too big of an advantage.

Other than the first Totem Pokemon, I've had type advantage/super effective moves against the rest with just my starter and Mudbray/Mudsdale.

I've been able to one or two shot most of the Totem Pokemon and only had a couple battles where one of my Pokemon have fainted, so nothing near being close battles so far.
Definitely really hard. Guzma's team on Aether Paradise nearly made me lose, especially that freaken Masquerain...
Can confirm. Got Togekiss on my island scan, found her and she proceeded to take out my Elite Four veterans one by one while paralyzed and down to red and still busting out of ultra balls on the first shake.
Okay i'm at the second island and from the looks of it i'm gonna get rekt. Smeargle already gave me problems in the first island and dexio stomped my team in the second island.

I currently have litten, rockruff, and crabrawler. Slowpokes is a headache, but i don't want to change my team. Like others, battle is set, exp off  and i run away from wild pokes. When will i get useful tms?
I would say it is easier by far.

Tons of accessibility and ease of use features.

Plus it is easier than ever to get high EV/IV Pokémon.

The only thing that is hard for now is filling out the complete Dex which will be resolved once they add access to Pokébank.
I found it was getting too easy early on as all of my pokemon had gotten overleveled and had max EVs, so I made an active attempt to switch out my party more. Aside from Torracat and Snorlax, all of my other pokemon have rotated in and out from magneton, charjabug, crabrawler, talonflame, wishiwashi, mimikyu and soon wimpod. It makes the game a lot more fun to switch out your friends now and again.
I honestly found it incredibly easy. Even when using the event Snorlax and Happy Hour as first move, I didn't run into any trouble. Team comp was fairly bleh. Also went into the E4 as a scout run and just beat it, same with the fight before you can get to the Battle Tree.
It *is* harder.

I play with EXP Share and with Battle Style Switch (don't sue me!) as I've always done. With ORAS and XY, I pretty much steamroll through everything that way. In Black/White/2, I needed to actively grind in order to be at the same level as my opponents.

In Sun/Moon, I think it's a healthy balance. I had no need to grind (though I would -- inadvertently -- do so because I have a compulsive need to catch all Pokemon in a route, therefore I would tend to just keep battling). But no need to grind just to gain levels. I did battle all trainers though.

That being said, with all three starters on my team, Wishiwashi almost killed both my Dartrix and Charjabug. Even though I had a type-advantage, Wishiwashi's Soak made quick use of that, leading me to lose STAB. 

I also technically had Serebii's PokEarth open so I could look at the Pokemon of all the trainers in the route so I would switch my lead Pokemon to whichever has type advantage against their lead. I don't know if that's cheating though XP 
You felt it was harder? Huh. I felt it was easier. 

All the coddling bothered me a little. We were given great balls barely after our first pokeballs. Healing items and revives were tossed around like you couldn't be expected to buy any. I was half expecting to be handed the Master Ball on a silver platter before the first ~~gym leader~~ Kahuna.

Glad you had a challenge. My greatest challenge was when I got owned by a pair of wild Miltank. Whitney strikes again...
I'm not gonna say that it was easy, but I've had more challenges from the other games. In SuMu, I accidentally went through the elite four and champ with no revives or full restores, yeah it was a bit of a struggle but I still made it with only one pokemon fainting against Kukui.
I'm out leveling everything because I keep farming shines :(
I definitely noticed level spikes, but haven't lost any battles yet (Thank you Espeon)

Edit: I think I'm almost done with Poni Island
An early game Abra and Magnemite as well as catching Fletchling on the second Island made the game easier but not as easy as other games. But the Totem Pokemon are great challenges.
Compared it XY? It's definitely more difficult. I think Black/White still have me more trouble than SM though.
Was playing without exp share and no switching after fainting a Pokemon and the E4 + last fight was one of my most difficult Pokemon experiences to date... I had to use a lot of healing items in the last fight.
Well i haven't played since gen 3, but i found this game ridiculously easy. Why would the exp share affect your whole team? I left it on at the insistence of others, but it just made things way too easy.

Also it felt like there were too many dark and fighting types and if you could counter those, you were fine. Not enough type diversity and the exp share killed the game's difficulty for me.
I've played second island by now and it has been suprisingly easy for now. I managed to beat every totem pokemon jut by having one perty member with type advantage.
I'm on the 6th totem.  Holy moly do I suddenly not like Ghosts.  Haunter NEVER misses Hypnosis, and then the Play Roughs...this is the hardest point yet for me by far. 
Yep, I got under leveled fast on the fourth island.
B 
I loved how my battle against Wishiwashi had him calling in Pokémon that took a true support/clerical clerical role. The fight had a truer rpg feel to it. Mimikyu calling in Haunters that spam hypnosis was tough. I paid for killing one when a Gengar jumped in to help right after. 
Definitely a lot more difficult.

But because I realized that, I ended up actually playing a lot more carefully and only lost to Nanu in the Kanhuna Battle, and Mimikyu in the trial. 
I usually just mess around, try weird things, and wipe all over the place. 

Fun to have a challenge.
The Elite Four gave me trouble. Especially the Fighting and Rock one. First time I had to use Revive in a battle in years. 
Some things seem easier, some harder tbh. Most trainers I've faced so far have been complete pushovers, but the totem pokemon have given me trouble, and calling for help is my bane.
I got my ass handed to me by a Totem Pokemon yesterday. I was already about to declare the battle a lost cause, but I barely pulled through at the last second.

Granted, it wasn't at the part most players consider hard, and I'm terrible at Pokemon anyway...but I never came that close to losing in Omega Ruby. I made it through like half of the game before my starter fainted for the first time.

Here? My starter is still the powerhouse of my team, but he *will* get the crap kicked out of him if I just waltz into battles and expect to win like I used to.

So I'd say it's at least a big step up from ORAS.
This is the difficulty I've always wanted from a Pokemon game. I look forward to the challenge of Nuzlocking it someday!
Poni canyon is kicking my butt
Honestly, I had to stop using Snorlax because having that thing since the start of the game made it too easy, especially since his Z power just one shots basically everything except for ghost types.  After that I just had the right mon for the trials (of which Munchlax/Snorlax was almost always *too* useful).

Now, I fully admit that some of the encounters are much more difficult than that of XY, which is a welcome change.  I remember sitting there laughing because I actually had pokemon faint and it was such a foreign concept to me because of XY.  I'm not that far along just yet, roughly level 50, so I look forward to the rest of the game getting more challenging.

Oh, and a psychic Raichu feels like cheating...
Idk, so far I find this to be one of the easiest pokemon games. Especially considering they tell you whats super effective etc after you've battled a creature once and hand you all kinds of items and the Z move is way OP.

I wish game freak would make pokemon with a hard mode setting so you actually have to plan your party out etc. I would expect to get my ass handed to me on the totem battles but they were just as easy as the 1-2 pokemon trainers you come across. Hell the elite four in the older games was waaay harder then the end of Sun/Moon. I remember dying multiple times on the old games, here it was a breeze.

As of now it seems they try to balance for the kids that play the main story while making it a little hard here and there for the adults. 
After not playing any generations beyond HG/SS I'm finding this a pretty smooth ride so far.

The XP share is a god send, It allowed me to pick a team that's balanced and then just use the right pokemon for the right time without hitting a training roadblock with the other games.

Ride pokemon also freed up my team for full combat so I don't have to waste a slot on a HM pokemon or use surf as my main water move.
yeah it definitely is. I actually got my ass beat pretty bad by the flying e4. 
I would argue it is actually easier. At no point during the game, minus the Elite Four because I forgot all the Kahuna's typings, did I really struggle. Even with the Experience Share off I managed to stay leveled appropriately. In addition to this the game gives you a lot of really accessible tools (Type effectiveness, stats stage chart, and Pokemon Refresh) which makes winning even easier. The RotomDex tells you everything you need to know, giving you flags and trainer tips along the way. And nearly every companion character either gives you a free total team heal or free healing items at nearly every turn. If you just know to give your Pokemon coverage moves, the game is far easier than XY or ORAS. 

This is not to say I dislike the game. I just think it holds our hands a bit too much and people are really exaggerating how hard it is. 
It was way too hard. Admittedly, I am a "casual" player and always have been, but I didn't expect this game to crack down so hard on players who like Pokemon games... because they're Pokemon games ):

I almost quit on the second island because I was really hype for this game but I was shocked by the contradiction of "we're going to hold your hand through the plot but absolutely DESTROY you during combat", but that same hype kept me from quitting and I ended up powering through it.

I've beaten it now, but for a few minutes on the second island I was really confused by the difficulty D: That could always be because I chose Rowlett and I had to do the fire trial four times, though, so maybe I'm whining about nothing.
To be honest I thought the complete opposite. I've taken down every single trial with my starter and only my starter. (I just finished the electric one, so I'm not that far). Plus every important battle has the person heal you up before hand so you're never caught off guard like before. The EXP share gives XP to every party Pokémon (yes I know this was in XY but I always thought it was really OP). There's a lot of people just out in the wild who heal you up instead of just relying on pokecenters. You get fly wayyy earlier in the game which makes travel a lot easier. Just my opinion, plus I haven't gotten too far so maybe it gets harder later. 
I came straight off of Black 2 where I would find myself farming Audinos for days. I farmed for ages thinking it was necessary on the first island. I beat the fire totem with Dartrix in three turns and I just recently passed Hapu with a level 57 Decidueye, the rest of the team being lvl 47+. It might just be because I farmed for at least a day on the first island and farmed for an additional 5 hours on each island, but I haven't gotten any difficulty spikes. The first Lusamine battle was pretty intense and the mimikyu passive caught me off guard, but that's about it.

Edit: this is my second Pokemon game. I am very casual. I see a Pokemon I think looks cool and I pick it. No IVs, EVs, or anything involved.
The game is a joke. Even with Exp share off, its still a joke. 

Do you people not grind at all? 
Guzma's Golispod made me cry in frustration. After that I had the Exp Share on permanently.
How long did this take you?
Where did you get a metal coat for scizor? Ive been SOS chaining magnemiye with butterfree for an hour and a half and havent gotten one :(
Now the next thing is to get as much of a Shiny living Dex as possible. That should keep you busy for a bit.
Nice, what would you say are the best picture spots (aka most thumbs up)?
bruh ive been grinding cubones for 4 hours for a thick club. Witrhout Compound Eyes because i totally forgot about it.

I use Butterfree with compound eyes, i get one in 15 minutes
Do you unlock national dex?
I wish  you luck getting those 50 win streaks at the battle tree. Just thinking about it makes me shiver.
How's your Trainer Card looking like?
Which pokemon from the Alolan dex do you recall as being difficult to obtain?
Do you get anything for completing the entire dex?
Apparently you can go to get gamefreaks headquarters in game and they give you a stamp on your trainer passport for every islands Pokédex you complete.
If you don't get the shiny charm before they put the national dex in do you have to complete the national dex instead of the Alolan dex to get the charm instead? 
I am three pokemon away (legendaries) from completing my pokedex as well. Have not even entered the Battle Tree yet. I have to say, it does take a toll on your life force. Only a little though.
How many hours do you have logged on your game so far?
I have the dex completed in gen 6, so I'm not too ansy about getting it completed :I
What did you do for poke finder? 1.5m is a lot of points. 
qq, I'm 292/300 on my pokedex.
Do you have all the throw styles? The battle tree one is so difficult but it's the one I want the most
Congrats I'm 1 away.  Celesteela for a sun player is hard to GTS for without giving up something big for my living dex.
Congrats. I'm having a hard time just getting through the ending. 
Hats off to you sir, madam or non-binary pal, that's pretty flipping impressive. I'm at 83 hours and I'm trying to complete the pokedex before catching the rest of the legends and the grinds are just toooooooo much without some easier way to level up.

Pretty disappointed the most we could do with the poke finder is call pokemon closer to us instead of battling them when we snap a picture of them :/
Hey its me your best friend. Can I borrow your Pokémon game? 
God, the Battle Tree can be so spammy. 

Lots of stuff that make the battle drag. 
working on it as well
Understand doing the dex but jesus man where is your free time!?
How much did you have to trade to finish this?
That shiny charm tho
Did you need to use both versions of the game to do the entire pokedex, or did you use the gts? I've always found it shifty to trade legondaries via gts because i might get one with a nickname or a different language name or one that has already been used and has different moves and evs.
What did you use the master ball on?
I think I saw you at my plaza the other day!
I go to sleep and wake up and this post turns into a wall. I shall answer as many questions as I can X3
I'm also planning to complete the dex. Do you have any tips? Places to grind or something?
How the hell did you get a Razor Fang? Bruxish is a nightmare to farm.
Did you focus on the story first or did you complete the dex as you went? I'm completing it aseems I go and just got to the second island 12 hours in.
Working on the full dex now. Any davice? So tedious.
Wow. Albeit I did a lot of breeding and hunting for wild Poke but I'm at like 120 hours and I finished the Alolan dex like last night. Not looking forward to ranking up Festival Plaza.
just finished this myself today 80 hours of gameplay, first dex ive ever completed
Damn man, you wasted no time. Nothing else to say but to congratulate you! So, congrats!
I hit 50% last night! About to get back on the grind today. Congrats! 
This is my main goal right now, but I actually want to catch them all myself and not use the GTS. I've seen you say getting the shiny charm was underwhelming, maybe it's because you used the GTS? 
any tips for the camera? cant figure out what yields the most thumbs up, is it random to some degree?
so wait...what *does* the 'mythical' level 5 camera do? :o

I looked it up and have yet to find the answer
Omg, how did you get charchomp easily. Fuck trying to use sandstorm and then hoping it SOS charchomp with adrininile orb.
What the fuck you can only get 300 pokemon in the game? Out of over 800? That's barely a third of them...christ 
You poor soul! I grinded the first island to 48% before I even left it, and that left a terrible mark. I can't imagine the trauma you went through.
How did you get Marshadow?
Right now, it's HA regenerator is a bit more viable
I think you could definitely build a team around the poison mechanic with the new toys in Sun/Moon. Toxapex is just one of them, though. You also have Salazzle, which can Poison pokemon that would normally be immune to it, and also the new move that lowers attack, spattack and speed of a poisoned pokemon.

You could put a Toxic orb on a Contrary Pokemon and use your other pokemon to buff its Attack, Special Attack and Speed that way.
While it would hit relatively hard, the reason the merciless ability isn't horrendously overpowered is because toxapex is designed very heavily towards a wall, not an attacker.

If a Pokémon like Salazzle had it, with blisteringly high base speed and very effective special attack, it would destroy basically anything already poisoned without much difficulty (but would obviously not have the fantastic Corrosion ability)
for starters, i think you mean baneful bunker, not sheild

as far as the pokemon goes, its an interesting concept, it sounds good on paper, but the biggest problem i see is its straight up walled by steel types.  other than that 53 base sp atk is low, it will be in part made up for using a 130 bp move and crit, but i think it will still have trouble hitting anything with good sp def too hard.  

on the plus side it does look like a good counter to those fairy types with calm mind.

as for item i would go leftovers or black sludge, nothing else really makes sense
Ocean Snek
http://pkmn.net/?action=rater&page=pokemon&id=350


Try name rater

No one can pick your mon's nickname for ya. Some people like to name their mind silly things, others use human names, others more fantasy and scientific...
Amphitrite was Poseidon's wife.

Pequod is the name of the ship from Moby Dick.

Aguiliform is a word meaning 'like an eel'.

Lamia is a snake like monster in mythology.
Water Noodle
I named the Shiny one I got in AS "Oberon", after the King of Faeries. Gonna name a female Titania to go with it.
Millie?
Melania
People are currently completing their Synchronizers. Any natures you've already got/dont want/dont need? Wondertrade 'em in hopes of that HA Mareanie and some FC!
Well it's definitely after XY and BW, because Sina and Dexio refer to those kids from 'a few years ago' and Grimsley Has grey hair.
Well, Red and Blue are adults now, so it's probably at least 10-15 years after the first games.
The notes for Grimsley in the Artbook mention that this is Grimsley "Two Years Later." Seeing how he looked the same in Black/White2 has he did in Black and White, that probably means two years after Black and White 2. It's also two years since X and Y, since X and Y take place during Black and White 2.
I think it's about 2 or 3 years after XY.
Brain is telling me to pick specifically a female Eevee for reasons. But I don't think I'd make it as a breeder IRL, so it'd have to be... either Piplup or Rowlet. Probably the former.
Swablu, because I can wear it as a hat, which is all I want
Vulpix! Either normal or Alolan.

Though how would I evolve it?
I want to choose either swablu because altaria would be really helpful irl, or zubat because I love crobat... decisions, decisions. 





Zubat.
Arceus, how will giving every human no matter their intentions a being that is capable of destruction to command at their whim going to solve anything?

Also what about people who are allergic. Got any hypoallergenic mons?

Also what about all the homeless older mons. Are you secretly running a Pokemon puppy mill? Perhaps encourage adoption? Are you just going to put them down?

Also what about people who can't even afford an shelter and food let alone a Pokemon. Also what about apartments that don't allow pets?
Silly, Arceus says [DOOT](https://img.ifcdn.com/images/b2cdd80797b06293dde4568f9d5eab9bd239f75361a8ed2a926bdde3ecd66b7a_1.jpg).  
  
Also, gimme a Cubone please, oh many armed deer.
Mi mind tells me Bagon, my nostalgia tells me Torchic, and my "body" tells me female Ralts
And ignore me being arceus for a second, in reality a formation of a Pokemon rangers would be viable and could solve most of these problem. I would personally love to form such a place where it would be possible to adopt Pokemon who are in abusive trainers care, not to mention it would be an excellent method of dealing with homelessness by employing them to work in the union for hygiene, food and a bed.
I'm not sure between a Trapinch or a Mimikyu
Shinx or Growlithe
Wimpod
Does Type:Null count?
Froakie.
I find this very hard to believe
Have you tested that it works for eggs beyond the first (and that rejecting the egg doesn't rerandomise the next one)?

IIRC in X/Y only the first egg was fixed this way, and rejecting or picking up the egg would cause the next egg to be rerolled randomly (not based on the previous egg). I would be surprised if this had changed.

EDIT: Just read through your post history. Colour me surprised. This makes it a lot easier to exploit - you can just hatch Magikarps, saving every so often, then switch to your desired parent when you get a shiny.

My current save actually has my next egg hatching shiny, so it's interesting to hear that it's possible to do this without such crazy luck :)

EDIT 2: You can get the egg seed via homebrew. I don't know what the RNG algorithm used is, but it should also be possible to determine the egg seed by breeding Spinda.
Any idea how long the eggs are predetermined in the save file?  You mentioned in your previous posts that it was the third egg, does the game predetermine egg values up to 10, 20, 30 in advance?

Did you do any testing on manipulating gender ratio?  In ORAS and X&Y, say you breed a 50% gender ratio pokemon and it came out female, you could soft reset, replace the parents with a 75% or 87.5% male gender ratio and the egg would turn into a male egg.

It would be great if you guys could keep us posted if you have any more information regarding this new mechanic.
I feel you man. After beating Sun, the 7th gen is the best. I had to wait 15 years to play another Pokémon game that really gets to me. This game is amazing. Now to the post game content 
7th gen is really good. Better than lots of the other gens for sure. Probably a tie with 1st gen (Genwunner here too) for me as well.

However there are 2 things that I have to disagree with you regarding BW.

1. I find that N still to this day is one of the most interesting characters in the games. And BW started the trend of "Dark Story Lines."

2. I may be a minority here but I believe when BW "forced" you to finish the game before unlocking any non-gen 5 pokemon was Absolutely brilliant. As a person that's played all the gens and remakes, I love that. I used to always catch a Magikarp and level it to 20 and have a Gyarados on my team. But that game made me think differently. In my Pokemon Moon play through, I exclusive used only new gen 7 pokemon (not even the regiant variants). I have a feeling GAME FREAK will never do what they did in BW because they make more money and sales putting a Pikachu catcheable in route 1, and from a business and nostalgic purpose I completely get that, but I love to only use new mons until I beat the game personally.
Curious what made you feel that way about Black and White's story and not Sun and Moon's. I personally felt that B/W and S/M were cut from the same cloth, albeit with S/M being cut from a much more refined part of the cloth. 

Both games' villainous teams used good intentions (causing a morality crisis along the way) to pave the way for their darker intents. Pokemon liberation as a front for Ghetsis' desire to seize the region, by being its strongest, and only, trainer, so he could rule it as some sort of rightful king. Pokemon conservation as a front to fund Lusamine's lust and obsession towards the Ultra Beasts along with working with a thug group to start the problem that they're claiming to be solving

Both games set you up to be actively traveling with 2 pretty well designed companions; Cheren and Bianca, Hau and Lillie. On top of that, some Gym Leaders in B/W have a lot of character and plot relevance not unlike the Trial Captains and Kahunas in S/M The circumstances, depth, and development for the Sun and Moon cast was admittedly stronger than the Black and White cast but I think both of them had their good and bad points.

They could have dove deeper into Hau's insecurities and fears regarding his grandfather much the same way they explored Cheren's feelings of inadequacy compared to the PC and N. I will admit, though, that there was something innately charming about his hammy snide-ness towards the end of the game.

On the other hand, Lillie >>>>>>>>>>>>>> Bianca. 
> but this is now right up there with Gen 1 for best design

Hell, even the Random Things as Pokemon they had this generation felt so much more believable than what they've had in the past. Trubbish and Garbodor just felt like rehashed Grimer and Muk with more solid bodies. I still don't understand why Literal Ice Cream Monster was ever accepted as a design. Klefki was alright, but it still seemed a little on the nose for how specific it was.

But look at Evil Sandcastle. Sounds absurd and, as a lover of ghost fans, I wasn't so thrilled when it was revealed. And then I picked one up in game. Bitter spirits possess mounds of sand to attract and control people from a nearby resort into building greater sand castles for them to move to, where they can continue to feast off of their human thralls. Holy shit.

But Possessed Anchor still sounds silly. And then you realize that the seaweed is the real Dhelmise. Yeah, that stuff that seems to drift around the ocean and you feel the fear of death if it brushes up against you? The stuff that makes kids cry because they think it's going to wrap around their leg and drag them underwater? Except it isn't just seaweed, it's seaweed that has armed itself with weapons it salvages from the seabed. Weapons like lost ship anchors. Weapons which, according to one of its 'dex entries, it uses to hunt GODDAMN WHALES.
I got into Pokemon late into Gen 3 so I don't hold the same nostalgia over Gen 1 as many do here. I care more about Pokemon designs than story. To me Gen 1 ranks somewhere in the middle, above 2, 3, and 5. 

Did you ever get around to fourth gen? Behind Gen 7, for me Sinnoh was the best in terms of new Pokemon designs. Story wise, 6 was awful but I liked the Pokemon better than most gens, really close to Gen 4. Gen was the only one I couldn't finish. Story seemed alright but I had no interest in most of Unova's Pokemon. I'd actually say the Vanillish line is one of the better ones cause the rest are pretty boring or ugly. 
Gen 2 for life.
I really wouldn't call you a 'genwunner' though. Usually, a genwunner, by definition, thinks that any game past Gen 1 or 2, isn't a Pokemon game and that all Pokemon past the first two gens are not Pokemon. It seems that you simply didn't like newer gens, which doesn't make you a genwunner. Instead, it just simply means you prefer or only like Gen 1 and 2.

TL;DR You're not a genwunner. You just like Gen 1 and 2 more.
Right there with you. I'm exactly like you. Grew up with Pokemon being the only series I'm obsessed about, but I too lost interest (though, after Hoenn). Sun and Moon though, man. I haven't felt this much joy and nostalgia since my younger days. That battle with Salazzle almost blacked me out (something that hasn't happened in /years/) and I was beaming afterward because of how I just barely won. 

I truly think this is the game all of us older pokemon fans have always wanted. Characters with depth and the fact that I can now high-five and pet my Pikachu just makes this the perfect bundle. I'm so excited to see what Game Freak comes out with next.
As I approach my 30s, I still will never ever understand how those my age can ever be genwunners.

After 7 generations, I still can't find a Kanto Pokémon anywhere near my top 50.
Lol I used to be a Genfourer (started with Gen 4 and only liked designs from Gen 1 till Gen 4) until Sun and Moon. I was not a fan of the Gen 5 Pokemon designs and ended up skipping Gen 5. I also was not a fan of the Gen 6 designs unlike most people (only ones I really liked were Greninja and Tyrantrum). But Sun and Moon has definitely brought me back with a vengeance. I may even play the game again just to try out a new team of Pokemon. 
/thumbs up!

Agreed! My interest was waning pretty solidly (last one I remember playing and liked it was Emerald I think) but I saw this one and got interested in it. My poor husband has had to listen to me gawp about the story and neat things all week till we could pick up a 3DS for his copy so he could play < . < I wasn't sharing mine > . > He tends to grump "151 pokemon is all you need" but he's enjoying it too XD
Just a quick note, when you say "queue," I think you meant "cue"?
Generation Rankings - 
1) Gen 4 (Nostalgia and my three favorite non-SuMo games) 
2) Gen 7 (SuMo is best single game) 
3) Gen 5
4) Gen 2
5) Gen 1
6) Gen 3
7) Gen 6 
I'll be able to post a pic of them tomorrow (I work at Gamestop) but basically it's the Sun and Moon icons.
Haven't seen this..can you tell me more about this promo?
that's dope man, nice
Is this you on a real piano or midi?
I was farming Abra's last night for synchronize/natures and was really digging this theme.  This sounds really good!
This deserves an upvote. Great stuff!

Do you know if there's any way to make a track loop in soundcloud? I wouldn't even mind just leaving it on except for some reason it immediately starts something [totally different](https://soundcloud.com/klonque/klonque-burn-particularly-03-the-hunt) when this finishes for me :/
You watch as all RBY imports have Hidden Abilities
yeah a lot of competitive people have been excited for that though this combo might be banned in official VGC.
No Guard Machamp... meets Hurricane.
yeah, if it did, it would make the isle pretty anoying and near useless at getting specific EVs.
That's always sad, I had a shiny smeargle struggle itself to death once and that was heartbreaking. I understand your pain.
That sucks man. There's a lot of hype around SOS chaining for shinies but you have to be very careful with that, especially when trying for a ditto.

Mesuda Methoding is quicker  ;) got a shiny Honedge today in less than 200 eggs!
A moment of silence for your loss
I have a pretty nice Parasect for ditto chaining.

- spore (ditto will fail if it tries to use it back on you)
- swords dance (because I can't bring them to 1hp at current level.
- grass knot (1/4 effective on Parasect so I'm only taking about 4 damage when they use it on me but I can use it to KO the 1hp dittos)
- false swipe (obvious reasons)

As long as you have PP and don't give them a chance to grass knot you on 1hp you can't die.
Atleast you saw a shiny
In all my years of pokemon i have never found a wild shiny ever
Yeah, the design is awesome - looks like an alien bug! And has good stats and matching movepool to go with it. One of my favourite pokemon this gen.
Red card on that is too funny. Good way to mess with people.
It learns Aqua Jet as well (egg move).
Kinda annoying being in a battle against a legendary (or a UB, if you don't count those as legendaries, but I do), and the bastard gets shoved even 1 HP below half health...say goodbye to the legendary!

Also, I wish it would finish its turn before Emergency Exit kicked in. I could one-shot a Pokemon in the Battle Buffet, but instead, because it didn't get to attack first, it decides "Nah, I'll piss off, instead. You can have fun with that wasted turn, Zentopian."

Golisopod is a fuckin' monster, and I love it, but...it's just not as viable as it should be for a lot of things. If it doesn't go first, it's almost useless. First Impression is about the only thing it's good for, which I admit is an amazing move, but if I'm trying to take down a fire-type with the only water-type on my team, I'm not going to use First Impression...
Can't decide if Golisopod or Midnight Lycanroc is my favorite new Pokémon, both of them are phenomenal in design and they're both formidable too. 
The design is badass. Definitely the coolest of this gen.
You got lucky. My Golisopod was such dead weight that I replaced it with an entirely-redundant Lunala (I had GHost and Psychic types already) for the league. After winning the league and realising my crippling weakness to Dark Pokemon, I put Golisopod back in, only to be reminded why I ditched it originally.

A good 75% of my battles with it involved me sending it in, and it getting knocked below 50% and running away with its tail between its legs.
Wish I shared your enthusiasm. But GF messed up with its ability. Hopefully they update the game and give him a second ability. I gave it the benefit of the doubt before I saw it fail a few people in comp battles. Failed me a few times in game.

Worst pokemon in the game if you're actually looking to win battles with it.
The Shiny Charm triples your chance of encountering a shiny so it goes form 1/512 to 3/512. So a little bit more than 1/256.
From my understanding we have no idea what the actual chance of SoSing is, nor if Dex Nav affects SoSing.

If you have sources that contradict this please inform me.
Probably about 1/170.6
I see your 20 haunters and dump 25 wingulls. 
You know what's worse than getting garbage back in WT? People complaining about getting garbage back in WT.

Just release them and move on with your life. It isn't that big of a deal.

Edit: on top of that there are over 2mil copies if the game sold within the first week. There are 600k subs here. So that at max is roughly 30% of the playerbase. Take out people who don't own a copy or don't view the forum to see a complain and that percentage drops more.
I wonder traded a few female salandits earlier
I wonder traded a bunch of totodiles last night and this morning.
been wonder trading some litten's, alola vulpix and jangmo-o 
best thing i got in return was a solosis

Ageed. I only traded away my half decent breeding rejects when I did wonder trade. -Congrats, you just received a 4 IV abra with magic guard. I just received a zubat. 
wonder traded boxes upon boxes of Rowlets last week. Also a few hackers/streamers did a shiny ditto giveaway on stream a la WTW of gen 6. It's gonna start getting better after christmas, once everyone is further along in the game to catch stuff that isn't common crap.
I have half a box of rowlets that I plan on trading and plan on breeding misdreavus to get a shiny, so I'll probably give those out to.
Can some1 tell me who they got a totodile?

I WT pokerus sandshrews. About 30 a day only because I want a shiny one.
doing my best sending out mimikyu and dhelmise (as well as using them on the GTS) after having nothing more interesting than mudbray and pichu for the first island or so. will get some bruxish out there soon too.

Abilities and stats aren't great for now, but they're okay dex-fillers. once the bank update comes and I get my breeding ditto back I'll be back on regular wondertrade form :D
I've been dumping Totodiles into WT, I'm sick of getting abras over and over again 
I'm trying. I sent off a female Salandit the other day. It's hard when you don't breed.
I get Abra so much-____-
Why do you have 25 wingulls is the question 

Trade kadabra so alakzam can get out there 
Yea after Christmas should be way better 
That's what more ppl need to do lol
How do you get todadile??

>Dancer will activate when any Pokemon in a double battle Dances. Cannot confirm for Triples

That's gonna be a "No" because there's no Triples in SuMo.
Licensing issues.
You need to get yourself a nice pair of headphones, the music is that much better. It's like night and day.
I do this with every battle theme. ~~I basically zone out and listen to the theme before snapping back into reality.~~
Same, but with headphones. Mmmm. Those are some high quality tunes right there.
Every Pokemon in the Battle Tree AI has Serene Grace, No Guard, Shell Armor, Super Luck, and Sniper active at all times.
Battle Tree is bull. Second person I fought magic bounced my stealth rocks and kept spamming yawn and protect.
That was gross.  Must have been scarfed too if it outsped your Garchomp... 
The lannisters send their regards.
That would be amazing.
It could be a total nightmare. Could you imagine people putting in their fully EV/IV powered pokemon in  a competitive team?
Octillery maybe? It gets the ability Sniper and Octazooka also has Artillery in its name.
In that way, you could maybe consider pokemon having the "sniper" ability? Like Kingdra or Drapion?

Special aura sphere lucario?

Yanmega?
Scizor gives off that vibe... not ranged though 

Weavile.
Absol
Greninja
Flygon

There really aren't any other actual archer themed pokes though
Octillery and Porygon Z are the only ones who spring to mind. Skill Link Cinccino does this in battle, but nothing about it would give you the idea outside of battle. If you would accept Cinccino based on its battle style, then Mega Heracross would also count.

Wait, I was just thinking "Sniper". Tentacruel are known in lore for destructive beam attacks, as are Kingdra, Porygon Z (mentioned above) and also Porygon 2. Also known for beams are Grumpig, Alakazam, and Starmie. If you go by battle style and not just lore... Pretty much every special attacker can spam at least one beam move, so idk. Way too big of a pool.
Clawitzer/Crablauncher might be a good option. Heavy emphasis on projectiles with an ability that powers up aura sphere and similar moves.
I think GameFreak should implement good grinding options such as the Blissey bases. The EXP system in SM works both ways. While it gives less EXP if you beat a Pokemon lower leveled than your Pokemon (preventing massive overleveling), the EXP System in SM gives you bonus EXP when you beat a Pokemon higher leveled than your Pokemon. So imagine the EXP gain if you beat a level 100 Blissey.
Maybe check out twitch? 
Found this guy doing a non-commentary playthrough and I think he's pretty much finished the game. It's not one video but a playlist instead. I hope it'll do!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsIzkc1UmwI&list=PLkR3RWLcKJUS4AzU0B4F_Oxl-wjacxHCb&index=1
I don't really see how Incineroar fits as a monk, to be honest. 
I think you're stretching the RPG classes thing.  
I don't think gen7 is based on RPG classes. Monk is a real stretch.
You're just having bad luck. Cyndaquil has the annoying 12.5% gender ratio, you definitely should have seen a female by now but it's not so much of a statistical anomaly that we should assume something is wrong.
Nothing. Cyndaquil has a low female ratio and there isn't anything you can do when breeding to affect gender...
Nothing
there's about a 10% chance for female starters. keep trying and it'll happen.
Keep trying. I've had boxes filled with only males when breeding. It's just a matter of luck.
Feed 3 Rainbow Beans. Instant max affection.
It's literally u/IAmOdinDark's dream Pokémon come true.
STANDO POWAH!
At first I didn't really like it, but it's so funny to me now. I love how cute it is when I pet it in Refresh. I've really warmed up to all of the Ultra Beasts tbh. I'm their mama now.
It's so ridiculous it's awesome. Best "legendary" yet.
There's a reason the two of them I caught are called Swolesquito and Buff Flexley.  
  
Also, **ORAORAORAORAORA!**
I love the ultra beasts.  They arentlegendaries from our realm but crazy monsters from another, where they live quite abundantly.  They fit that alternate dimension creep shit type thing.
I wanted to name mine "BITE ZA DUSTO", but aparantly "bite" is a banned word....
Pokemon Snap - The Ride. If anything, that's what we've all been waiting for, no? Pokemon Snap 2. :P
Massive integration for Pokemon GO, I don't know how or what they'd do, but it would be a great incentive for people to go into the park. (In addition to literally every other reason on top of that)
The first idea that came to mind would be a simulator ride like Simpsons or Despicable Me, and we would take the role and viewpoint of the Pokémon in a trainer battle. This would be an interesting switch considering we as players are obviously used to being the ones doing the commanding rather than being commanded. And the high intensity and fast pace would make for a fun ride as the chairs move around. Maybe heat vents to simulate a flame thrower or mist for a water gun like on the Spiderman ride.
Golisopod, Mimikyu, and Decidueye. Got to 40th stage, Beaten by Wally. Then Second Team: Tapu Koko, Mimikyu, and Decidueye currently on 27th stage. 
Mines not that good but somehow I get far all the time.
 Tapu koko, ninetails, and bewear
Mega-Gyarados, Tapu-Koko, Mudsdale
Timid Tapu Koko with Life Orb and Tbolt is an absolute monster. Make sure he has good teammates to back him up.
AFAIK they're normal shiny odds so congrats! 
I think you're just lucky (congrats!). I've caught 4 Island scanned Pokémon and none of them where shiny - I even SR several times trying to get Chikorita into the Friend Ball.
You mention having only seen two other shinys in 15 years experience and it hearkened me back to one of my cooler Sun/Moon moments.  Prior to Sun/Moon the only shiny I had ever caught was Red Gyarados in GSC/HGSS, but low and behold a random encounter on the second island revealed a Shiny Spearow, first non-story shiny I've ever caught. :-P
I think SM have a better shiny rate than older games. I got my first shiny the other day but it was zubat of all things... Yay...
Youre their god now
That's why I only have Tapu Koko with me, cuz he clearly was down. I haven't caught the others yet, my army of Ultra Beasts will do just fine for now.
 Poké Pelago islands are close enough to that they can fly to their shrines if needed.
I just assume that - legendary or not - there are more than one of these critters.  We know there is more than one Cosmog already so...

And speaking of past gens... catching Palkia felt particularly egregious - this thing is essentially a god, and now it's in a pokeball on my belt.
I traded all of mine away my islands are gonna be over run with baddies now
My head cannon is they have free leave, and go about their normal duties until you call on them
I completely agree. Unlike the previous games, the plot actually integrates into the protagonist's journey to complete the trials. The part with the cover legendaries is a bit rushed, but the story isn't just some minor obstacle in between the trials. 

Also, it is hinted that Lusamine is influenced by UB-01 when she first encountered it. 
The writers really out done themselves this time. The characters are realistic and the story is engaging. Better yet, they didn't write themselves into a dead end as Lillie is in Kanto looking for Bill to separate UB-01 from her mother and Hau is still striving to be the champion. It is very likely that we will see these characters again in the future.
One of my favourite things about the SUMO story is the fact that the cover legendary is a character.
For me, I found the story enjoying mostly because of Lillie. I just like a story when it has some romance but not dominated by it. Idk about everyone else, but to me Lillie was definitely trying to hit it up with me. This is also the reason I really enjoyed the XY season anime compared to everything before it.
It was great that Lillie never gave up on her mother. It became clear that Nihilego was the sole reason Lusamine ended up the way she did.
It was nice to see a story that wasn't about the evil team using the cover legends to do bad stuff again. It was nice back when it was done in 3rd Gen, but since then it became more mandatory than a Fire/Fighting starter... And since 3rd Gen, 5th Gen was the only one that I felt did it well.

I also love how this is the first time since 2nd Gen where we are the ones who summon the Legendary Pokemon, and this time for good reason related to the plot. All the characters in the story were great and many had noticeable growth. And despite having some many characters, you got to know each, unlike say the Sages in 5th Gen whose names I can't remember...

My only complaints about the story is that sometimes the characters are a bit too direct with their dialog, especially Lillie. Like they will say the same sort of line multiple times (e.g. "I don't like watching Pokemon fight, but..."), which felt unneeded to me but given the target audience it may be best to be less subtle.

Also, I feel like the Po Town part could have been paced a tad better instead of running right into climax. Instead of doing 6th Trail and then Po Town, you could have gone to Aether House to find Pokemon were stolen, then went to do Po Town. Then you come back to do the Trial but while you were gone that is when Team Skull came back for Lille. That would also have put more time between the Guzma fights and have just put a small break between the two intensive plot parts.
> focus on a character that isn't you

The thing is, the player character isn't as much an actual character as a blank slate serving as the player's avatar. If you want to, you can roleplay and imagine a lot of stuff into them (which I did, and this game made that easier than ever thanks to the surrounding characters), but having the plot basically Lillie's story with the PC as the deuteragonist is imo a nice touch and not bad storytelling at all, if perhaps a bit atypical compared to the PC-centered plot of so many other games.
The only thing that would've made it better is if the player character's face is capable of showing emotion. 
Well Lusamine did want to go to the Victory Celebration at the end ...
Yeah the whole "let's blow up the world" thing with Team Flare was a little redundant after all the Hollywood movies with the exact same plot, up to the big machine firing a laser into the sky. Sun and Moon tell Lillie's story, and that's what makes it so heartwarming and personal. Even in the credits, it's her reminiscing and saying "I'm glad I met you".
The thing is with every other game I had to save the world but it felt like more of a chore (besides gen V) I had to do to catch the legend and move on with the game when here I was totally invested and really wanted to see how it would play out 
Am I the only one who felt that the entire main story could have been interpreted as the story being told through Lillie's perspective?
I think the story is probably the best Pokemon has ever had but in terms of video game stories it's still pretty generic, safe and extremely obvious. The thing that kept me most intrigued to the games story was how cute Nebby was. 
This is probably the Pokemon that I love in terms of story. It made me want to keep going, to see what would happen next. It was very hard for me to detach from the 3DS when I got Pokemon Moon.
I was so thrilled that Lusamine didn't have a big 180. It honestly would've reduced the whole plot to "typical shitty baby's-first-cookie-cutter bullshit Pokemon cartoon story for babies" for me.
I think that lili has in the story a evolving from a 11 year old girl to a teenager 
In b4 we get some DLC update for sun and moon that adds pokemon gyms.
This is the first time a Pokémon game has made me cry. 
As a fan since the RBY days, I agree. SM had a great story. It felt like I was playing a normal game, not a Pokemon games where things were just happening "because Pokemon".

I also thought that having the final challenger of the base game being Kukui was ingenius... It really brought everything in the game full circle, imo. Kukui really is one of the best characters of the series.
[Super Mystery Dungeon](/s"Both games focus on the the partner characters growth and not so much with the player character, you just kind of act as a catalyst for your partner to grow which at least in these two games lead to a very personal story")
For the sake of argument ... it's not bad story telling. I submit Samwise Gamgee and Frodo Baggins. 
Even better, the big threat that looms over the world becomes something that you have to take care of *after* you finish the main storyline. Saving the world is always going to be there in Pokémon, but just this once, I love that it really was about the friends we made along the way.
Didn't expect the story to be good, I was just expecting it to be a slog before endgame. Was partly sad when I got to postgame. One thing worries me though: the fusion thing between the antagonist and the ultra beast. I hope it doesn't mean we'll see trainer-pokemon fusion as a game mechanic in the future... Some people might like it though. XD
The story was fine. Let's not go crazy over finally having a storyline with character arcs.

The problem with it is how detached it is from Alola itself. It could have been cut out and plunked down in any region whatsoever. The only tenuous connection is the guardian Tapu, which could again have just as easily been incorporated into something like X and Y. The dimensional invasion storyline was basically entirety self contained. I'd much prefer if they could have fundamentally incorporated the people and leaders of Alola.

If the Aether Foundation was actually trying to enslave the Tapu, for instance, which would threaten the fundamental ecology of the islands. That would have been more in line with the feel of the trials and actual quest.
>Lillie's relationship with her mother

Okay, maybe I've missed something, or maybe I'm not there yet. But after 30+ hours I'm in Po City and have no mention of any Lillie Mom.
most developed pokemon story yet

this is definitely an unpopular opinion, but I disliked Lillie. I found her to be naive. You know your mother is after you, you are one hundred percent aware that you are carrying an extremely important pokemon, and yet you cant defend yourself at all? Not only that, but you don't even like the thought of battling? If you are a pacifist that is fine. But if you are a pacifist who makes situations in which violence is the solution (ie pokemon battles) then you should probably stop being a pacifist. 

The best character in the whole story in my opinon is Gladion. He starts off as this generic Silver rip-off until you beat him, then he shows he has layers and he doesnt use his pokemon as if they were weapons. Then throughout the entire game we watch as he slowly realizes that doing things alone, wont work all the time. Plus, Gladion isnt annoying. 

Hau was a good character too, he was just a bit too happy for me. 
I really like how they didn't make the legendaries all powerful either. The legend was with you the whole time, and it isn't like a final battle or anything. There's more emphasis on the UBs, and I really hope that this will help people who always try to use legends for battling realize that they're not always the strongest Pokemon.
I agree, but I actually consider it a fault.  Storytelling is different in a video game than in other forms of media.  The main goal is to provide players a strong reason to keep going and to make them feel accomplished, while traditionally important aspects like coherence and personality are secondary.  They're still important but we don't really notice it as much when playing a game.  A good example is the clunky dialogue in the Pokemon Generations shorts.  They were actually ripped straight from the games, but we didn't notice when playing the games because we were instead focused on overcoming some conflict.

I mean Lillie's internal conflict is endearing in its own way, but like, as a player I don't feel like I'm really doing anything.  If this was happening alongside a more standard "save the world" adventure it would have been fine.  But instead it felt like I was just "clearing the way" for Lillie so she could talk to her mother again without running into a wild pokemon.

Personally I was left wondering what the unleashed Ultra Beasts were doing.  There's a short cinematic of one approaching Tapu Koko, but they're never brought up again until after the end credits!  So... I guess they weren't that important then?  It makes me wonder if the developers were running out of time at this point in the story.  The game seemed to be setting them up as this big looming threat, but it barely went anywhere.

Focusing on Lillie's development definitely sets the game apart from other pokemon games, and it's done well, but I'm not sure it was the right choice.  Low stakes isn't what I'm looking for in a game story, I want something that makes me want to keep playing.
I really did enjoy that the story wasn't the usual "save the world with love!" Kinda thing, but I had a hard time getting through it because of Lillie. I just really didn't like her character, I think she had potential but her writing was very awkward to me. 
A lot of people will complain that you are not the "main character" of the story and are merely just a side character. While this is true in some sense you still play a role in intervening in Lusamine's etc. plans. But I also think it's really nice how the relationship between Lillie, Gladion, and Lusamine progresses throughout the game, especially Lillie. Very in-depth character and good development.
Its not a very complex story. I would have liked her more if she didnt have the stupid :D expression plastered on her face half the time
It's good that people liked the story, but the story was normal and not surprising, it's good that there is a lot of focus on Lillie but I did not like the character so I do not enjoy the story as expected.


But it is also good that many people liked the story.
/r/festivalplaza
I have one and I could friend you if you want
My code is 0877-1993-0527
For clarity, any foreign pokemon will increase shiny odds not just Ditto.
IIRC there's a subreddit here where you can request a perfect IV foreign ditto.
I've been trying to Masuda a Rowlet what are the damn chances foo has me with like 3 boxes and no shiny smh I've halted all story progress since like day 3 and I'm too stubborn to move on.
Also, having the Ditto be from a different player increases the chance per step of the day care finding an egg (in other words, the Pokemon lay eggs faster), so that's another good reason to get a foreign Ditto.
[deleted]
How do I get a 4 IV foreign ditto? 
If I put a jpn ditto with a jpn eevee, and I'm in America, would the ditto need to be from another country?
Okay i think i might be ded because i read Ditto as Dugtrio and was wondering how a foreign dugtrio would increase shiny encounters. Personal problem but wow 
[deleted]
...
But...How?
Don't you risk to get a hacked Ditto? 
Well for a ninja i would recommend eiter Ninjask, Shedninja, or Greninja over a Gallade as Gallade has more of a Knight/Prince motif. I also think Golette, Golurk, or any of the Regis would be a btter choice over Chespin for a "armored" person.

For the sorcerer a Mismagius could be a nice fit too.
I like your choices so far. You don't have to narrow your choices for each character to which Pokemon they may be stereotypically. Seems you're going with classic rpg classes.  Gollet as a king? Or a villain perhaps?
>succubus as a Braixen

Oh, its gonna be one of THOSE kinds of fanfics, eh? 

.

.

.

^^Link ^^it ^^when ^^yer ^^done.
There's a lot I liked and a lot a disliked in this gen. I was super stoked to get customization back, only to be utterly underwhelmed by maybe 10 options padded out with many color variations and don't even get me started on the pants...
I liked the option to go hatless, the hair styles, the contacts, and the glasses but in terms of the clothes themselves I feel like I liked XY's selections a lot more. 
Hair options don't even cover all natural colours as well.
The hat selection was pretty bad. My players are girls so there are, at least, accessories on my side, but I found a lot of the selections lacking this time around - where are the dresses???
Can it be chained from Flygon or Pilosand?
But the cost to build a new facility doubles each time you build the same one, I can't really see how this is sustainable
Berries or Friendship Cafe/Parlor in Festival Plaza as far as I've seen.

http://serebii.net/sunmoon/festivalplaza.shtml  Scroll down to the Restaurants to see which serve which meals.  Haven't seen anything else.

Cafe's with the most are exclusive to Moon and Parlors with most is exclusive to Sun.  You'd have to find someone with the opposite game to get both sets in your game.
Friendship Parlor stalls at the Festival Plaza.
Using EV decreasing berries
Harder to get mon like Mareanie/Dhelmise/Jangmo-o = UBs. 


Trade Evos = Anything you want (like milotic, porygonz, magmorter)

Salandit F = Anything but trade exclusives
A female Salandit got me a Kartana if that helps 
I find version exclusives like Sandshrew/Vulpix & Oranguru/Passimian have some good value on the GTS. Mareanie alone will get you a good portion of the dex too. 
Vanillite babies have done wonders for me. They are very hard to catch, so people are willing to trade surprising things for them.
I got a Type: Null for a 3 IV female Cyndaquil I put up on a whim after a long breeding session.
Obviously a Yungoos is worth a Shiny Arceus.
I think Sun and Moon have come a far way for trainer AI, but I think I have to agree with you as far as Pokemon XD. Still my favorite.
Personally, probabaly Gold/Silver. Those were the first games I played and I was too young to really understand type advantages. Whitney, Jasmine, and the ghost gym were killer.
Pokémon puzzle league is easily the most difficult Pokémon game.
Yeah, I do miss it, it was so handy.
I miss being able to search for a specific pokemon :(
I definitely miss it, as well as the feature of being able to stalk pokemon and hopefully get rare moves and the like.
This was the best feature in ORAS, was really hoping they would add it in SM.
I never used it
Great ball though. Literally unusable
That's not a shiny sally
Shiny sally is green
Shiny Bagon is Love <3
I'm guessing Minerva is a Fire Emblem reference? :o
Dang bro clean your screen
I never hated him, but it does get on my nerves that over half of all fire starters are martial artists, just from the principle of BE MORE CREATIVE GAMEFREAK CMON?  That said, I tend to like fire and fighting types the most... so I'm definitely not disappointed with how much character they gave to it.  I especially like when you first tell him to use Darkest Lariat, he just kind of looks the enemy up and down like, "You? You are nothing to me.  Prepare to get wrecked!"  Your gif cut the best part out :(
I don't get any of his personality from his mechanics.  He doesn't learn taunt, pursuit, beat up, foul play, mean look, or any wrestling moves other than his signature (flying press or acrobatics would be cool, but I'd take submission).

He has an OK character design, but it doesn't match Litten at all.
No, because he was always the best.
Hated him and now I think he is super QT 
nope. still hate it lol

No because I already thought he was cool
Still hate him, but imo, he has the best moveset, so I'm still using him. Already planning a playthrough with a Charizard starter though.
Nope, I fell in love with him at first sight and hoped that the leak was true (which it was). IMHO he has the most personality out of all three starters so it really pissed me off how much hate he got. 
He has a bad design and is the worst Fire starter as a Fire type. Physical-oriented, awful SpAtk, no access to Blaze Kick or Fire Punch, not tanky enough to repeatedly use Flare Blitz.

He has Flareon syndrome.
I still remember the first time I saw Zubat in Pokemon X/Y. It really made me appreciate how much life the new 3d models breathe into the game. (The sense of amazement lasted until I bumped into another Zubat two steps later.)
SOS battles aren't as fast as Super Training, but still are pretty efficient thanks to the change to the Power items (they now give +8 EVs instead of +4). When you begin an SOS chain (being defined as the moment a wild Pokémon first successfully calls for help), all Pokémon give double EVs. So if a Rattata calls for help and another one appears, they each give 2 Speed EVs. That becomes ~~10~~ 18 each combined with the Power Anklet, ~~20~~ 36 if you also have PokéRus (EDIT: thanks to /u/taggedjc for correcting me on this: the doubled value is across the board, not just to base yield). And since you can use an Adrenaline Orb to greatly increase the chances of an SOS call, it's a pretty quick process.

I also think people undervalue Isle Evelup on Poké Pelago. Once the island is fully developed, one play session gives 4 EVs. Using beans to speed up play time means one session is 15 minutes. The key here is that Pelago runs off the system clock and is still "going" even when you aren't playing, so you can train things while you sleep or breed the next member of your team. Multitasking!
SOS chaining or one of the festival plaza stalls. Or Poke Pelago if you got some time.
Haven't found anything yet.

The SoS chaining works, but you'll have to get enough BP to get the items you want, which I haven't had any luck with.

So yea, I think they kind of dropped the ball on this one. Mainly because we got spoiled with XY where it was so easy to do.
Froslass would totally fit in Lusamine's team, now that I think about it...
Things like this make me glad pokemon isn't real
Who said they aren't allowed to be creepy?   Also old news buddy , pokedex entries have been creepy and disturbing for years
Do the Ultra Beasts mission.

You get 1 million dollarydoos
Go to Poni Coast and break all of the rocks, exit Poni Coast from the side you end up on. Go back in and continue to do this. You'll get Stardust, Star Pieces, and Comet Shards to sell to shops.
high level Persian with Payday. the higher the level the bigger the payout.
Thief Compoundeyes Butterfree at Hano Beach works for me. Wild Staryu have a chance to hold either Stardust or Star Pieces and they may leave behind Comet Shards, either way money is being made.
Pykumyku(sorry if I'm spelling this wrong) daily chucking. This job nets you 20,000 each day. You have to talk to the guy on the beach where the orange grand golf hotel is. 
Tsareena's Queenly Majesty ignores priority moves (a prankster taunt or bullet punch won't do anything) which makes her a viable switch in if you pair with assault vest

I see mimikyu on nearly every team as well as the tapus and UBs 

I'm a fan of ribombee as a fast special attacker. 

I don't see mudsdale nearly as often as I should for his considerable bulk and coverage

I really like drampa. Berserk is amazing. Great bulk there too. 

Toxapex with toxic spikes and black sludge can be extremely viable

Bewear - not that popular but her bulk is amazing
Breed on an elemental punch for coverage

Rest talk wishiwashi is pretty great (araquanid can fill a similar niche)

Minior. White herb. Shell smash. Quite predictable though not as predictable as swords dance mimikyu

Oranguru is another one to check out

Pyukumuku. So much bulk plus free revenge kill with rocky helmet 

Sorry, I just gave you a billion more options 
I mean for as long as I can remember they have been saying the sun and moon pokebank update will happen in January.
Oh, boy. I'VE BEEN WAITING TO TRANSFER NOW I HAVE TO WAIT MORE!!!
Lol, extras. I'd be content if I oculd get a *single* Ditto to spawn in less than 20 minutes.
No, it only affects the initial wild Pokemon encounter.
My head-canon is that they want to protect their trainers from dangerous wild pokemon so they grab you and flee.
Stupid, but intended. I ran from the post-Elite 4 fight because of it.
Unfortunately all forced switch scenarios like roar, whirlwind, dragon tail etc. have this property when it comes to trainer battles vs. wild Pokemon battles. The only times where this does not apply that I can think of is with pivoting moves like u-turn and volt switch. If anybody has any additions or corrections please feel free to clarify.
It is not a bug, "switching out" in a wild encounter is equivalent to running away and always has been. 

Example: Roar on Legendary Dogs in Gen 2
Sometimes Gamefreak just likes to make people suffer. 
Your username brings back bad flashbacks. :( 
Hey, new friend! Happy Birthday!

For real, though, I'm sorry to hear. I just hope a random wish from a stranger over the Internet is something of compensation at least :/

Regardless, I hope you've had a wonderful day, and good luck with everyone remembering next year :)
potato. lol. btw shame on your friends. happy birthday!
Happy birthday! Nothing like chilling playing Pokemon on your birthday.
Aw, so sorry to hear that. Happy birthday! And that's really cool. Did she give you anything? I'm assuming not.
Probably late but Happy Birthday!
Why is this posted so often now but anyway this was also a thing in X and Y
Happy birthday! That feature is great, it's always kinda touching to see it when you forget about it over the year....
I would call the new Call for Help mechanic an absolute success because it has the potential for all these interesting scenarios you don't get in regular 1on1 fights - not even Hordes were as interesting.

It makes regular capturing a challenge, provides an aid to players looking for specific things, makes grinding for gold/levels/items easier, and gives you these memorable moments.

Goddamn, they BETTER bring this back.
I love the Boldoure in White with sturdy. 
It's like a built in false swipe for catching them to send off into WonderTrade. 
In luxury balls too. 

Figure it's better to send something that evolves when traded instead of the usual Zigzagoons and Wurmples!
My snorlax knows the false swipe move. It's great. 
I only recall using Z Moves as a last resort for stuff like Totem Mons that gave me trouble (looking at you, Lurantis). Didn't feel it necessary to spam it every battle just because you can. It's nice to have an option though, and even then it doesn't always hit as hard as you hope. 
I didn't use them once. Why waste an item space on a Z move when you can have leftovers, choice scarf, etc?
I used them against the E4  and Champ just to make it cinematic.
I did. I didn't plan to, but when Ilima commented on the fact that I did not use one in my battle against the Kahuna I felt compelled to do it.
I'm using them sparingly. I'm being fairly relaxed on my first playthrough by using EXP Share and using Z moves to see all the new stuff. I hate mega forms but Z moves aren't TOO bad, in my opinion.

I'll do a 'harder' playthrough later. No EXP Share, no Z moves. I like that the opponent uses them in some fights. The little bit of added difficulty is welcome.
I've used them mainly on Totems (when I finally remembered I had them *after* I battled my ass off) and when I'm upset at random NPC trainers or wild Pokemon that refuse to be caught. Oh you're gonna call for help a 5th time after spamming Fire Spin and wasting 7 ultra balls?! ***commences JoJo pose*** FUCK YOU MAGBY, I DON'T CARE ANYMORE! YOU'RE DEAD! YOU ARE ALL DEAD!! 
Honestly I thought I was gonna hate them, but they're such ridiculous fun I just had to give every one of my Pokemon a Z-Crystal. :D
I didn't use them because I absolutely hate them.
I've used them a couple of times, but they're extremely underwhelming. Definitely not even worth using.
Y'know. After receiving 50+ Yungoos through Wonder Trade, it's pretty satisfying to just go out and drop a nuke on one.
Me. And I was really hoping for an option online to ban megas and Z moves. But hey at least we got the option to ban special pokemon( whatever that is, since people are still able to use legendaries online)
I only used it to train low level mons. Have them one shot wild pokemon. 

(I hate Exp Share it feels cheaty)
After the first Kahuna battle I was congragulated on my victory without Z-move
It was too much work to put a Z-Crystal on any of my pokemon. Never needed it anyway, I was usually OHKOing everything already. 

me. The first Z move I used was in the battle tree when I didn't have any other good items to put on my pokemon.
Maybe a Steel Z-move exclusive for excadrill named giga drill break. If game freak did that I would move heaven and earth to get one and name it Simon. (Gurren Lagaan in case you're wondering)
I'm kinda Surprised Silvally didn't get one, so here Imma make one for it, and it shall be called:      
RKS Overload.      
Silvally's RKS system goes into overdrive as it's Tail, Eyes and Plume glow the different colours of each type (slowly I might add, we ain't havin' any seizures here), before unleashing a massive beam that drains 80% of Silvally's health, whilst also taking away 80% of the opponent's health, obviously ignoring status changes and type advantages.      
Requires that Silvally knows Multi Attack.     
Whether this move is competitively viable or not I have no clue.
Lunatone's Z-Move: Lunar Impact  
Lunatone flies, overlapping the moon and absorbing lunar energy from it, then, Lunatone falls like a meteor on his enemy (like Majora's Mask's moon), with purple and blue energy things following them. The impact forms a moon shape, like how Zygarde's Core Enforcer has a Z shape.  
Solrock's Z-Move: Solar Impact  
Solrock flies, overlapping the sun and absorbing solar energy from it, then, Solrock falls like a meteor, with orange and red energy things following them. The impact forms a sun shape.
Farfetch'dium Z, the move would be called "Leakzetsuken".

The clouds would go dark and Farfetch'd would suddenly appear, riding a horse with six legs. It would be wielding a gigantic leak too. It would then charge at the enemy, and slice him up a couple of times, a japanese kanji letter appearing with each cut. Then the Farfetch'd would fade away and assume its initial combat position, and the enemy, which up to now appeared to be completely fine, would suddenly fall apart, cut into a couple of fairly large gibs.

(I can't be the only one for whom Z-Moves look like Summon animations from Final Fantasy.)
Volcarona - Flames of Life

180BP, guarantees burn, and raises SpAtk one stage. Requires fiery dance

Gives volcarona a reason to use fiery dance over the Superior heat wave or fire blast
Silvally readies itself, then charges at the opponent. Before it reaches the opponent, however, it leaps into the air. All the non-specific Z-Crystals fly around Silvally, basking it in their power. Silvally begins to glow, all the types' colors swirling around it. Before delivering the killing blow, the name of the Z-Move is shown in multicolored, imposing letters.

***OMNI-ATTACK***

Silvally then shoots a large orb out of their mouth, with it splitting up into several lasers (of each type) and crashing into the opponent with what could be best described as a meteor shower of death.

130 base power, always super effective.

Used with Multiattack.
Solgaleo: Bright Sunlight Meteor 

. Solgaleo turns into it's radiant sun phase and tackles the pokemon though an Ultra Wormhole to space and around the sun, then finishes it off by ramming it back down to earth

Lunala: Pale Moonlight Beam

. Lunala flies through an Ultra Wormhole to the moon turn into it's full moon phase and absorbs lunar energy behind it, then releases that energy as a huge laser blast to the poor pokemon below.
Lucario's Z-Move: Aura Storm

Lucario rises into the air and blasts his target with aura power. Its power grows even stronger the more Lucario is damaged. 

Lucario must know Aura Sphere.

(this is obviously inspired by Lucario's Final Smash in SSBB and his Aura mechanic in the Smash Bros. series)
homage to Naruto?
elite four, battle buffet takes longer
I use a lucky egg and grind in the grass right before the battle tree. It's definitely faster than using the Battle Buffet. 

This game really makes me miss the exp o-power. 
I was able to get this hairstyle on the very first city in the very first island. Maybe you just skipped over it? Go back to Hau'oli City and go into their hair salon. I should be there.
If they don't appear, then they are unlocked after you complete the game, similar to the red wine and white hair colors.
Romantic Tuck should be available on a later island at a salon.

Pigtails is available after you beat the game.
These are really cool. Like, they look traced, but way too big to do so.

Is that a failed blastoise behind the growlithe? It looks good, but there is that spot on it.

Why did you get in trouble? Are the boxes used for anything or will they ever?
You go through that meadow with all of the yellow flowers.

Go around the corner, jump down all of the ledges, and you will find a exit that pops you right out at the bay. Where coincidentally you can find Bagons more easily than on the upper ledge.
To be clear, there's a hole in the meadow you have to crawl through
Go into Melemele meadow, and go to the bottom left, you'll find a small hole in the wall that will have an 'a' button prompt, go through it into Seaward cave and just follow your way down to the bay.
You go through seaward cave which is accessed through melemele Meadow
On the east or west?
Was just trying to do this. 
I felt bad until I bought a Skull Tanktop from some grunts and they used that money to get out of town and start a new life. 
They said that since the moment you beat them tho.
Someone did the math the other day and found the johto is the slowest region and alola is the heaviest 
Yes alola is much slower then every other region along with many other changes.

Such as  spite only reducing an ability by 4 instead of half, game freak is actually using sun and moon to balance competitively. 
You can find the opposite version of Lycanroc in Vast Poni Canyon.
Vulpix/Sandshrew can be found in Tapu Village, in the grass to the left of the Pokemon center. Still a very useful list, I will be using this to help me with my Pokedex.
I feel like it needs Marshadow, Zygard 10%, and Zygard 100% added. (JUst as a note on the bottom for the Zygardes and an event only square for Marshadow)
I hope this isn't too off topic, but I've been trying to play spoiler free through this game, but I have to ask somewhere.  
Are there one time encounters or events that could lead me to missing Pokémon forever, and if so which Pokémon are they? I'm getting to a point in the story where I got the master ball and don't want to have to restart the game if I miss a shot at a legendary or UB.
I love how Buzzwole has the most basic name, he buzzes cause he's a bug and he's fucking SWOLE.
 wimpod can be found in route 8 in front of the motel
Wait, Minior comes in different colors? Is it randomized? How do you get the different colors?
pichu and pikachu- route 1 and in the town. abra in the town. 
Hey, this is so helpful, thanks!! One note - I believe morelull can be caught earlier than you mentioned (at night, brooklet hill)
Damn I missed Grubbin and Pikachu right at the beginning? I ran in circles on Route 1 forever, too. 
On that note, can somebody recommend me a sixth Pokemon for my team? I am currently right before the second Kahuna fight and I originally wanted Drampa, but as far as I know it'll take quite some more time, before I get Drampa. Obviously I'm playing Moon.

My current team consists of Torracat, Mudsdale, Ribombee, Stufful, Pikachu and Toucannon. I would love to replace Toucannon with something cool, but I am not sure. Originally I thought about picking up a Dewpider, but I realized that I have a Ribombee for the Bug type. Same with Shiinotic and the Fairy type. Oh, obviously I'd like a Pokemon from the new generation, whether it's an Alolan form or not doesn't matter though. 
This is amazing, will be very helpful for me topping up my livedex!
You can get Alolan Vulpix in Tapu Village
Love this. Any plans on doing the whole dex? 
Thank you! I have a living dex ready to transfer from ORAS in January so I only need to track down the gen 7 Pokemon. This helps a lot! 
i have been by quite a few berry piles and i have not once encountered a  Crabrawler
I wish I saw this before completing the dex 
I wanted something like this, thank you!!
Bless you OP
does anyone know if I can get the QR code for Celesteela so i can trade for it ?
Do I get Grimer reasonably before the end of the game? Haven't started and I want to use it on my team
What's with all those different color Miniors? Is it like Castform?
I love this guide. Are there any guides like this for other games?
Type:Null is a stupid name.
Anyone knows where I can find shuppet in Sun and Moon?
Thanx! Deffo gonna use this for filling the pokedex ^-^
the ice a-forms are findable on route 15, you used a shiny Pheromosa sprite, you put Cosmoem as a Cosmog, Lycanroc are findable in the fast Poni canyon (mid-day during the day and night during the night, regardless of version)
No. When you can afford it, go for it. But don't make sacrifices like that for the sake of a game. It'll still be around when you're in a better place financially, and we'll all still be playing it, so don't worry about trying to rush it.
Get a 2DS. It's only 80$ compared to the New 3DS, which is 200$. The 2DS works perfectly for me.
I personally really like sun and moon but I suggest only getting it if you have friends who also play it and if you're going to play both competitive and story. Pokemon is very much a community driven game and running solo is quite boring imo.
If you're lucky, you can get a used refurbished 2ds on amazon for 60.

Or you could watch you tubers play it
Lunala and Solgaleo are shiny locked
IIRC, Cosmog, Cosmoem, Solgaleo, Lunala, the Tapus, the UBs ~~and Type:Null~~ are all shiny-locked. Zygarde might be, too.

EDIT: Seems you can have a golden Silvally, after all
They are shiny locked ofc , what did you expect honestly?
it's shiny locked, won't be available unless event ones are released
Shiny locked. As with most legends the past few gens... Not sure why they do it, unless the sole reason is so they can use them as events.
You're the first person I've heard with this problem. Maybe contact Nintendo support with this, since you'll likely wait forever otherwise.
Do you have any pokemon in the Nursery? If so, were they hacked?
thts weird, my GF has Moon Digital on a 16 Sd and never happened when she interacted with that place and npc, mayb bad luck or problems with your software
Yes
Yep 
yes
Yes, all shiny Pokémon remain shiny when they evolve.
yes
Red gyrados is shiny
No, it stops being shiny when it evolves
well i didn't know slowpoke knew how to use reddit =O
Komala. A badass angry koala that couldn't get to sleep would have been awesome.
I'm still a little mad Luvdisk doesn't evolve into Alomomola. Also Tauros into Bouffalant.

Speaking of Tauros, why don't it and Miltank share a calf pre-evolution that splits based on gender, since apparently they're counterparts?
From yours, idk why Minior doesn't have a Majior ... Minor to major kind of thing. It's so obvious.
Baby sneasal form man! 
Evolution of all Electric mouse Pokemon
https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/submit
Stufful's cry is my favourite thing in the game.
Toucannon sounds like it's saying "Oh my god!"

Also, everytime I see Shiinotic I hear the X-Files theme play in my head.
my shiny Sableye i named Rufus. he's been constantly traded up and now currently resides in my copy of Alpha Sapphire. he's made it full circle as i caught him in regular sapphire.

seeing him mega evolve after all these years of owning him was a proud moment.
The Rayquaza, Groudon and Kyogre i have from my old Emerald game. I don't want to pay pokebank just to get them to a game i barely play, so they stay at my Pokemon Diamond cartridge where i can always remember the fun times i once had with that game. 

Although i did transfer Kyogre because it is the ONLY pokemon that i have won all contests with, and also was the first Pokemon i got frustrated trying to catch
Sadly its my Ampharos from BW2. I am currently trying to "re-create" my origional Torterra starter "Tery" and bring it to the new games. 
It's probably my Groudon from Pokemon Ruby.
A shiny charizard that I raised from an egg back in my first fire red run after it's release. It made it all the way to OR and waiting to come to Sun. Was always my star pokemon.
Same here. Blaziken is the only Pokemon I played from FireRed (trade from my friend who played Emerald) all the way to White 2. Level 100, correct nature (Jolly) correctly EV trained but not perfect IVs (quite flawed in special attack while only marginally acceptable in Defense. I used him to strike Elite Four, gyms, trainers, etc. I will mega evolve him once I get a new nintendo DS. 
Blaziken from Ruby > Emerald > Firered > Diamond > Soulsilver > Black > Black2 > Y > ORAS and now soon to Sun :)

I've used him competitively in pretty much all my games, so it was frustrating when people gave me shit for using Mega-Blaziken in XY. Like fuck off, he's been here 10+ years he can do what he wants.
I think it's either a Butterfree or a Lucario from my first playthroughs of FireRed and Platinum respectively, as I played them around the same time. Both are unfortunately the only members of the teams I used in those games left after all these years.
For wild Pokémon with held items I much prefer Compoundeyes Butterfree.

Boots the held item chance to 50% if he's in the first slot, and can learn Thief.
I've been using Mimikyu to do this. None of their offensive moves can hit because of the awesome Fairy/Ghost typing and it can learn thief. 
So I've gone through 30+ Hakamo-o and at least 4 Konmo-o and don't have one yet.

(only posting this cause I know how my luck works and I know the very next one I use thief on will have it)
Seems to be common knowledge. I read it in here a week ago let me find the thread
Already common knowledge. It's this Generations turning around. ;)
If you used the search function on the sub you should find about 3 other posts saying it
TIL, thanks.
wear shades

it brings a whole new level of smug to the player instead of his constant :\^) face
I wouldn't mind if they didn't constantly zoom in as in any suspense situation while my character is smiling like an idiot.
I mean smash bros villager did it and everybody just called him a psychopath
When I started my second playthrough I was *shocked* when the player-character's facial expression changed after Tapu Koko saved me.
The player character is in witness protection, that's why they moved to Alola.  They've seen some *shit* in Kanto. 
Really though, when I finally saw the player character change his expression near the end of the game I was like "FINALLY THAT MOTHERFUCKER IS NOT SMILING"
Seriously, would it kill them to give us a freakin' soul?! It's horrifying just how... Neutrally smiley the MC is.
It went pretty great with my bright yellow eyes and my headcanon that I was a robot.  
(Which has since changed to me being UB-affected) 
I always want to slap wind waker link's expressions on his face.
Honestly? I'm more bothered by the goofy arm swinging we do in the walk aninations.
Our characters smile because they have no idea what anyone is saying, since they barely understand the local dialect.
Yeah but then you'd miss out on psychotic personality headcanon

[like](http://i.imgur.com/Q07Gcrj.png)

[this](http://i.imgur.com/uTZnJKy.png)

EDIT: The playthrough this came from: http://imgur.com/gallery/m8XHH
Damn expression looks like the Ron Weasley Potter Puppet Pal
Seriously my character smiled no matter what happened, and all i was thinking was 

"Bae just left for Kanto and you're still grinning like an idiot."
FOE! FOE! FOE!
**DOES THIS LOOK LIKE THE FACE OF MERCY TO YOU**

0u0
Hey, I'm just happy I'm allowed to be black now. 
I know it's blasphemy to bring up Digimon, but I kinda liked how Cyber Sleuth handled it. The player character is usually just smiling and happy go lucky in every situation, even some kinda fucked up ones, and other characters react to it. They get confused about why you've got a dopey smile on your face, ask if you've just been spacing out the whole time, they kinda straight up think you're psycho. And the player character just kind of smiles and fists pumps in response and just creeps everyone out more with how weird he is. It's kinda great. 
Someone needs to stay calm while the world is ending 
Why should the character not smile? I mean he waited 3 years to get to Alola! If I was him I would grin all the time as well
Character is kinda stupid anyway.  
Gamefreak removed the different movement speeds and he/she can't sit anymore, but lay around on other peoples beds...  
I also liked the X/Y female hairstyles better.  
There are also just 5 hairstyles for guys in S/M...
I bought mirrored sunglasses for my character and now he has an IDGAF face in every scene it's great
If our character not getting expressions meant Lillie got hers then I am fine with that trade.
Honestly actually one of my favorite things in the game. It reminds me [this](http://m.imgur.com/gallery/c4jt321)
Lol. Totally. Any time there was any sort of emotional scene or important interaction with the main character, the camera just turns to this dead eyed happiness zombie.

Cracked me up the entire game!
The bridge scene at the beginning has the player express himself/herself in the face. Perhaps the trauma of nearly being killed broke him/her.
Nah, I think it's hilarious that our character always has the same expression. Wouldn't change a thing
Well, I was enjoying the game so much that I had a big goofy grin on the whole time... and the player is supposed to be our avatar... 
When lurantis came and everyone got scared your character just smiles at its face
The PC's expressions during the Guardian of Alola Z-move suggest to me that the constant inane grinning was not an oversight.
Gladion: (╬ಠ益ಠ)
Yes! It got pretty unbearable at times. I noticed it the most during the Solgaleo/Lunala scene.
I thought it was hilarious. Something bad happens and they zoom in on everybody's face, and then yours. All the humans are shocked beyond belief (especially Hau), but you're just stoic beyond belief. 
I told my brother, "Dude, my character is the shit. This giant pokemon just snuck up behind him and he just looked it in the eyes with a shit-eating grin."
Why do people feel the need to add in these types of edits
Since our character never changes his/her expression, I just made them look as psycho as possible via hair/color/eyes/lips lol
yeah this is definitely one of the things they will need to change for the switch version. I hope they do semi-3D faces like Kingdom Hearts. 
Seriously tho god damn (ʘ‿ʘ)
In retrospect I should have named my trainer Popo due to half of these scenes
Gladion probably thinks that we're idiots for wearing that same dopey expression all the time. And between us and Hau, no wonder he keeps clenching his fingers like he's going to strangle someone.

"Can you guys stop being IDIOTICALLY HAPPY so I can be edgy?"
"bring it. Bitch."
All game I felt like my character was a psychopath.  Like, if I stopped paying attention to my character for one second she'd go on a mass murder spree.  Next thing I know Kukui is dead, Kau is bleeding from a stab wound on the ground, and Lillie is tied to a chair while my character dances around with a knife to the tune of "Stuck in the Middle With You."




Yes, they could have done better with the face.
Don't yank your chain too hard, buddy. You just posted a tweet someone else came up with. 

I really hate his nose, too. Everyone else has at least a bridge, or a noticeable V for a nose, or *something* but the character just has a dot. I'm really particular about noses for some reason (legit why I don't read Penny Arcade anymore, I hate how they shade noses) so this really, really bothers me.
God i hate your fucking frontpage post edits
I feel like I'm staring at the clown from It.
Literally why I put on the obscuring sunglasses. I could at least pretend my eyes were changing. Eyes of various shapes + smile = more emotions than same eyes same smile
I'd rather have it not smile. The player character smiles at the worst moments and it's fucking creepy. 
I was thinking the same thing. The only thing that was satisfying was the flute part.
It only happens in the high-poly cutscenes, but the player does emote.
I have a running theory that there was supposed to be some kind of customization option for the player's expression. Like, you could make them have constant resting bitch face, or the smile you see in-game at the moment, and maybe a handful of others.

The way this theory matches up with the constant smile is that, I reckon, GF decided to scrap the idea. Maybe it's weird that a person could hold a huge grin for eternity, so they tossed the idea in the trash, but the code for the customization options were already in the game.

As a lazy workaround, on top of removing any code that allows the player to access the customization options, they placed just one line of code in the game loop: "If expression is not smile, change to smile." This way, if, by some freak accident, the player's expression was not the default, it would always be changed back to the default. The problem with this line of code being in the game loop is that, even during cutscenes, the player's expression will be the default.

I firmly believe that the player's expression *is* supposed to change during cutscenes, but it doesn't because of something like the above theory.

In the higher-def cutscenes, the player's expression *does* change. I would think that these cutscenes are pre-rendered, and so the game loop can't do a thing to change anything, including the player's expression.
When I start a second playthrough (When Moon is compatible with bank) then I'm gonna make his eyes red and give him black clothes.
And say the rudest things I can.
(ʘ‿ʘ)
At first I thought it would be cool if you could use the 3ds camera to take a picture of your own face and have a stylized version of that pasted onto your character, but then I realized everyone would be running around with dick-pics for faces and stuff... 
I like to roll with it.

Like when someone's giving a big speech about how powerful they are I imagine my character is just thinking "Bitch I'm going to spank your whole team with one pokemon. Two if I get bored."
Yeah seriously. I wish that our face had reactions to what was happening.

You get some serious "Chara" vibes from the MC with their cold unfeeling smile and unchanging expression.
HONESTLY THE ONLY THING THAT BOTHERS ME IS HAU PUTTING HIS ARMS BEHIND HIS HEAD FOR EVERYTHING
lol I agree its like seriously even Hau the never ending ray of sunshine frowns at LEAST once!
the constant smile was the funniest thing in sun. When everyone was trying to be intimidating, and you got a poker face.
The Pokémon games have used the "silent protagonist" trick since the very beginning. That's why Red, to this day, says "...". It's so the player can decide how they feel about the story for themselves (even if they are forced to play the hero).

That said, you are totally right and at the very least they should've worked in a few more expressions on the player's face.
Along with that, when he just walks, not runs, he looks like a flailing idiot 
Agreed. There are a few facial expressions in the game files IIRC, no reason at all to have our character be a soulless husk in every cutscene.
Personally I'd rather they put more time and resources into improving the stuff you see every time you boot it up like pokemon models, attack animations, music, interface. etc. You see the cutscenes one time, and making sure the different expressions work on every single clothing/hair/skin option is a pretty rough task.
I do think they could've done a better job, but I also feel like pointing out that the character isn't literally always smiling. There are a small handful of scenes where they look apprehensive or concerned; like when the first Ultra Beast shows up.
Nothing like smiling in the face of danger! or is this a psychopath...
i liked our expression of psycho, nothing scared or surprised us... nothing!
I would have liked to see some facial animations. And more clothes aha
That's not an example, that's just some post of someone acting memey
[He's just trying to be happy](http://owlturd.com/post/148145537254/what-a-happy-dude-image-twitter-facebook)
Its even more ridiculous with yellow eyes. I had to change them because it was too disturbing.
: )
Yeah the characters only emote in the more cinematic cutscenes, kinda stupid through.

I mean, even Brendan/May's model in ORAS showed expressions at times. 
Does this look like the face of mercy to you?
On the other hand they should have put allot less work into the festival plaza, as in not make it and keep the simple Gen VI interface as it was much more user friendly then the annoyance that is the festival plaza. 
It'd be better off if they at least had a straight face or something instead of that smile
I really don't understand why it isn't the case all the time. It only seems to happen in specific cutscenes. I only remember one in-game (player saves Nebby, etc) and one in the trailer (player meets UB-01). I think I'd prefer if it was either or, the inconsistency just seems lazy.
I want Olivia's outfit. 
They don't know me.
>Wow another front page for me in 2 days. Thanks everyone!!!

>**Wow, literally the most talked about/highest liked post on the front page atm. I'd like to thank the Academy...!**

Why do you people always feel the need to ruin posts with this stupid edit?
Personally, instead of the face thing, I wish they would let us dress in full on costumes. 

I'd love to walk around in full on samurai armor. All these kooky trainers and their costumes you run into. Why cant I be one too? 

"You're battling SAMURAI ETSURAH!!!"
What if our player character is actually a Nihilego spy? 
Yeah I found it really bothersome how the main character keeps that damn smile all the time. Especially because in ORAS the main character was fairly expressive. Not a lot, but where it mattered, like when facing off against Maxie or Archie. Yet in this game even after some crazy stuff happens to the main villain, the camera zooms in on the main character still smiling. It's one of my bigger gripes with Sun and moon. 
They tried to do "blank slate" and ended up with "serial killer" instead. Oh well. If Link can have some facial, then it's ok for the pokemon MC too imo.

In XY / ORAS they at least nodded their head or something every now and then as far as I remember.
I wore sunglasses the whole game, so my characters had an absolute "no fucks given" attitude the whole game.

Its almost like any adversity was met with a "Thats real fuckin' neato".
While the post leaves a lot for discussion, the provided "example" and edits are absolutely cancerous.
Felt this way about the last couple of games.  It happens this game but it is better.

I'm only halfway through, but... 

* MIDGAME SPOILERS *

At the Ather Island when you see the first Ultra Beast, it does cut to your character with a different expression on his face.  
Right? He/she has the eyes of a serial killer.
I dunno. I thought this during the demo but during the game I definitely didn't see this at all. I was keeping an eye out for it too because I thought it was so silly when the Hakamo-o charged at the PC and he was just smiling. There was definitely enough expression in my PC's Dave during the real game for me to find it believable 
It's so bizarre and jarring that I'm almost convinced at this point that our character's flat affect is totally intentional.
It wouldn't have really taken much effort at all, so I'm going to assume it's entirely intentional that the player character is mostly static.
Yeah after a while zooming into that unblinking constantly smiling face got super creepy.
Yeah. Honestly it kind of breaks the tension when they pan by all the character's faces and ours is just starting blankly into space
You mean how our character always looks soulless XD
Oh yeah. I've gotten a few great laughs looking at my character's never changing face when something cool, dangerous, etc happens.
dude... nothing is more scary than being faced with danger and smiling like a psychopath xD

They had to skip working on those to make up for programming the girl who bends over.
They could have, but at least it changes for the actual animated cutscenes.
Honestly, derp face is my only reasonable criticism of this game. But its pretty disturbing.
I just imagine it as this smirk of "Really? You're going to fight me? Do you not realize that I'm undefeated and many levels higher than your pokemon?"
I don't think it's as bad as Lilie's
Glasses help so much with this. 
I love it. Makes me laugh every time the game cuts to it and the mood doesn't match his stupid face 
I think its because you're supposed to project your own reactions onto the characters. Still creepy.
Totally. It worked in those early scenes where it's just you and the other kids palling around, but the lack of animation during those tense moments made them suffer overall. If Lillie looks shocked, so should I. 
It's especially weird since the protagonist face does actually change during some scenes. Why didn't they do it for all the scenes during which it's just inappropriate to have your character innocently smile ?
what, you don't  like his single wide eyed serial killer smile for every facial expression? 
I just chalked it up to my character being dead inside. Lol
I feel this way in a lot of games... Mostly because of my own creations though. Make a new Fallout character, go all the way through the opening and get out into the wasteland... "HE'S HIDIOUS!" *delete, start over* 

I oddly enough don't feel this way in PokéMon... Haven't for the last few games that they've had animated faces. I guess it's because I'm not in charge of making him that I don't fall into the stereotypical RPG trap lol. 
Title sounds like something from r/outside
Oh good, I already wanted to ask if thats a bug that my character stands around in cut scenes in neutral stance (with the arms slightly spread) like some animation failed
I just wish I didn't smile like a psychopath all the time.
I just reached the 4th island and the only time I've seen his face change was the cutscenes where the first ultra beast appeared. Beyond that it's just been :)
What's worse is there is ONE SCENE when your player sort of has a different mouth because they're surprised or sad. I think it might be when you find out Lillie is leaving. But I was like, "So... I have emotions once in the whole game?"
ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?!
:)
I hate the face too
There are a few instances where the player character changes expressions, but it is a bit inconsistent.
Lmao, true.
I love how non expressive the character is. I feel like it represents me in public perfectly. Especially the never appearing to talk bit.
Well at least in the legendary cut scene they looked surprised/somewhat scared, that's something. I was happy because I finally showed some emotion in game 
I posted about this. I do agree, it's kind of insane how there's no emotion 
Always smile in the face of danger is what I always say
(⌐■‿■)
Does it look like the face of mercy?
I like his emotionless face. 

He's an unwavering stoic in the face of chaos! 

Other a psychopathic rival that revels in the danger! 

Not sure which, I'm going with number two. It works with my ghost and vicious monster team. 
Jesus Christ yes. With all the shit that went down in the store you'd think he'd stop looking like a derp. 
:)
I really don't like the Sun/Moon protag's look in general. Pretty big bummer. They just lack so much personality, and I don't think it's all the fault of customization because XY was better in that regard. 
I said the exact same thing yesterday! It's hella creepy that serial killer stare. 
I kept thinking this throughout the game too. It takes away from the moment very slightly when you are just sitting there smiling like a freak the entire time. 
NOT THIS AGAIN ! I FEEL LIKE THIS HAS BEEN TALKED ABOUT ENOUGH!! *smiles while saying just that*
There's a few scenes where the players expression changes, but they didn't do it enough.
The male MC has some major derpface going on
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/twitchplayspokemon] [I think this is worth discussing here... \[X-Post \/r\/Pokemon\]](https://np.reddit.com/r/twitchplayspokemon/comments/5f8zhi/i_think_this_is_worth_discussing_here_xpost/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
It's fine.  Everything is fine.  But in all seriousness with all the details they put elsewhere the fact that our character pretty much smiles for everything really bugged me.  That and the lack of beanies.  Woulda been nice to at least get the full team skull outfit or the aether outfit for that matter xD. 
I happen to enjoy the sadistic smile on my face when I tell snorlax to use pulverizing pancake!
I was just thinking that today when I was playing. It's hilarious actually!
I believe your character will emote during the more animated sequences. I remember mine being shocked once.
Yes, omg, I literally thought this within the first hour or two! It sucks how much emotion everyone else has, and then there is you with not even eyebrow movement !
Delete your edits. You just posted someone else's material.

Edit: Much better. Cheers
:)
I'd just like to see a high res eyes.
Is this the first Pokemon game where the protagonist is constantly smiling? Even Red, Gold, Brendan, Lucas, and Hilbert while depicted smiling in their official artwork, all sport frowns or determined faces in sprite form, which is much more fitting. These new characters that we play as not only have soulless smiles in their art, but *also* on their overworld and battle models. What is up with that? Why would they do this? 
I also really want to change the eye shape >_>
I bought glasses and they don't have the part that goes on the ears, how do they stay in place 
I believe it is completely deliberate - the player is supposed to be "you", so they keep on a neutral-happy expression as your proxy while your real life face contorts in horror as everyone threatens to murder you.
I'd just like a main Pokemon game with modern graphics.
Undertale impact
Easy thing, just let us change how the face is with the d-pad. Happy, Sad, Surprised and Angry.

The real reason I think the MC's face doesn't change much, is they wanted us to imagine that what we feel is what the MC would be feeling.
Because the main character is Kantonian.
Oh yeah. That is so true. Wish we had more expressions... (maybe one day we can choose the expression to put on)
I actually think it's made on purpose. The game seems to be awfully self-aware for a lot of things and this is the first time we have a pokémon game that is slightly sarcastic/cynical in a lot of aspects.
I swear to god I saw the player character have a face of shock on his face the moment the first ultra-portal opened. Ever since then, yeah, it has been all smiles.
I'm convinced the player character is a god damn sociopath. Like how fucking creepy is it that you get into other peoples bed and smell it?

I did exactly that after Lillie woke up, went straight to her bed with someone in the room. STONE COLD PSYCHO!
The protagonist is a sadistic little boy/girl. He enjoys watching destruction and watching everyone suffer.
They do have other expressions at times. In the spoiler place, with the spoiler person who gets spoilered by the spoilers, they have a properly disturbed expression. And I'm pretty sure they look a little nervous during the grass trial.

Overall, I think they're meant to be very cool and calm and collected and yes, a little smug. Maybe even arrogant, if your team can't back up your attitude. Whether that's just a facade or not is up to you. Personally, when I play a game, I tend to try to actually, like, lose myself in the character - and I find that's easiest when I'm making the character up entirely on my own, based on the slight cues I get from the game. So I played my character as a very dryly sarcastic and emotionally cold young woman, who was just kind of playing along with local customs at first, before actually getting into it and enjoying herself, especially as she discovers her natural skill as a trainer.

So this whole thing never really bothered me much.
He is always just blatantly unemotional, I wish they actually put emotion into our character's face too. Saying goodbye to Lillie? No emotion whatsoever! Sitting on the Champion's throne? They just stare awkwardly! Doing the Z-Move? One staring, smiling face with no emotion! It's almost disturbing in a way...
What you mean you don't want to just smile inanely every second? You mean you want to have like expression? You want to appear as a human and not some sort of malfunctioning attempt by an advanced pokemon?? 

:) 
:)
It started annoying me so much I've taken to wearing aviator shades so now I don't have to look at my character's dead and soulless eyes in every cutscene.
You have the smuggest player out of every generation
id rather they actually did something cool with the day/night cycle. I find "Mr. Chuuster" sunbathing by the pool in the middle of the night? its just weird that the NPCs dont change
I don't understand. My character had a shocked expression when the first ultra beast showed up. 
This and lack of post game leveling options are my only real gripes with the game. That dam face never changes lol.
More realistic emotion would have been nice overall.  That and more clothing options for guys.
I cant tell if I'm a male or female.  
Lusamine: "I'm going to summon all the Ultra Beasts!"
You: *smiles*

But yeah I really wish they put more effort into it. Your character's face only emotes. a few times throughout the game to match the intensity of the moment. Otherwise it's just all generic smiles :-)
I think I might have read this here before but he's totally that way because we're possessing his body. How else can an 11 year old who just started his journey claim in Festival Plaza that they've been playing pokemon for 20 years :^)
I think the game is very self aware of this. And i would never change it. 
YES
Nah. I'd have rather them spend more time with ability to not wear that ridiculous safety get up on Tauros and company.

I hate seeing my character looking like a loser.
Lmao was just going through a scene before the 4th island and thought this exact same thing. ANY different expression would've added immensely to it.
I just chalked it up to my guy being under the influence of Salazzles mind control pheromones. She's secretly calling the shots while he's just too zonked out of his mind to give a shit about anything.
Maybe within the next 20 years, GF loves using outdated tech and features and when the fans buy average like hotcakes, there's literally no reason to improve.
This is very true. Like when we're facing team skull or the admin/boss, they could have atleast made us look slightly angry or annoyed. I also don't like the battle music when battling your rival hau. the music sounds playful and nice, but a rival battle shouldn't be in my opinion. Honestly, they should have made the music more serious sounding, it would be cooler. The best battle theme till this day is when you're battling against red in hgss....
Realize you're playing a game that is first and foremost a children's game.
:)
8-)
I can hear the apologetics now:

"But you're supposed to pretend!"
I completely agree. Like something seriously sad or outraging happens and you just sit there and smile... WAIT A MINUTE!!!! OFFICIAL MEMESHOT THEORY INCOMING!!! Maybe your character and your mother are secretly the REAL bad guys in sun and moon, and you two are pulling the strings behind the scenes. So as the unspecified "bad guy's" plans come together it actually makes your character happy as this was their plan the whole time!
Or it was just a little bit of lazy programming, I dunno.
Could you explain more and clarify?

You can get 150 bottle caps with this trick??
Treasure Hunt is a lottery attraction.  You aren't guaranteed to get Bottle Caps from it.
I think Rotomdex even suggests we buy some Malasadas for him. Poor Hau...underneath that perpetual smile, I suspect we may have shattered his confidence. 
You do get to give him something- the life lesson of defeat, every time he brings out his starter that you have a type advantage over. 
There is something you can give him.

A big fat L every time you battle ayyy
My character is the girl so I don't feel the Lilie-crush as much as people who play the guy character. I am rather fond of Hau. I think I have a crush on him :/

Edit: I hypothesized here why I prefer him over Lilie https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5f9d5l/comment/daiolh1
Give him an ass-whooping. 
I find it hilarious how you both get rewarded for a story mission in which you get the TM for psychic and Hau receives a malasada like they are in any way equivalent
I wanted to give Hau stuff, and there was one point where I wanted to give Lillie a Pokemon when she changes her mentality. 
I hated him at first. I found him incredibly annoying. But now I'm just getting back from route three and he keeps giving me stuff so I can't dislike him as much as I did at first.
I was pleasantly surprised when Hau actually beat me in one encounter and *the game had let it happen* instead of me having to do a rematch. I thought that was pretty awesome actually. 
Just give him what I give him every chance I get:

A savage beat down.
I wanted to heal his Riachu in battle but it didn't give me the option. It was heartbreaking to see it get KO'd when I had a bag full of super potions. 
Don't worry. His kindness is all just a front for when he suddenly turns around and fires his Primarina's Z-Move straight at your Pokemon.
You give him the most valuable gift of all - friendship. 

(Ok it sounds corny, but do you think anyone else at all would hang out with him?) 
Hau betrayed me.
During our final double battle with Team Skull: after his Raichu fainted, he sent out his Primarina. Suddenly it's Z move animation began. I was like "awe shit! Here it comes! Get 'em, Hau!" When suddenly the damage was delt to my Decidueye! 
I was thinking maybe he was trying to heal my Pokémon, but the AI forced a Z move, but he continued to attack my Pokémon! The fight turned into 3 against 1... my only thought the whole remainder of the battle was "Et tu, Hau?"
Hau is the bro-est rival ever and his enthusiasm doesn't get cheesy or annoying but seems very genuine and authentic.
There's alot of things I'd give Hau.

Not all of them are PG.
I gave him the chance to become champion of Alola. Not my fault he couldn't capitalize on it.
You can. You give him a big, fat, juicy loss every time you face him :)
Hau is the biggest bro
You gave him those L's.
A small part of me wanted to toss out the stuff he gave me just to spite him.
I know how you feel, I love Hau and I've loved him since his character was introduced, I may be a bit of a fangirl >_>;

One of the battles, I think the first with his raichu, he ALMOST took me down. A\and it felt good that he was competent (or maybe I was underleveled?)
I played most of the sp game without headphones, but when you beat him at the Pokemon league, his theme seemed to change. Notes got flat, the key changed, etc. It sounded almost sinister. Did they use that alternative  theme in other parts of the game?
I'm 6 crystals deep in the game, and I find Hau incredibly annoying, to the point where it's become funny to me. As a competitive player, his "it's a win as long as you have fun" attitude really grates on me, and he just seems to be such a doofus. And it feels harder to respect him since he chose the starter that was naturally weak against the one I chose.

It's also hilarious that they handed him some malasadas and then gave me a TM for Psychic. Bit of an imbalance there, eh?
The title definitely reminds me of this:

https://xkcd.com/927/
Isn't this way too convoluted?

Just get a pokemon who's only move is Recycle (via move deleter) and let it transform, then give it a Leppa Berry via another pokemon.

Then one-shot the reinforcements, switch to a false swiper after 40 reinforcements.

The Leppa-Recycle exploit is literally the only significant difference between chaining Dittos and any other pokemon.
Sorry Im kind of a noob. (havent played pokemon since Gen 4) But how do you know that the Ditto has good IVs when you encounter it?
Don't most dittos have limber, making it impossible to paralyze them?
Around where have you been seeing shinies? I'm on my first chain ~200 dittos right now and haven't seen any shinies :(
Also great guide, I'll probably try this out over what I have currently (just a recycle munchlax and switcheroo hypno)
Noob Questions Incoming:

1. How do I know that the wild Ditto has perfect IVs? Is there is a way to tell in-battle?

2. What is the purpose of a perfect IV Ditto for breeding?

3. Does a shiny Ditto increase the chances of good or perfect IVs?

Thank you (:
How do you Synchronize?
How can you tell when the dittos have good ivs before catching them?
Harvest Exeggutor with Leppa Berry works better in my opinion. You don't have to waste a turn to use recycle to recover the Leppa Berry and you can spam Dragon Hammer which Klefki is also immune to :)
This is unnecessarily complex. Recycle Munchlax and Switcheroo Hypno works fine, and you don't need to involve a Klefki. As long as you're actually paying attention to the game when you're chaining, you're not going to kill the original Ditto. 
How many turns does it take you for a ditto to call another? Just curious cus when I tried sos it took far too many turns to be effecient.
[deleted]
Does having a shiny ditto help with breeding shiny Pokémon or?
I thought you couldn't catch a pokemon if there were more than one on the field??
can you go above 4IV
My favorite ditto transform pokemon is magicarp.  PPUP on some non-attack moves is amusing.
I understand this is way more efficient but for someone like me who has no problem as I just switch in all normal attacker, have Decidueye and chain from there? Yeah I understand they will die if they struggle but do I HAVE to chain from that one ditto? 
so what is the point of rock polish?

is there really a point in outspeeding when ditto 1 can only recycle (it probably has prankster anyway) and ditto 2 cant transform due to substitute
I have no idea where to.post this but I just caught solgaleo (for the 8th time in a Luxury ball trying to get an adamant) ... he's actually really easy for me to catch with my setup being the ash  greninja lvl 61 and 1 or 2 x defense, one or 2 night slash and either water shuriken or extrasensory to weaken and a potion to full health just before tossing whatever for an easy catch I've caught him 14 times total usually after 1 try 3 tries max and 3 times by mistake in a pokeball.

Anyways I get a neutral bashful nature one but it has 30 IV in attack 30 in Defense 30 in speed and 30 in sp.def with 17 In spec.attk and 4 In HP  should I just keep this or keep going?
I love you. Have my babies. I will soon have many of them with good IVs.
Set this up and I'm currently trying it out. Loving it so far, it is a little bit of setup but totally worth it. Thanks!
I haven't played since Gold/Silver and am entirely new to breeding...

How do I get a level 1 Klefki with Recycle? He doesn't learn it until 40 and it doesn't seem to be an egg move (isn't that required for the move to be passed down?)
This is more complicated than it should be...
I've never done chaining like this before. After around 40 times or so, do we catch the SOS Ditto or the original Ditto? 
Is a Shiny ditto any good? (aside of being shiny itself) Like having a higher chance of getting a shiny when i use it in breeding? I've read multiple things about that but afaik it only does in Gen2.
For future reference.  
What's your justification that this variation of the Leppa-Recycle ditto chain is the "best" variation? The only difference is that you can't accidentally KO the first ditto, you can actually chain forever, you use 4 Pokemon instead of the usual 3, and you can't check (or made it very hard to check) for HA Ditto. You still suffer from the problem of ending the chain. If you want your ditto in a specific, pretty yet ineffective Pokeball, it's annoying to continually try catch the ditto you chained before you're forced to kill it and continue chaining, since you won't want to wait too long else it'll run out of PP and kill itself to struggle
I got lucky and managed to get a six IV perfect shiny japanese ditto off wonder trade so this tip won't do much for me, but it's what I'd be doing if I didn't have that for sure
Perfect dittos you say? Haha.
This seems pretty convoluted but a good guide nonetheless. But I'll just wait until January and trade over my 5IV dittos from X/Y, thanks. lol.
This thing's dumb stupid broken. I'd fear for my life if it was on all the time. 
I really want that. I saw a friend with a zydog doing that transformation thing and it was glorious lol
Minor spoiler.

No, you find his very ordinary family post game.
No, Guzma's father and mother are both located in a house on Route 2, you can even find Guzma visiting them post-game.
thats makes a lot of sense
The big flaw with this is that your character literally just moved from Kanto to Alola. It wouldn't make much sense to move back.
This would be a satisfying way to return to Kanto. I could see it being done as a sequel game, too, but only if it has free travel between the regions.
Yes. Hell, make it an expansion like Super Luigi U was on the Wii U. I'd pay an extra $40 just for that.
Please.... ;_;
i think dlc for pokemon games are not suitable. dlc for small stuff is okay such as more character customization, but pls not somethin gsimilar to expansion packs.
Add kanto gyms to those Vacant spots and we have a good DLC. 
We need a new game more than DLC.

Having a FR/LG sequel would make more sense. Also burn the Rotodex
No sos doesn't work with island scan pokemon
Unfortunately it's not.
5x vs UB

0.1x otherwise
A Beast Ball when used on UBs is essentially a first turn Quick Ball, only it's catch rate doesn't diminish over turns.

Against Pokémon it's 10x weaker than a regular Pokéball
I like it. It reminds me of my mom's old school kitchen theme before she modernized. Looks awesome as a tattoo. Less so as a kitchen. 
i felt intimidated
AMAZING, Arcanine has always been my Favorite pokemon since i was a kid, nice interpretation.



Awesome tat! I got the art from the Pokémon card Blane's Arcanine on my calf. Always glad to see more arcanine ink. Enjoy it! 
My favorite Pokémon. I'm getting one done soon or maybe a arcanine and a growlithe 
If that's supposed to be an arcanine it doesn't really look like it imo
Congrats on your first ink! It looks awesome!!
That is an Arcanine right? I couldn't tell until I stared really hard haha
That was a bad idea.
Honestly why do people do this, instead of paying the extra 50-100$ for a good tattoo they get these cheap ones or ones that have the artist "creative" additions. You have to live with it not them.
I had similar thoughts, it bothered me that they came up with the idea of RotomDex but Rotom wasn't in the Alola Dex and that Rotom Dex form wasn't usable, I liked to think Rotom Dex form would be a Steel type due to it being more robotic and such.
Or, logically let it be a new form for Rotom with something like the Psychic type.
God, the music in this gen is amazing! Some of my favorites are Malie City (night especially), the Legendary Battle music, Guzma's theme, Seafolk Village (mainly night), and the Kahuna theme, but I still like almost every other theme.
All thanks to Team Skull. Whenever they appear I let the music go on just to finish their intro. 
X and Y too. They sound so insanely good when not heard over 3ds speakers too, they are more detailed than those things can handle. 
I may be in love with the Kahuna theme.  The upbeat-ness really gets to me. 
Any love for Hau's battle music? It's just so upbeat and catchy.
Really happy I decided to play through moon with high quality headphones.  I'll just sit and listen to seafolk village's theme, I love it so much!
Elite four theme is the best
If you stopped playing with sound before 4th gen, damn you missed out!
Gladion's encounter/battle themes have such good melodies. Basically every battle theme this time around is fantastic...
I'm surprised nobody's mentioned [Nanu's theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dCIzHJhP8PY) yet.
I didn't appreciate the music until I got some nice headphones in, now I can't play the game without them the music is just so much more immersive with good headphones on.
Play with HEADPHONES. It really makes a world of difference. Not just music, but sound effects have so much detail that you miss with the 3DS speakers.
I have to agree this game has the best soundtrack even on routes I LOVE the fact you can hear the wild pokemon crying in the enviorment at random like you would in any city or natural area it helps with getting completely imursed into the game to the point of losing track of everything else
Vast Poni Canyon's theme has to be my favorite from this gen.
my favourite is

1. the very dark ruins theme, which appears in the kahuna and tapu battle themes  
2. lillies theme (easy to miss but beautiful), gladion's theme (DO do duuuuu, DO doo duuuu, DO do DUUUUUUUUU, DO du *duuuuu*)  
3. lusamines themes and the aether music in general

oh also when i first heard the legendary battle theme i was skeptical but then i heard the solgaleo/lunala theme play at their temple, and also the damn thing is a mechanized god nebby, so it all makes sense now

i dont like the elite 4 theme much though. it's epic and dark and all, but it seems... muffled. so much going on that you cant actually hear it anymore.
Oh yes, definitely. I would say this Gen will have Black and White scrambling for it's title as best music (at least in my opinion). I quite enjoyed all of the music in at least the main story (barely just started post game, so let's see how that is)
Sun and Moon definitely have my favorite soundtrack of all the Pokemon games, there's not a single track I dislike. 
I really like the music in Konikoni city. The Totem battle music. I thought all of the music was really good, in fact

Edit: the music being diff day and night in some places was also nice
I L.O.V.E. the Tapu music. It's so fitting and catchy and just dramatic enough.
I've been jamming out to Team Skulls music since I first heard Ya Boi Guzma's theme. Shit is tight yo 
It's all about that "Uh Uh Team Skull... Something, something, something, something, something, Yeaahhhhh..." 
For me, it's the Elite Four and Aether Foundation pieces.  
I love the BGMs in Tapu Village (gorgeous piano!), champion battle, and the Tapu Koko fight (so much hype). Overall the music has been really great.
My favorites are:

Iki Town (Night)

Royal Avenue

Guzma Encounter

Guzma Battle

Lusamine Battle 2

Elite Four Battle 

Guardian Deity Battle 

Legendary Battle 

Credits
Yep big fan of the Aether Foundation music!
because go ichinose's back, basically
Definitely, so many great tracks. I constantly find myself listening to the Tapus theme
The Kahuna battle theme is my favourite, I keep it on for my Battle Tree excursions
Guzma's theme is probably my favorite, it reminds me of the old Legend of Dragoon boss themes (a stretch I know, nostalgia works in weird ways).
Lusamine's theme is beautiful.So Peaceful sounding it makes you forget how crazy she is during the game.

It's also fairly melancholic, which probably fits how she must feel when she realizes all the shit she did.

PS: YOUR BOY GUZMA MIXTAPE IS LITTEN AF 
I could listen to the Ultra Beast theme on loop for hours.
Anyone know the name of the piano song played after the encounter with lunala?
Lusamine's final battle theme is epic, but honestly, everything feels kind of epic. Ultra Beast mission music, Pokemon League, all of Poni Island, everything just sounds so full of life it's great.
Poni island has the best music imo

Poni canyon is amazing
I am obsessed with the Seafolk Village (night) theme.

It's just so beautiful and calming. I stopped in the middle of playing to just stand there and listen to it.
I could listen to the Malasada Shop music all day.
I'm glad at least other people like it. Other than Malie city and that song that plays when you fight the kahunas, I found the music pretty forgettable.
Konikoni city's day music is all I need in my life.
Yeah I love the music in SuMo.
"Plumeria's Message" is my favorite: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ede3rL1ZyoA

I get Titanic vibes from it.
Welcome to the Alola Region! is fucking amazing.
I like some of the themes, especially Hau'oli City and the Team Skull area on ula ula island. It still doesn't come close to the gen 4 soundtrack though
I absolutelyvlove the score in this game. It feels totally different from the previous ones and I love how chill it is. I keep falling asleep to it though, it's just too pleasant for the ears
Gladion's Theme was so good, had a crazy bassline.
Gen 5 had a really good OST IMO. Route 10, credits theme from BW1, N's Castle, Gym Battle theme, etc. 

Music in Pokémon games has always been good really.
i love the boutique music <3
To me, the very best music is the [Poni Wilds and Exeggutor Island music.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwilrpsmQTI)
Videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r5f91tf?feature=playlist)

VIDEO|COMMENT
-|-
[Pokemon Sun & Moon - Officer Nanu's Theme Music (HQ)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dCIzHJhP8PY)|[4](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5f91tf/_/daiq6cs?context=10#daiq6cs) - I'm surprised nobody's mentioned Nanu's theme yet.
[Pokemon Sun & Moon - Plumeria's Message Music (HQ)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ede3rL1ZyoA)|[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5f91tf/_/daitxfq?context=10#daitxfq) - "Plumeria's Message" is my favorite:I get Titanic vibes from it.
[Pokemon Sun & Moon - Poni Wilds Music (HQ)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwilrpsmQTI)|[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5f91tf/_/daixqio?context=10#daixqio) - To me, the very best music is the Poni Wilds and Exeggutor Island music.
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch. I'll keep this updated as long as I can.
***
[Play All](http://subtletv.com/_r5f91tf?feature=playlist&ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | Get me on [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf) / [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mentioned-videos-for-reddit)
my personal favorite from this gen is ultra beast battle theme! always has a goosebumps when that electronic part start. 
The theme when you ride on water brings me so much joy 
As someone who has played since Red and hated the XY soundtrack, Sun and Moon really impressed me in the music department. The battle tracks especially are among the best in the series.
Personal favorite is the Kahuna theme, which would have been a much better Elite 4 theme than the goofy nightmare-fuel song we got.

I'll explain why. X and Y's music was good, but particularly its Champion theme fit the tone of the scene perfectly. It's saying, "It's the home stretch! Stay strong!" And the Kahuna theme conveys that as well.

The Guardian Deities, Ultra Beasts, and Guzma battle themes are also really well suited to the tones of their battles. To me, Solgaleo/Lunala's theme just sounded kinda boring.

Edit: Aether Foundation battles sound so Team Galactic-like. Lusamine 1 sounds like a champion, and Lusamine 2 is just... wow, how'd I miss that?
It had a lot to live up to, this soundtrack, after the perfection that was generation 6. It is really good, although pretty much ditching encounter themes is a bit disappointing.
I definitely loved pretty much all the music in the game, but Po Town had to be my favorite, I'd go into reasons, but I'm not sure what the policy on spoilers are, and I don't know how to set spoilers blocking things in my comment.
I had the hardest time whether I should choose Lusamine ver 1 or 2 as my theme for battles. Eventually stuck with 1 because the vocals are spookier :3
The music of the game is good but not amazing but good so I am neutral with the music of the game, my favorite music is the battle against the totem and my least favorite is the legendary because it feels a bit repetitive but it is my opinion.
I just wish there was more than 1 route song per island.
Poni Canyon music was my favorite

I'm a big fan of all the ambient tracks, but the battle themes have been extremely underwhelming. It would have been nice if GameFreak took some classic tracks and remixed them with with Hawaiian-themed instruments and such.
Ya boi Guzma, Lusamine and Title Defender themes make it for me. But oh yeah, the music in S/M was just wonderful.

You know I was disappointed at first. A lot of the music was upbeat and jolly, which I don't enjoy much. The Team Skull battle was the only one I really liked. Until Guzma. Then Aether Employees. The frigging Lusamine. Oh my god, both of her songs are so good. It felt more like Final Fantasy at times. The Elite 4 and Red/Blue music is awesome too. And the guardians. Ugh, so many good ones in the end. 
The Aether Foundation Music is some of the best from the whole series IMO. It really captures the confusion the main character must feel while fighting members of an organization they thought protected pokemon.
Yeah this game has good music, but it is by no means an exception. Go to Kanto, Hoenn, Sinnoh or Unova and almost any song is absolutely fantastic. Kalos and Alola are the regions where most songs I here don't totally strike me. Especially the ones I like in SuMo, they still feel off or uninspired compared to the greatest Pokemon soundtrack of R+B
Posting here to just to show Ten Carat Hill's music some love. That song is unbelievably chill.
Can't really disagree with this except for two pieces from ORAS. (Wally's and Zinnia's last battle themes) Still tops for me.
Does it sound any better in citra with good headphones in? I have Sennheiser 598s that are too much of a hassle to use with a 3DS so I use Braninwavz M1 earbuds instead.
SM is definitely one of the best soundtracks for a Pokemon game. I'm really tempted to hunt down the soundtrack and so far I've only done that for XY.

The credits and the champion fight are my top two picks. Now I can't wait for Symphonic Evolutions to update to include SM music. They did stunning work with Kalos's France theme, I need to hear some live Hawaiian style Alola music.
My favorite was probably the Champion/ Champion Title Defense theme. When I first heard this theme. I... Actually cried. Tears of joy. I was hearing nostalgia. Seeing memories of a franchise that has stuck with me since I was just a small boy and now.. To see it _all come together_ is... It's beautiful. Thank You Game Freak! We love you!!!
i LOVED the meadows music 
YES! I have said the same so many times. specifically the elite 4 music and the music from all the clothing stores 
Reminds me of the music from Ni No Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch
The Solgaleo/Lunala battle theme may be my new favorite legendary battle theme. 
I don't see what all the fuss is about. In my opinion, it's the worst in terms of music by a far, far margin. Guzma's Theme is literally just "uh" with some wubs. The Elite Four Theme has terrible audio quality, even when it is directly ripped from the files; I thought the X/Y Elite Four theme was bad for basically being a background track with no foreground melody, but the Sun/Moon E4 theme might as well just be white noise with how muddy it sounds. They used the same melody for 3 different areas: Iki Town, Route 1, and Hau'oli City. Man did they butcher Blue's Champion theme. Solagaleo/Lunala's Theme is great...for about 20 seconds, and then it shits on itself. There are so many more that I'm flat out disappointed with. Minus a couple I actually like, like the night versions for: Iki Town, Malie City, and Seafolk Village, I think this soundtrack completely blows.
I just, wanna say, you don,t know how, commas, wo,rk
It's good, but I feel some older generations did better.

Also, blame Team Skull's themes for dragging this gen down in terms of music quality
While most around here would prefer to see Gen 4 remakes, I for one (a day one player of Pokemon RBY) would prefer to play through what you have mentioned. A re-imagined Kanto with a different story would be amazing. Fingers crossed this is what we see.
This would be the only way I'd be in for another trip to Kanto tbh. I need muh Lillieee
If they do kanto again, it better be the best game ever released in a Nintendo console since they jusy released gen I on the 3DS.

Like I'm talking no annoying features, great story, 10/10 rating sort of game. Otherwise I'd be really upset they wasted a whole another main series game on kanto after all this pandering to it
The problem with this argument is that all the Kanto references are probably just because it's the 20th anniversary. That is the official reason for the Alola forms. They want you to remember the first gen because that's what started it all.
Are you trying to just catch one or are you trying to SOS battle them?

Because they can't call for help.

EDIT: Also the Poliwrath line has the Damp ability and that stops moves like Self-destruct.
Damp ability pokemon are your friend.  Poliwag and Hidden Ability Paras both get it.  No more exposions trying to catch Minior or Geodude.
DUDE SAME!!! I JUST WANT A LIGHT BLUE MINIOR!!!
Get yourself a damp Parasect. It can learn false swipe and negates self destruct.
quick balls on first move
it's worked like 10/13 times for me
I'd say Quick balls or just catch it before Shields Down activates. I've never had one self destruct until its armor is gone. 
Yes, but beware, if it's above a certain level it might not obey you. If you check through your trainer passport you'll notice a stamp for each kahuna you beat. With each stamp a the level of traded Pokemon that obey you will increase.
~~https://a.pomf.cat/nlfulf.png~~  

https://a.pomf.cat/tnqlsx.png
Best one I can make at work. if you still need one later tonight drop a comment or pm and I'll try again from home later
Here is a snap I took with a 4k phone camera because I adored this picture so much. I don't have a capture device, though it seems more crisp and brighter than the images you provided, hopefully its a little better.

http://imgur.com/iD8LZg1
http://i.imgur.com/viqK1kS.jpg

Here you go.
I can try upscaling it for you if you send me the print screen.
I could try using NTR Viewer to record the ending scene. But I already beat the game once so I guess I won't be able to see the credit scene again.
Probably because you are breeding two growlithe with Flash fire or with ditto, this is will make the second ability chance lower.

Just keep breeding until you get the second one. 
if i recall correctly (im running off memory here so please forgive if im wrong.)

the ability is dependent on the female pokemon. so if your Growlith is male then the ability is randomized as ditto is being used. 
Well if you want to breed a sun you first need to blow one up and then compress the remains. For a moon you generally need to be in the process of making a planet, typically the excess material from the planet can be compressed into a moon. Neither are very easy to do so you might as well give up while you are ahead - oh and neither the sun nor the moon are the same type of celestial body so you can't really breed them together. That and they are both genderless.

Sorry, that mess came to me when looking at just the title. For your actual question you can still get Intimidate but the chances will be lower if you breed a female Growlithe with Flame Body it will pass Flame Body 80% of the time and Intimidate 20%. If you use a male with a Ditto the chances for Intimidate will be higher.
Until Black 2 and White 2, I never used any other Pokemon besides my starter. I had essentially soloed every game from gen I to V with my starter, only using the rest of my party Pokemon as shields while I chuck a revive on my starter.

The thing is, the rest of my party was always made up of Pokemon I wanted on my main team, *and* I always gave them my Exp. Share to level them and evolve them, but I never actually used them properly in battle, so they were always like 20 levels below my starter, and my starter was always overlevelled compared to any trainers I battled.

Strangely enough, I think I found that playstyle to be easier than utilizing and evenly training a whole team, even though the latter allows you to cover type strengths and weaknesses a hell of a lot more effectively.

It'd never work in competitive play or things like the Battle Tower, though, since it strongly relies on the use of revives.
I love this idea thread! And OP, you certainly aren't alone in the DP library dialogue skipping. Had to google a walkthrough so I knew what I had to do. My first playthrough of a pokemon game (FRLG) was a huge comedy of errors. Let's see how much I can actually remember doing wrong...

1. I got so lost in viridian forest that my squirtle evolved and reached level 21.

1a I was younger, around 3rd grade, so my reading skills weren't the best, so I didn't know how to catch a pokemon until I beat Brock and discovered it on accident. 

1b. Also got lost in Mt. Moon that same save file, but not as bad

1c. You should've seen the look on my face when my game screen flashed as a result of my pokemon taking poison damage outside of battle. I thought my cartridge was broken

1d. I once got so happy that I caught an absurdly high level wild tentacruel that I instinctively switched off my gameboy advance in celebration. Of course without saving

1e. After I somehow ended up beating the game, I used a masterball on a seaking behind the fisherman's house in cerulean city because I thought it was an extremely rare pokemon. My moment of triumph was quickly erased when I found out legendary pokemon existed (also on accident)

Quite the adventure it was... probably why FRLG are still one of my fav title to go back to, lol


Just one: Back in the emerald days i abused the duplication glitch to make my ultimate team. I duplicated a lot of rare candies, PP max, Stat boosters, and TM's. I wanted to get at least all the silver symbols of the Battle Frontier (I succeded) but at what cost.... 
When I was but a wee lad playing through Emerald with a grotesquely over-leveled Blaziken, I got so aggravated at my inability to catch a Machop that I used my Master Ball on it...then promptly dumped its ass in the PC and never touched it again.
I remember my friend caught a shiny Starly on Diamond. She got really worried and thought it was a glitch, I told her if she traded it to me it would get rid of the bad code. So she traded him to me. I still have the Starly and she knows what I did now. She's okay with it.
Maybe bulldoze if you're running doubles? Use it first with a Toucannon and hit your Mudsdale with Rock Blast. A +5 def and 2 -1 spd first turn
If you have the time, breed Close Combat onto it, Stamina negates the Defense drops and you were not taking any Special hits anyways.
You can run assault vest on that set to improve special defense, and replace iron defense with some other move like Superpower
Thanks for the responses, I'll be sure to use your guys' tips!
I feel like you didnt play XY when it first came out and got about 100 scatterbug that have traveled around the globe a few times.
Day one of Moon, I wonder traded a Yungoos, and got a Cubone! Then I felt like an asshole for putting up a stupid Yungoos. So later on I put up an Umbreon. And I got a Yungoos. The circle of life.

(Footnote: That Cubone is now a level 70 Alolan Marowak, and a mainstay of my team.)
You almost always get garbage back, best to expect that going in. Also it is a good idea to just release the trash mons you get in instead of putting them back into the cycle.

WT is my favorite part of the game though.
The game hasn't been out that long, there are going to be a lot of people still playing through it and hopping onto wonder trade.

When everyone's in post-game, breeding, etc is when you'll start seeing breedjects and the like. Especially after January when pokebank opens up.
http://i.imgur.com/AukwFmR.jpg

This is the summation of my experience so far.
Most people will only wonder trade shitty things. Cause more than likely they'll get something shitty in return.
Short answer, yes it has always been a gamble 
Long answer, if you think about it the main reason why it may feel different is because without Pokémon bank or power saves people cannot give out rare Pokémon as easily as before 
That reminds me, I should WT all those Staryus that I caught for their Stardust and Star Pieces.
I asked this question elsewhere earlier:  Is the WT and GTS that is still live for X/Y and ORAS the same server or whatever for Sun/Moon?
Pretty much always like that. Or you get every shiny legendary. Most Pokemon worth getting are breedjects and genned/hacked anyways. 
WT isn't a great place to trade. I have almost every entry of Rattata in different languages, even Chinese.
I say give it time. I've gotten plenty of good breedjects from the X and Y Wonder Trade that I actually finished breeding. Right now, I think people don't have anything good and are just hoping to catch good Pokes by chance.
I've been wonder trading Modest nature Popplios but all I get are Caterpies.
Actually No Its not I threw up a vulpix and got a gabite Went threw my journey and long story short I entered the Pokemon league with both box legendaries
Once the game gets rolling and pokebank is available it'll get better
Yes. 

Yesterday I WT'd 60 6 IV Dittos (hacked obviously) in hopes of making some people happy and partially because I was curious about what I'd get, and the only really worthwhile Pokémon I got was a level 1 female Litten and a level 1 female Dratini.

It isn't that hard to just breed a bunch of eggs of your starter and sending those out instead of the regular old Yungoos, but people are lazy (or just not that far into the game yet).
I keep saying Wonder Trade needs 3 filter settings... Prologue - if your still only on the 1st island and want to help the newbies out, or are a newbie yourself. (Insert other name here) - When you're up to the end of the 2nd island. Epilogue (post game) - Right after E4.

That way we can point out people sending crap at least imo. It won't stop them but we cant at least identify S-bags...
I experienced the same thing. I was wonder trading mareanie's since I had some breedjects and wanted to be nice and I literally got the same turn out-- it makes me unmotivated to even try to wonder trade tbh. :// 
Not clicking a link when you give us no context of what's behind it or what you are even asking.
It's definitely pretty efficient. I got a Cubone after a chain of about 50, although based on other people's stories I think I may have gotten lucky. There are limitations, though- you've got to rely on Synchronize for nature, which isn't guaranteed. And you won't be able to get any Egg Moves, if you care about that sort of thing (some Pokémon have an Egg Move or two that makes them incredibly more effective). Some Pokémon are difficult to chain (Geodude/Graveler/Minior all Self-Destruct, meaning you have to sacrifice your Synchronizer for a Damp Pokémon). And of course there are several Pokémon you can't chain at all, not to mention the ones that only show up on SOS calls and therefore are very unlikely to be Shiny.

With that in mind, if your main goal is "Ooh, Shiny!", then it's a pretty convenient method if you're prepared to go for it. Be sure to farm lots of Leppa Berries, as you'll be defeating more Pokémon than whatever you have out will have PP to handle.
yep, as one of the first people to spread this method to r/pokemon, this works :D
It's an 80% chance for a pokemon to pass on the same ability http://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Ability#Abilities_and_breeding (it keeps changing and has been getting higher over each recent gen)
It took me 17 tries to get from Inner Focus to Synchronize. It can happen, but just seems to be annoyingly hard
Rattatta is black. So... just Meowth then?
Vulpix/Ninetales, Sandshrew/Sandslash, Exeggcutor, and Raichu would like to have some words with you.
All alolan Forms are from Gen 1.  
Not all alolan froms are grey.  
Alolan Rattata is black not grey.  
??????
Dark type.
With the Rattata line its to reinforce their theme with Yungoos plus as nocturnal pokemon, being Black/Gray probably helps a lot. ;)
just those ones though literally every other alolan forms are not that colour
What about muk hes colorful AF
Maybe that's where they are all teleporting to?
Now that hyper training is a thing you just need some abras with synchronize and desirable natures and you can create competitive legendary Pokemon.
I was wonder trading the other day and I got something like 7 abras in a row. 
I got a 5 IV Wimpod from WT today. I started with a Dhelmise and kept trading for half an hour. After that it was all Pikipek. Fucking Pikipek.
Haha, I was throwing Abras up in the air too, but the difference is that mine were Magic Guard Abras. I wonder how many actually noticed, and were just frustrated to see Abra? 
This is a reposted question but i'll answer anyways:

People are looking for synchronize specific nature abras. So those wonder trade abras you got are breedjects.
People are really into synchronizing this gen for some reason.
Probably newbies trying to score some battle ready mons.
I made my character look like Shadow Chie from Persona 4, so the facial expression worked for me. lol
I'm actually disappointed in the clothing choices, personally.

I was very hyped when I got to KoniKoni and saw the Chinese-styled clothing store only to find out that the clothes they actually sold are pretty much the same things as everywhere else.

Unless I'm missing something I just haven't unlocked, X/Y had way better options IMO (Trenchcoat dress and a hat that is actually the color stated FTW).
Yeah I love the game but tbh the facial expression stuck on our characters face was weird and stuck out like a sore thumb most of the time. Even link portrays emotion better then that and he's just a stand in for the player too xD they could have done better on that front. I also enjoy the customization but wish there was more options. I was also sad we didn't unlock a cool clothing piece end game like xy. Also I was super sad there's no dresses at all.
The customization was border line lazy for males. Just like last gen,  Females got the better choices for clothes. I understand it's a tropical region, but cmon man - Gladion and the male ace trainer had dope outfits. Only step in the right direction we had was the ability to not wear a hat. Oh, and more than 4 hairstyles would be good. There's only like 2 good ones so everyone essentially looks the same. Really hope they fix customization next ge. You're lucky your a chick. 
What. The only problem I had was getting past hyper rank but after getting muk games became easy. I had 70bp before I knew it. Adamant, poison touch, black sludge, knock off gunk shot substitute explosion. Max atk ev atleast.

My team by order is adamant muk, adamant arcanine and adamant mimikyu.
What is overworld? 
I wouldn't hate it. I've been guesstimating how many turns I have left by looking at my moves' PP and trying to recall how many failed SOSes there have been. 
I'd personally love one of these. I tend to do my shiny hunting when I'm getting ready to sleep, and trying to keep track of the PP for any Pokemon I'm trying to chain has been more difficult this gen than any past gen.

Keeping people 100% updated though seems a bit exsessive. I'd say maybe post a link to a Google Doc that you update so people can just check the list frequently without you having to make a new post every single time it's updated to tell people it's updated.
I NEED THAT IVE HAD 4 POLIWAGS KILL THEMSEVES WITH STRUGGLE WHILE TRYING TO FIND A SHINY
Keep me updated! Would be so useful for shiny hunting.
That would be great. It was bad enough trying to catch a beldum with a pokeball, and that only know one, self-harming move but keeps chaining on top of that.
I just don't see the need for it. Kanto has already gotten a remake once. I would prefer either a Diamond and Pearl remake or a new game in general. 
Yep
You're never the only person to do anything
Kanto will get a 3D remake one day.  Gen IV is next though.  
I really want Pokemon Diamond and Peral remakes. They were my first games. 
Spoilers (maybe?) below....



Continue the Sun and Moon story line, but take it to Kanto. Follow Lillie and help her with her situation and push her to become a better pokemon trainer. Meanwhile, we take on the gyms that can be re-worked to be more up to date.

Traveling between two regions in one game would be seriously awesome. It's one of the reasons why I love Silver/Gold so much. 
I could dig one, but only if it was fresh new on Kanto, new story, new trainers, even new gyms
I want a new story in Kanto if we go back. Let the new gen pokemon be species newly introduced to the reason, let's see how Kanto is after Red!
Is it just Kommo-O that can't learn Close Combat?

But yes, that is strange considering the line is supposed to be like a Monk-dragon sort of deal.
Where to even find one? I've been searching the canyon for hours
Lightball Pikachu is absurd that early in the game.
Screenshots coming soon™
You can get multiple 'Treasure hunt' lottery in festival plaza if you didn't already know, so you can get more attempts daily?
Have you considered re breeding? If getting to lvl 100 is a problem you could do them on ORAS which has blissey secret bases.
I'm just gonna give you my upvote because I'm too lazy to read it all and you look like you worked hard ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
I feel like I'm missing something. He thought of a Rowlet and that fixed everything?
This is actually interesting, the fact you try to depict a medieval background is Amazing (Coming from a Die Hard The Elder Scrolls Saga fan) mixed with Pokémon, you use your imagination to transport us to a new place in time, indeed it is a great experience, but i think you might need some sort of scenery, then you might have created the next best Pokémon Alternate story! Who knows! My advice: keep writing make a great story and try "if possible" to make some sort of "Art" in this subreddit OC Art is always welcome ;)
I never noticed Celebi had wings before
Shiny Incineroar looks like Ronald McDonald. Think about that for a second... then enjoy your game!
If it was only a couple days sure , stop. 

Since its been a week, if you stopped now ALL that time would have been wasted! You're kinda stuck doing it forever now :/ 
GANBATTE, OP-CHAN!!!
ok
See you in a couple of months!
Good luck dude, I know I couldn't do it
It's been a week, but how many hours? 1-2 a day? More?
I'm shiny breeding for a whole bunch of beldums. Not sure if people are super happy with them or not though.

A Jangmo-o would be pretty awesome to get.
Flood it with chikoritas, totodiles and cyndaquils!
I feel pretty lucky for getting a female Salandit on Wondertrade.
Would definitely like seeing more of those around.

I spent a good portion of game time yesterday breeding Snubbull's to release on /r/wondertrade Wednesday. I took the time to name each of them, giving each a separate name.  I bred a whole box of 'em, and I was hoping to see a shiny hatch from an egg but no luck there.  I'm also gonna wondertrade away the parents.
I'm working on my boxes of Sandshrew for wonder trade and I think Salandit will be my next project. Sending out only females and releasing the males.
I'd like to see more version exclusive pokemon. It would make collecting pokemon a bit easier (I know you could just use the GTS but I'd love to get a version exclusive in WT).

I would definitely love to see less starting area pokemon. I clean out those pokemon as well, I have two boxes called WonderTrash, and they are filled with starter area pokes. Quite annoying.
Pokemon that aren't available in this gen yet like Zorua, Pidgey, and Nidoran.

Realistically, literally anything that's not found on the first island, since that's 99% of wonder trade
Abra
I've been wonder trading off Adamant brejects of Jangmo-O and I swear every second Pokemon I get is an adamant, inner focus Abra :l
Maybe some good IV Fomantis
I don't know how people feel about Sneasel but I'll probably be throwing up a bunch of adamant ones with Ice Punch and Pursuit soon.
I've been sending out Beast Ball Miniors and 5-6 IV Grubbins.  
  
Dhelmise is next on my list, along with some Crabrawlers maybe.  
  
Send out Komalas, they are cute.
I'd like to breed a box full of Honedges and then Wonder Trade em' later
Fair and reasonable offers
I have about 10 boxes of dhelmise already looking for a shiny
I've been giving out Haunters, starters (Chikorita/Totodile/Cyndaquil; Oshawott/Snivy/Tepig; Litten/Pippolio/Rowlet), Dratini, Gible, Bagon, and some other Island scan Pokemon.
Honestly i'll take anything that isn't a wingull at this point.
Tomorrow I'll be catching one of my favorite pokemon that I've always hated myself for not fully using--Deino.

So I guess here in the next 2 days he'll be having quite the time with a Ditto, if you catch my drift.
I just wish wondertrade was like a box. Throw all your unwanted Pokémon in there at the same time and the game goes through the process and randomly trades them away. Then, in like a day or so, open up wondertrade and get your 6 or 16 or box full of other people's Pokémon. Grab the ones that interest you, and send the rest back into the machine.
You could always mass bred rare/hard to SOS chain pokemon with their hidden abilities, like self-destructing alolan geodudes.
I have 5 boxes of Sandygast trying to MM a shiny. I threw a box on WT last night, will prob throw another box or two on WT tonight.

I appreciate breed-jects when they come in. Starters, version exclusives, HA's or pokes that have very low encounter rates (dhelmise I'm looking at you) are always welcome off WT.

Just release the route 1 pokes. I figure when I get them that I hopefully helped out someone who is still in the early game. A Vulpix and Jangmo-o I got in WT early ended up being on my team the entire game.
So Wonder Trade should have a filter for how far in the game you are... like 3 different ones. Starting, Midway, Postgame. This way we can point out the s-bags that send stupid Pokemon out.

Anyway I myself have been sending Pokerus infected Litten I've been hatching with my Flame Body Pokerus Talonflame. Trying to get me that white cat with no luck even after 600+ eggs...
Cue the cheering: cls31 cls31 he's our man if he can't do it no one cannn
Mightyena was that one pokemon in ORAS that loved me too much.

according to serebii parting shot and memento have both been temporarily banned
Last time this happened, it was Sky Drop in GEn 5 because of the Gravity+Sky Drop bug. I'm wondering if it's the same case here.
http://m.imgur.com/ZToVaC7
A move can be really good, but if it doesn't have good availability then who cares. Sacred Fire is carried on a whopping two Pokemon and used to be a totally unique legendary ability. Daimond Storm is also a unique move to a legendary. 

Aeroblast - Legendary

Crabhammer - only a few crablike pokemon learn it

Hammer arm is in many pokemon and used as a coverage move.  You can compare it to Superpower in that it kills a threat but requires a switch after. It doesn't need to be another Close Combat because it's on pokemon that Gamefreak decided shouldn't be able to have fighting at low cost. Ice arm is a new move, but I bet it'll get put on more pokemon as time goes on.  This is ignoring trick room teams that may actually WANT to lower their speed with hammer arm making it have a niche over any fighting move. 
I don't really see what the problem is. Different moves have different effects.
No, these moves are what makes the game interesting. They force you to plan out tour moves and determine for yourself which are going to give you the best chance at winning.
If you find it annoying I suggest you don't play the game...
A lot of this stuff is based on context that is really, really sensitive. The Pokemon's typing, stats, abilities, common opponents, etc. all mesh together very delicately and subtle differences in moves are an easy way to tweak the end results if you're Game Freak. Addressing some of your examples, Thunder Bolt and Wild Charge are divided by the physical/special split. Electric is primarily a special-oriented type, so giving it a 1:1 physical thunderbolt might have thrown the dynamic of the types off. You should instead be comparing Wild Charge to Take Down, which it is essentially an electric version of. For Heat Wave vs. Flamethrower, there are some discrepancies between the two concerning power, accuracy, and the ability to hit multiple targets, but I think the focus is really distribution and also the design of the "feel" of the move. Flamethrower has been a TM since forever and is much more widely available while Heat Wave is given out more sparingly, giving a perk to the Pokemon who manage to get it without completely invalidating Flamethrower. Also, Heat Wave's Japanese name translates to "hot wind" which can justify the distribution of a fire-type attack to Pokemon that, flavor-wise, would not be spewing a stream of fire out of their mouth like with Flamethrower.
Actually pretty good, talonflam takes on hala, decidueye & feraliagtr counter olivia, decidueye & inceneroar get acerolas goat, and A raichu grabs kahili (use incineroar to start with kahili though, she leads with skarmory)
Its not bad but the E4 in this is pretty tough.  Z moves might help on your fastest guys though be warned the e4 have them too.
A-Raichu can learn Focus Blast via TM if you want coverage
I think it is practically confirmed that Anabel comes from the universe without Mega Evolution. Any other explanation would not make as much sense.
I'm definitely thinking there's something more there that we don't know of, but then again, datamines have proven otherwise. It just seems too unlikely to me that they'd implement such a feature just to switch times and get Cosmog.
hard to read a giant jumble of text,

Try editing it and spacing it out, that'd help your readers. 
Well, if you happen to not have seen it already, the [pokemon sun/moon team planner](https://richi3f.github.io/pokemon-team-planner/) is great! 
They needed more space for you new favorite show, Teen Titans Go.
If views are down, shows get rearranged. It would be insightful to look into what other shows were taking Pokemon's timeslots, because although the anime may not have been a bad show, if other shows were faring better then the network likely gave the them the more desirable times. 
People stopped watching it and any adult fan probably watched it subbed anyways.

Tbh I think Disney only picked it up for xd because it's a nice compliment to yokai watch
There is too much lag.
>I can't just not play it, because they PUT ALL THE POWER ITEMS BEHIND THE REWARD POINTS

I mean you could do battle tree instead
Triple explode, get 2 bp and move on.
Tbh I find it easier to grind for bp at the Battle Royal, especially since unlike the Battle Tree, the AI isn't running competitive sets and depending on your rank, you can get more than 1 BP per fight 
It's god awful, the AI decide what moves they use depending on the move you use, it's not just luck. The protect spam is ridiculous and giving that they have infinite PP, they can keep it up for as long as they want, the use of Z-Moves is effectively gone and the AI can make two moves in one turn which makes it even worse.
I like this mode for playing it with friends, really fun experience, however sadly it laags so hard and as you said the AI version is just frustrating gang-banging you all the time.
It can't add -1 instead of +1, because then you'd be at 98/100 instead...
That's exactly why. Volcanic islands are geographically young.
Johto also had no fossils, though that maybe because they didn't have time to (A Tortuga-like pokemon can be see in concept art). With a bit more of a base in science this time around (actual evolution, multiverse, alternate dimensions) I think that actually makes sense.
I'd have loved two oceanic ones (ten metre long squid cone thing plz, as they actually existed 400 million years ago, and a proto-whale would have been great) but the age of the islands makes sense.
Could be they simply didn't have any satisfactory designs, which was the reason given for the lack of Mega Flygon in ORAS.


I love it when people come up with overly complicated theories. Maybe they just didn't bother?
How are you checking friendliness?

By the way, herbs *lower* friendliness.
If im remembering this correctly, pokemon hate the bitterness of herbs and that decreases friendship. Also your pokemon might hate the flavor of the malasada you are feeding it.

http://www.serebii.net/sunmoon/malasada.shtml

To further raise questions:

I caught Wimpod yesterday. Its friendliness is near max. And it's done nearly no battles, fainted four times, and hasn't even looked at a soothe bell.

There is something severely wrong here.
Do [this](https://www.google.co.ve/search?q=TRANSFER+3RD+GEN+MONS+TO+7TH&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8&client=firefox-b-ab&gfe_rd=cr&ei=Le88WKuzJOSw8wfy5YmICg), then wait for PokéBank on January.
I'm afraid this is all you can do right now. PokeBank for Sun and Moon will come out in January.

* Step 1: Send to Diamond, Pearl, Platinum, HeartGold, or SoulSilver through PalPark
* Step 2: Send to Black, White, Black 2, or White 2 through Poke Transfer
* Step 3: Send to X, Y, Omega Ruby, or Alpha Sapphire through PokeBank

1) Insert your cartridge into a DS (NOT a DSI) with a Gen 4 game and transfer them over to Pal Park

2)Get another DS, put your Gen V game in there, and transfer the Pokemon between the two via PokéTransfer

3) Put your Gen V game into a 3DS, download PokeTransporter and Pokemon Bank, and transfer your Gen V Pokemon into Pokemon Bank

4) Wait until January when they update Pokémon Bank, bring Pokemon to SuMo

PS) Here's a link for more details <http://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Pok%C3%A9_Transfer>

PPS) Some of these (particularly Pal Park and PokéTransfer) require that you make some progress in the game, and due to you asking these question, I'm assuming you haven't. So you might want to get on that. 
You'll need an original DS to transfer from 3rd Gen to 4th Gen, but a DS can connect wirelessly to a 3DS to transfer from 4th Gen to 5th Gen.

They only need to be transported from 5th into Pokemon Bank afterwards, so when Bank is updated in January to be 7th Gen compatible, you can transfer directly from 5th Gen to 7th Gen.

If you don't already, you'll need one game from 4th Gen (Diamond/Pearl/Platinum/Heart Gold/Soul Silver) and one game from 5th Gen (Black/White/Black2/White2). A 6th Gen game is not needed to be able to transfer from 5th Gen into Poke Bank, but you will need to sign up for a Nintendo online account, and Poke Bank has a fee of 5 dollars per year to use.
[Here you go](https://youtu.be/g9Z9q7WY0Ls) 
you are gonna need two ds's, one of which is an old ds/ds lite (ones with gba slot)
You need a DS, a 3DS, a 4th Gen Game (you need to finish main story) and a 5th Gen Game. In all frankness, it's better to buy OmegaRuby/AlphaSaphire than go all through the hassle.
If you have a game from every gen from ruby onwards, do this. Import your pokemon into a gen 4 game after you've beaten the league, then poke transfer from a gen 4 game into black and white, and then wait for pokebank  to come out for gen 7
For ease of use, always stick the Pokemon to be transferred in box 1 in each game, since some transfers only work with the first PC box

1) Use an original DS (needs GBA slot) and a gen 4 game to transfer from Ruby to gen 4 via Pal Park (must have beat E4)

2) Use a 2nd DS (of any sort) and transfer over the Pokemon from the gen 4 game to any gen 5 game via the PokeTransfer Mechanic (I had to buy a copy of Pokemon Black just for this a couple years back). Also requires E4 to be beaten.

3) Use a 3DS with a Pokemon Bank subscription. Insert the gen 5 game and use the Poke-Transporter app (comes with Pokemon Bank) to transfer Pokemon from gen 5 to Pokemon Bank online

4) Wait for Pokemon Bank to update for SuMo support at the start of 2017 to bring them over to your current game (unless you're playing gen 6, in which case you can already do that)
As in gameboy advanced cartridge Pokemon ruby? I'm not really sure you can... 
72 hours. Trying to recover from my sadness after Lillie left me before touching the post game.
104 hours ...... send help
I'm at about 35 hours, I think. Only had the game since Friday though.
Only 30 hours for me. I've been on reddit a lot, and sleeping a lot lately.
116 hr 25 min, and I've probably spent at least 10 hours soft resetting.

I need to see a doctor
I'm on my second play through. First had 82 hours and now this one has 34
40 hours, i don't know how some of you have over 100 already.
101 hrs... That will climb when I start competitive breeding
35 ish and I'm only on the aether facility, schools been crazy lately :/
135 hours... 
Nope. Enjoyed every bit of it.
The fact they don't save BEFORE the credits start to roll is horrendous. I really hope it's not like that on repeat defeats of the elite four. I just want to reset and continue my game.

Actually, didn't something similar happen in XY with AZ wanting to battle you during the credits?
yep
Not really. The whole game is quite cinematic so it stayed true to it's roots with the ending. 
Should have auto saved after becoming the champion. 
No. I enjoyed it, it isn't like it was just wasted time either, they showed everything pretty quickly and I enjoyed all of it. It was a nice little conclusion to everything 
Yeah I really woulda liked the ability to skip more of the story.
Participating in battles (as in actually on the field) will decrease both the "hunger" and "enjoyment" meter. To me it it looks like it takes 3-5 battles for the meters to be fully empty again. There is an internal cooldown but I don't know if its based on steps or time.
I've been SOS chaining the Riolus in Poni Grove. They're level 50-55, can't damage Decidueye, and call in Chansey's every now and then that give a you a nice chunk of EXP. Plus a chance at a shiny Riolu!
You can do the Battle Buffet in Hau'oli city and before the 10 moves are up just leave and the timer resets and the trainers usually give more moeny than what you need to pay to dine. Though this is only efficient if you've beaten the main game.

If you wanna talk about most *efficient* way to grind levels that would probably be having a Rank 30 Festival Plaza with a 5 Star Restaurant where there are dishes that raise your pokemon's level. Abeilt there are expensive like 200 FC for the real higher ends ones like 7+ levels for pokemon level 79 and under.
Poni Gauntlet near the Battle Tree is where I have been training my team... I false swipe a golduck and then KO all of the SoS mons he brings in. I mix it up sometimes, but it's pretty fast and I chose golduck because they do very little damage to Decidueye
I think know Thief (Dark type) has 25 PP. Or maybe go with Lick (30PP?).            
Nice strat, interesting that the new one can't teleport of the original is trapped, good to know.
Turn off EXP Share and have the Battle Style to Set. Those are the difficulty options, they just aren't labeled as such. 

And if anything, people are saying this is one of the more difficult games in the series. 
That's just your nostalgia talking. Go back and play the old games, they are just as easy if not easier than the current ones imo. The only difference was some things were more tedious than they are now. I believe sun and moon are some of the most difficult ones yet. If you want a bigger challenge play with the experience share off and the battle style on set, it's how I played it and it was great. I was consistently pretty underleveled towards the end.
there are, turn off exp share and change battle style to set instead of shift.
I actually like how the game tells you what moves are effective. I hated having to pull up the wiki whenever I wasn't sure. It still only works after you have already battled that Pokemon, so you can still be surprised.
I'd disagree, Sun and Moon is far more difficult than the recent games, everything can give you a legitimate challenge, especially the Totem Pokemon and Lusamine's Clefable.
What you're calling a removal of challenge is really a bunch of QoL improvements.  Free healing before and after major battles saves you the annoyance of constantly backtracking for healing.  Telling you how effective your moves will be saves you the hassle of having to memorize the entire type chart to battle effectively.  The main campaign has *always* been easy; this is an RPG, the only real difficulty modifier is how lazy you are.
I must have been playing the games wrong since this is the first game ive whited out on since Gen III, and thats because I was 12 at the time.

The games are incredibly hard. And wild Pokemon have constantly been 2-3 levels higher than my pokemon and trainers are 4-5. With boss battles easily being upwards of 10 levels higher than my pokemon. The first time I faced the champion my teams strongest was level 50, the weakest was 46. The champion was level 57. The E4 level 54.

Please someone tell me I did soemthing horribly wrong, since I hear this all the time
I've been playing Pokémon since the series began in the 90s. I was seven at that time. 

XY and ORAS were horribly easy. So much so that I didn't finish either of them, because by the sixth gym I was so over-leveled that the gym battles were a snore. That was even with EXP share off and running nuzlockes. 

Sun and Moon have been different. Wild encounters tend to be over the level of my team, which makes training for the trials and kahunas difficult. So if I get impatient and try to move on, I get my ass whooped because the totem Pokémon and Kahuna teams are above me by at least two or three levels. That basically makes a bit of a grind necessary to beating the totems and the Kahuna teams, but since the wild encounters are still over my level it's a tough time in general. 

I could see the game being easy if you carry a team of two or three and give them all of the experience, but I always carry a team of six as soon as possible for type coverage, and just because I like having more Pokémon to interact with. Spreading the experience available through trainer, trial, totem, and Kahuna battles across these six, which has changed a few times already as the game progresses, makes it more difficult because they aren't getting over-leveled. 
I played it in battle set with exp share turned off. Felt like a gen 1-4 game difficulty. Very enjoyable and tough. 
Remake will be next I think.
As much as I would love a remake of my least favorite generation (DP), a third version is next. 

I'd love it though if they released a Red 2 / Blue 2 in 2018 (20th Anniversary of the US release of the originals). Hell, shove Johto into it and call it RedGold/BlueSilver.
Stars is more likely XD
If there's a remake, I want another Red/Green/Blue/Yellow. They were last on GBA, and DiaPea were on DS.
Put that pokemon back, or so help me!
I wouldn't say connection, more like similarities...
Well this is something really weird
Welp, that only goes along with the joke I made about Crabominable a few hours ago
Mike did put Boo in a bag as well. And she escaped. 
I like to think the anime is a show in the game. Plus they say she's from the hoenn region in the game, but she was taken 10 years earlier which makes me think that's why we didn't see her in ORAS was because she had already been working for the international police
She is a Trainer from the Ruby/Sapphire/Emerald universe. 

The game said that she used to do something at a tower.

In RSE, in the Battle Tower there is a woman named Anabel.

RSE Annabel looks identical to the Sun and Moon Anabel.
According to all the known laws of pokemon, there is no way a Pikachu should be able to hold a lucky egg. The Pikachu of course, doesn't care what humans think should be possible, and holds the lucky egg anyways.
Nahhhhhhh b I wish
I don't believe it, they only carry light balls.
...Okay.


Not necessarily, they don't ever have to go back to gyms.
Well since apparently you're gonna be done playing in 5 days and you'll never play on a Monday again, you can just change it to 11:55 pm on Saturday. It makes you wait a whole 24 hours for time based events to reset, so after 24 hours, it'd be 11:55 pm on a Sunday. Wait 5 minutes and it'd be Monday
Breed a cyndaquil and check the gts for totodiles.  If there are none throw the cyndaquil up asking for one.  Will likely get it in a few hours.
We already got VC ports. even a Unova reamke would be more likely.
Diamond & Pearl Please
No, Gen IV would be next.
I swear most of the Genwunners are entitled at this point
I feel if that were the case, we would have gotten them as part of Gen VI and instead of the VC ports.
This is a pretty dumb idea considering the fact that they've already ported the original games to the Virtual Console. If they wanted to get more money, they might as well just remake Sinnoh.
On the one hand, I can see them making a lot of money off that, but I think they realize it's a better long-term decision to go with Gen IV remakes + new games. Sure, they could try to squeeze every cent out of the nostalgia factor of the first games, but they know there's no need to pander in that way.
I'm less concerned about remakes and more hopeful they'll continue to preserve the older games through the Virtual Console and stuff. I wouldn't be opposed to a game where you REVISIT some older regions, though. Kinda like Kanto in gen 2.
While it's likely a 3D remake of Kanto will come about eventually, it's more likely that the next games will be a Gen IV remake.  
I hope not and no, it doesn't seem more likely at all.
Stop this you'll jinx it into happening
Please no. 

If they do anything with Kanto it had better be a new story entirely.  
The back of the chip looks iffy, the bottom of the pins is way lighter than it should be.  
  
Just took some pics of my cartridge to show you, right [here](http://imgur.com/gallery/VBsgK), hope it helps.
Looks counterfit with the pin colouration and wording on the rear, I'd google legit cartridges and do a side by side, you could also pop open the cart and check the internal chips to see what markings they have. 
Depends on what evolution you want
Generally with Eevee you want to evolve it ASAP. Its move list completely changes upon evolution, and your auto-evo move is normally a weak one. 
Wait for the Box art legendary battle - It's epic (and currently my ringtone!). 
You're only on Akala and you're already that impressed by the soundtrack? Dude, you're in for a riiiiide.
Definably one of my favorite soundtracks - listening right now to at work :)
Get ready for some mindblowing music after the 3rd island.  It blows everything out of the water.
Oh just you wait, it's going to get even more spectacular from here on out.
God I love the Team Skull music so GODDAMN MUCH jfc

I'm pretty sure they remixed old battle themes into their battle themes but I have to relisten to everything to make sure

I've basically listened to Guzma's theme on repeat for hours now

But yeah the whole music is super great

very upbeat, very Hawaiian

always setting an appropriate mood

Love it
Guzma's theme made me want to revisit my favorite generations soundtrack, Black and White. So I purchased the Super Music Collection on iTunes and do not regret it at all.
If you get disconnected this gen, youre banned from online stuff for a while... Check back in 24 hours
There are a few design issues,like how my master ball became the default shortcut ball...

Sure caught the hell out of that dugtrio.

I've got another one off wonder trade but still...

I'll have to put it in my PC because there's just nothing to make it go away from that button.
I use that method already (I currently have 300+ beast balls), but it works even after the quest is over? Does Looker just stay in the motel afterwards? That'd be awesome since I'm working on an Alola Beast Ball Living dex.
Very creative method, thanks!
OMG! Thank God! #BeastBallBestBall
No, they do not call for allies.
Alolan forms have different backgrounds.
If the Pokemon is an Alolan version of an older Pokemon, it uses a blue background instead of yellow/orange. The music is also different when this happens.
I think like evolution screens alolan pokemon have different backgrounds to regular pokemon, however i have no proof of this :P i have not tested it out myself! 
Ash greninja is considered a "special" pokemon and can't breed. 
Ash Greninja cannot breed.
It can't breed because it'll catch fire easily
It's been in by HG/SS, so it's also a factor if you replay anything after HGSS
Yeah it still doesn't tell less informed players what it means
Affection is a different stat from Happiness. Happiness is raised by battling, not letting it faint, walking around, giving it certain berries. Also it can only evolve at night.
Happiness is a hidden stat, see WillExis' post for details.
Affection and happiness are not the same thing
Like the others said, gotta make the little cat happy.

Happiness checker NPC is in Konikoni town.
It should evolve at level 28 when is has high friendship
Googled Pokemon sun and moon move tutors and this is the first link: http://www.serebii.net/sunmoon/movetutors.shtml
the first two games in a generation (rs, dp, bw, xy, sm) don't have the "battle resort move tutors", they'll be added to the next game
Come on man...
Thats really unlucky of you.  I play it a lot, and I rarely see stalling pokemon.
Forgive me, but this brought me to tears of laughter when I initially read it. I'm sorry you had to go through that OP
Had a max evasion Muk vs my last pokemon Bastiodon in the Battle Tree. F*** that purple good so hard
I haven't gotten a Toxapex yet, so I'm unfamiliar with how baneful bunker works exactly, how did you poison yourself with it?
Should have teched in feint kappa
Slimy and shiny

My Timid Ditto is [blue](https://www.twitch.tv/happyditto/v/104031649)

4 IV surprise
It's a wild Golurk,  
Look at his majestic bod,  
I don't want the codes
Emboar and Fire Punch,

the best combo of all time,

Infernape's not cool.
Pika Pikachu 
Pikapi Pikachu Pi
Pi Pi-kachu Chuuuuuuuu
Please give him a chance

He's cute and loves to find toys

He's my ziggzagoon 
Hes a fucking shroom
Its just a mushroom my dudes
Sneaky Snacky Shrooms
It is a bidoof

With the two buck teeth

With a small nose

My Latios is fast
He uses luster purge like flash
He Zoom zoom , bye bye
Farfetch'd is so cool.

Look at his big leek! Isn't it

the best stick ever?!
He flies through the sky,
His Dragon Ascent kills all,
Rayquaza is cool
3 dimensional
Converts to binary code
Porygon is great 
Rampardos is dope
Smashing skulls all day every day 
Fuck bastiodon
I'd replace any song with the song from Pokémon Pearl/Diamond/Platinum Route 202. It's so nostalgic (being my very first Pokémon game and Route).
/r/stunfisk can help you out
I say watch YouTube tutorials or just competitive videos in general. 
[Here](http://strategywiki.org/wiki/Pok%C3%A9mon/Competitive_battling/Table_of_Contents) would be a good place to start. After that, head over to smogon. These two together have helped me a lot, I hope they will for you too.
http://www.smogon.com/
It *wants* to travel with you, remember?
Then trade me one man
Been like that since Gen 5, friendo.
You thought you had a 3ds all this time and this is the first 3ds game you've ever seen...? You thought you had a 3ds and only played ds games..?!
Wow...
I hope you mean that you mixed them up. Not that you never had a 3ds.
Please tell me your joking 
This a joke post... right?
A 2ds may be a good option for you if you're looking for something that just works, they're relatively cheap.
Shit like this is allowed and genuine questions are removed. What a shit subreddit
I've heard the best level for destiny knot is 25.
I can confirm you can get Destiny Knot from level 11 (if pickup works like in previous gens), not sure on the rarities in level tiers yet though. [Pickup Chart](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5dnfo7/just_got_leftovers_via_pickup_lvl_18_pickup_chart/)
Picked up 5 pups and got one in about 15 minutes. All around lv 25. Surprisingly the rarest item outside the knot was a revive and an ultra ball. 
Yeah, it's done that to me and other players too. Just a visual bug.
There is no chain in the sense you'll have a better odds at a shiny. However there is a chain for better ivs.
Chain breaks only if there are no more pokemon other than yours.
Screenshots/pictures, maybe? To see what's going on?
Maintenence

https://3ds.pokemon-gl.com/maintenance/
http://www.serebiiforums.com/showthread.php?639382-Non-Filler-XY-Series-Episode-List This is a list of episodes considered 'non-filler', but it only covers the XY / XY&Z series. There might be other lists elsewhere for earlier seasons, but that's the only one I've stumbled on.
Needs shirts made!
Maybe a reference to being Jhoto?

Either way I love it!
Great design would go perfect on a dark green t shirt but I'm pretty sure it's spelled "Mahogany Town"
this would be amazing for a back patch
It's pretty heavily implied that the reason Lillie looks like Nihilego is because her mother specifically dressed her up to look like one (the discussion about how her mom picks out her clothes from the beginning of the game). As for Lusamine and Guzma, it's possible that Lusamine met several Ultra Beasts other than Nihilego, dressing herself up to look like Pheromosa and maybe even influencing Guzma into styling his appearance after Xurkitree. It was stated at one point that Lusamine was the only adult that Guzma likes, respects, or something to that effect at least. In regards to the others, I honestly don't really see the resemblance in any of the other Ultra Beasts to characters in the game.
Lusamine' Husband is a scientist (there is a theory that hes Mohn the poke pelago keeper) and he is researching the ultra wormhole when hes sucked into one. 

The game hinting the probability that She met with an ultra beast (possibly when trying to find her husband) and after that her personality "changed" and become obsessed with UB, calling them beautiful. 

Even changing her appearance and her kids's and Guzma to look like UB (this is aluded in one of the conversations with Lillie near the beginning of the game when she said she only wear clothing that her mother wants her to wear.)

Kinda like Lovecraftian you know. A character met a powerful entity beyond their realm of understanding and rendered them insane.

Idk about guzzlord and kartana. To me they dont look like any of the characters. I mean guzzlord lookslike hala just because hes fat? Thats body shaming!
Mabey nintendo just wanted to mess with us
The reason is because Lusamine, in her obsession over the UBs, forced her own children and possibly Guzma to dress up like the UBs.
Well, Lusamine dressed her kids like UBs, and herself, maybe influenced Guzma or took a liking to him because of tye similarity, so that covers Nihilego, Buzzwole, Pheromosa and Xurkitree. Kartana, Celesteela, Guzzlord and Necrozma have no such connection AFAIK.
Back out and go back and it reverts, iirx. I had that on one
Similar thing happened to me. When I clicked "Take back", I got the pokemon that I was asking for instead of the pokemon i deposited.
it usually happens to me when i go for a trade and the trade already occurred for someone else leading to the pokemon i offered appearing on the summary page of another pokemon i'm putting up for trade
Don't do island scan til you have opened an entire island.
It's near Kukui's house, but it's not possible to access before you have the Tauros ride.
You get access to 10 carat hill after you clear the first trial. 

Its located near Kukui's lab in the south
Because of the focus on z-moves, but if you want a "canon" explanation ...

Mega stones appear to have two sources. One is hinted at in XY by Sycamore. He suggests that radiation given off by Xerneas and Yveltal transformed regular evolutionary stones into specific mega stones. Since Xerneas and Yveltal, to our knowledge thus far, are pretty restricted to Kalos, that would be one explanation because Alola doesn't have a local of either legendary. 

The other source is discussed in ORAS, where you find out that some mega stones come from outer space in the form of meteorites that strike the earth. This is the theorized source of mega stones in Hoenn. While this source has a broader range than mega stones created by the legendaries of Kalos, the chances of a landmass getting struck by a meteorite isn't large by any means. The chances of a meteorite striking a small, relatively young chain of islands is pretty small as well, which would explain why mega stones wouldn't be found naturally in Alola. 

So if something is produced in small quantities in very specific locations in the world, what do people do with that resource? Capitalize on it. If you have a monopoly on something you can easily manipulate the price to anything you want, particularly if it is something consumers consider "necessary" and will therefore dish out for. That might explain why mega stones are not found in Alola, and why those that are are pretty damn expensive. 
I think it's because they want us to focus on the z-moves. 

You want free mega stones, play ORAS/XY. That's their logic
They are.  If you're talking about Alakazam or the Kanto starters that is.
Because megastones arent legal for play, so there is no reason for them not to be pay for? Why waste story room giving you something you can't use at events that isn't actually important to the story 
Also scald for ice types (because they need another weakness, and, since nobody uses scald, it'll be balanced /s).
This was what Flying Press was for. 


I'm just bummed I keep having to fight all of the team skull grunts one-on-one. Seriously, are a few two-vs-one matches too much to ask for?
I hate that Horde battles aren't in the game and in Poni you have to battle 5 grunts at the same time... But then the battle is against only one grunt with five Pokémon. I think they tried to implement Hordes again, but as the 3ds couldn't work they had to change that battle. Why would they make a 5v1 if not that?
Yeah, I would love having 3 fps 
Imagine 6 moltres in wifi. You'd get a clean 1 FPS.
While I was in a double battle with Hau and the Aether grunts my 3ds XL actually froze after I went into my items with only the music still playing, so triple battles would probably make 3ds' explode.
I miss fighting against 3 Blisseys.
I was sad the 5 skull grunts before plumeria weren't a horde battle....
I think they will come back for the remake. Honestly I think the reason they took them out was hardware related. Too many pokemon and trainer models showing at once would make it chug even on the new 3ds. 
Only thing that disappointed me was the fact that they got rid of the hoard battles with skull...I forgot where it was but it was before you got posionium thing where I was expecting a hoard trainer battle
I'm fine with it. 

The last thing I need is two fucking extra Beldum when I just want to catch one.
I don't think the game would be able to handle it, it seems to struggle a bit with 2 v 2 on the New 3DS as is, FFAs as well, maybe it could work on the New 3DS but the older 3DS might not been able to handle it and they probably didn't want that.

My guess is they didn't plan to, but HAD to scrap them, heck I wouldn't be surprised if that fight where you have to fight "all their pokemon at once" but end up fighting just one guy with 5 was supposed to actually be a special "horde fight" like in ORAS with the quintuplets.

I mean to be fair they did update quite a bit from gen 6.
- All trainers are animated 3d models instead of just a few and are actually in the battle doing little animations now and then.
- All pokemon are rendered together in the actual field instead of being in their weird little circles.
- The field/ background are a lot more detailed, and there's more variety.
- The HUD also got a nice upgrade as well.

Also I'm not so sure but almost looks like the models of the pokemon themselves look nicer, maybe they were updated too, or it might just be me seeing things. 

(*Tinfoil time, maybe that's why there's so few pokemon in the game and Pokebank is not updating until next year, they didn't have time to update all models yet but didn't wanna delay the game? But more than likely I'm just being crazy.)

But yeah the way the 3DS can barely handle 4 Pokemon in the field makes it seem like it wouldn't be such a great idea to add 2 more.
I don't know if you have seen this game on the old 3ds but I, for one, am glad that the battles don't extend past 4 total pokemon. My poor ds.
its because of the trainer models being in battle and the more detialed battle backrounds the game already is laggy in doubles it would be unplayble in tripples
would kill for horde battles against skull grunts tho

they got to do it in the anime when kiawe went 6 on 1
The game can barely handle 2v2.

I can't believe how demanding this game is, either that or the 3DS XL hardware is trash.
I never cared much for triples or rotation, allthough I'm sad to see them go. But inverse battles D: And just to spite us, they have a mission in the festival plaza for inverse type matchups......
I think the game would drop to like 1 fps in a triple battle
The game lags even with 2v2
They're not gone, they're just lagging so bad that it's taking an eternity for the option to load up.

Oh how I wish Switch would have capabilities close to Vita
I feel like they would've if it wouldn't explode your ds.  Double battles are pushing it even on the new 3DS.
Im still mad we cant team up with Hau or Gladion in the Battle Tree. LIKE WHAT THE HELL? those are my favorite characters to team up with.
Imagine the framerate in a 3v3 fight in S/M. Slideshow.
The 3ds can barely even handle double battles. I think a triple battle would kill the poor thing. 
Smh everyone saying they couldnt do triple battles cause of lag. Solution is simple, in SuMo 2 trainers + 4 pokemon = 6 models. In a triple battle just dont show trainers like they did in xy so you only have 0 trainers + 6 pokemon = 6 models. This is why xy had triple battles and SuMo didnt. They were to lazy to code triples without the trainers thats all.
i dont think there have ever been triple multi battles?

also, remember, the number of models onscreen at any one time is double that of gen 6 games.
[removed]
Now I've never heard this piece of music before so this isn't entirely a remix to me. My thoughts while listening to it right now, are that it has a very nice vibe. Very comfy and warm and the EDM part just hit and I love it so much. This is is very well remixed and I applaud you for it. I'm not noticing too many problems at all, from someone who hasn't heard this not remixed this is an incredible listening experience. Great job!! :D
I've just started getting interested in this style of music, and I have to say, this was really cool. The fade into the Electronic stuff was smooth, and it just sounded nice and calming.  
  
Machamp gives it 4 thumbs up.
Five years old and already challenging his region's Champion after defeating the Elite Four?

That kid is going places. Unfortunately he hasn't graduated Pokémon School so his math skills are lacking. He probably just pulled out change from his pocket and called it a day.
He's a youngster, what did you expect?
Unfortunately, I am the the High King of Alola.
thats probably all of his money. he spent it getting potions and revives for the elite 4. you monster
Tomorrow you're going to get a call from his mom saying that was all from her credit card.
Pro tip: Use an amulet coin!! ;)
If it was set in vaguely sinnoh then it is almost certainly random doom. I believe it had a couple joke comics where body swapping occured.
Killing them instead of capturing is a great way to grind exp for pokemon under level 60.

I was getting 3k per kill and thanks to max repel, I would only trigger it.
How is this a discussion if you already figured it out?
That’s not true because the game doesn’t use the front camera to reflect our face onto the character.
Why do they even give you a face, then? Obviously useless.
They could at least make it inoffensively neutral, though. The Stepford Smiler vibe is more than a little creepy, especially during plot-critical moments.
Ash-Greninja and all the items from the demo. 
Serebii.net has a page for distribution events: http://www.serebii.net/sunmoon/wifievents.shtml

Additionally I'm sure they will be posted on this reddit then reposted again and again and again...
A malasada made with love.
Volume of an ellipsoid = 4/3 (pi) (ABC), where A, b and c are the semi-axes.

4 inches times 2.54 = 10.16 centimeters. The semi axis is half of this, so 5.08

5.6 inches times 2.54 = 14.224 centimeters. Semi axis is 7.112

2.3 times 2.54 = 5.842 or 2.921

4/3(pi)(5.08)(7.112)(2.921) = 442.054 Cubic Centimeters.

Your initial volume makes absolutely no sense. A cube with 1 centimeter length, width, and height has 1cm^3 volume. It's ridiculous to say that it has three dimensions greater than a centimeter, and that it's volume is 5 orders of magnitude smaller than one.

0'04" means "0 feet 4 inches", by the way. In case that's what threw you off.
OK, curiosity beat me.

Turns the Pokémon 3D models have been extracted from the game, and happen to be proportional, that means if you extract Steelix and put it in a 3D model program, it will have a length of nearly 920, while Pikachu will have a height of nearly 40. The models themselves don't have units, but these values are consistent with their respective metric size in cm. (BTW, GameFreak always assigns size in metric first and converts to imperial later, and only for English translation. I see a lot of comments picking the imperial values and converting to metric, when it's easier searching in Bulbapedia or Serebii and using these directly).

So I [imported](http://imgur.com/a/dkycT) Cosmoem's model into Blender. First thing I noticed is that Cosmoem's pokédex size is the width, not the height. That means 10cm is the longer axis actually. Another thing, calculating the volume as a full ellipsoid is quite inexact because this golden armor leaves a lot of space between.

Anyway, there's an addon that calculates the volume of a mesh. The armor's volume is 37.3 cm³, and the orb's volume is 77.3 cm³ (if you're unsure the orb's radius is around 2.65 cm, use volume formula and checks out). That gives a total of 114.6 cm³, and so a density of 8725.13 g/cm³.

But there's more. What if actually most of the weight is concentrated in the black core and the rest is negligible? The core has a volume of 6.2 cm³, which gives a density of 161274.19 g/cm³. In comparison, the sun's core is estimated to have a density of 162 g/cm³, and a white dwarf may vary between 10 thousand and 10 million g/cm². Black holes and neutron stars are several magnitude orders above that.
The real question is, what is the fucking bag made of?!
But is it as dense as Ash Ketchum?
Well it is essentially a Neutron star. A teaspoon of one is about 30x the weight of the empire state building.
But... 1 cubic inch =/= 2.54 cubic centimeters... 1 cubic inch is (2.54 centimeters)^3.

The metric volume should be 0.00002697580891884355 cubic inches × (2.54cm/1inch)^3
=  0.0004420543 cubic centimetres.

Source: http://www.metric-conversions.org/volume/cubic-inches-to-cubic-centimeters.htm#004033034

The true density is ( 999.9 ×10^3 ) g ÷  0.0004420543 cm^3 = **2.2619 × 10^9 g/cm^3.**

Edit: and upon further investigation your reported answer isn't correct either. 
( 999.9 × 10^3 ) g ÷ 0.000068518554653862617 cm^3 = 1.459 × 10^10 g/cm^3
Not the reported 1.459 × 10^8 g/cm^3.


 
I think she can carry him because either:

1. Exaggerated pokedex entries is probably still a thing.

2.  He's just *floating* in said bag.

Then again, if the latest mod for smash bros. is anything to go by, apparently Lillie's taller than *Kratos* so she might as well be stronger than him too.
As a math educator, this thread shows exactly why math education is important. Absolutely no offense to the OP, but his calculation shows several pretty large errors that can occur even in a 'simple' calculation.

* Misuse of units: OP thought 0'04" meant 0.04 inches. A comparison with the metric measurement, would have shown that 0.04 inches isn't anywhere near the provided 0.1m, so alarm bells should have been ringing already. Doesn't metric make more sense to use anyway, since Nintendo is Japanese?

* Wrong conversion: Implying that 1 cubic inch is 2.54 cubic centimetres, it's actually 16.4 cm^3. 

* No sanity check: 0.04 inches is 1 millimeter. That should also set off alarm bells just because of how small Cosmoem would be if that were true. Also, past that, does it make sense that a black hole that's 4 inches high/wide, would weigh 999kg, the weight of a compact car? No, even common sense tells us that we are off by several magnitudes here.

The last mistake, thinking that the height was 4 inches when it was actually the width, I can somewhat forgive since that seems confusing. However, it is also by far the smallest error when looking at how it affects the outcome. Still, always be sure that the numbers you are working with are what you think they are!

Many people will just say 'yup that looks like lots of numbers', but forget that there's reality and intuition behind those numbers. Always be careful before you throw a lot of stuff at a calculator and assume that the outcome must be correct. Remember, even with a calculator, it's garbage in, garbage out.

---

For the record, the correct answer is: the volume of an elipsoid is (4/3)\*pi\*abc, where a, b,c are the three radii of the ellipsoid, namely half of the diameters: 10cm, 7.1cm, and 4.1cm. The total volume is therefore approximately 150cm^3. With a weight of 999kg, that gives it a density of 6.7  kg/cm^3, or **6700 g/cm^3**.  That's approximately 600 times more dense than lead, but not even anywhere close to the density of a black hole (although a black hole does not have an easy to determine density, I'm a math guy, not a physics guy).

(also, many posts in this thread have issues with the number of significant digits. Our input is: 0.1m or 4 inches, so does it make sense to give the answer in 10 or more significant digits? But I'm going to stop there since I don't want to sound like your lecturing high school physics teacher.)
Looking at the numbers you came up with, I think you're several orders of magnitude off the mark.
One cubic centimeter is a 1cm x 1cm x 1cm cube and you calculations show that the volume is a tiny fraction of that.

Assuming your measurements are correct, the volume of an ellipsoid is 4/3\*pi\*abc where abc are the lengths of the semi-axes.
Plugging the numbers in would give us 4/3\*pi\*4\*5.6\*2.3=215.81 square inches or 3536.49 cubic centimeters.
This would give a much more realistic density of 999900/3536.49=282.74g/cm^3. 

~2.83x10^5kg/m^3 which is on the same order of magnitude as the density of a super-massive black hole (but still much less dense than a stellar mass black hole as smaller black holes have greater density). Keep in mind that the density of black holes are calculated from the schwarzschild radius (event horizon) and not the actual density required for the formation of the black hole.

Regardless Cosmoem's density is 10 denser than the densest stable element Osmium at 2.26x10^4kg/m^3


Could someone calculate the density of Ash too?
Honestly though, I feel like Cosmog/oem fits Lunala a lot more than Solgaleo. Maybe that's just me?
Pokedex entry says Cosmoem is .1m tall, which implies a .05m radius. Assuming its perfectly spherical, this would give us a volume of 5.24 x 10^-4 m^3. Density = mass/volume = 1000kg/(5.24 x 10^-4) = 1908396.94656 kg/m^3. The density doesn't hold a candle to the density of a black hole, which is along the lines of 6*10^18 kg/m^3.
Maybe its body doesn't interact with the Higgs field so it experiences no weight force (or maybe only a small part does so it weighs a bit).  

Or maybe the pokedex is just total BS as usual
If we're using Cosmoem's weight in kilograms (999.9 kg), we should use its height in meters (0.1 m). Cosmoem isn't quite an ellipsoid—apart from the eight protrusions on its body it looks like a smaller ellipsoid with a spherical core embedded in it. But I'll approximate by guessing that if the protrusions were melted down and molded around it, it could roughly form an ellipsoid with the same width and thickness as Cosmoem but with the height of the smaller ellipsoid.

Said ellipsoid is about 2/3 as tall as Cosmoem's total height (0.0667 m) and about 11/10 as wide as Cosmoem's height (0.11 m). Its spherical core's diameter (our approximate ellipsoid's thickness) is about 4/7 of its height (0.0571 m).

These dimensions give our approximate ellipsoid a volume of 0.001751 m^(3), or 1751 cm^(3). This means Cosmoem's density is about 0.571 kg/cm^(3).

Cosmoem is about 25 times denser than the densest material on earth (osmium, 0.023 kg/cm^(3)), but neutron stars are about two hundred billion times denser than Cosmoem.

It's too bad Cosmoem can't learn Dive. Then measuring its volume would be as simple as seeing how much water is displaced.
If you want maths done right, post it wrong on reddit.
r/theydidthemath 
It's very interesting how dense Cosmoem is, but there were a few (albeit major) errors in calculations. They've already been pointed out, so I'll not go over those again. Stupidly dense, but not nearly as dense as a singularity.

With due respect though, Cosmoem is meant to represent a Neutron Star (although it shouldn't, because a Neutron star is a "dead" one. Why does it go Protostar -> Dead Star -> Main Sequence Star / Small planetary mass (assuming the accretion theory, if I recall my planetary formation theories correctly))? Point I'm trying to make was that his stupidly high density was intentional and made to represent a celestial body.
Well shit, lillie isn't as weak as she said she is. 
With those mathematical calculations of yours, we can conclude that it is not only Cosmoem that is really dense. HOYVIN GLAVIN!

^^^kidding
But hey, that's just a the-- i'll stop
[deleted]
dear god thats dence
Larger black holes are less dense, so being 25 times denser than the galactic black hole isn't as impressive as, say, being 25 times denser than the galaxy's smallest black hole.
See, math is important. You just need to figure out how to use it right.
At least it floats. Otherwise it would have torn a hole right through the bag... and the ground.
Man, I fucking hate maths.
What is the lack of logic with macargo? 
no matter how many math calculation you guys put it in, there is simply no way she can carry that thing in her bag with that much weight on.

but i'm not a science/math guy. does reducing dimension of size while retaining its weight make cosmoem lighter but more dense? or is it still weight and have the same density?
All math aside...

Seriously... How the heck does Lillie carry Nebby around? The only plausible theory I have for this is that Cosmoem is in a state of constant levitation above the ground. Therefore, Lillie doesn't have to carry its weight, but just pull it along while in her bag.
I really wish Lillie had used this as a pun at some point in-game.

"You have to stay in the bag Nebby, how are you so *dense* that you can't get that through your thick skull?"


My crack at it:
Just assuming Cosmoem as a sphere for the sake of simplicity (longer than a sphere but with gaps, this'll be about the simplest form to balance that out, and the bulk of the mass is likely just the black circle from my interpretation):

Volume = (4/3)πr^3
V= (4/3)π(.05)^3
V≈0.000524 m^3

d=m/V
d=999.9kg/0.000524m^3
**d≈1909668 kg/m^3**
or d≈1.91x10^6
This is pretty dense, but:

Comparisons: 

Density of neutron stars: 3.7×10^17 to 5.9×10^17 kg/m^3

Density of black hole: Actually, density gets pretty silly when considering these, just consider the density formula as V -> 0. But approximations using the event horizon as an effective radius run from just 200 to 6x10^18 kg/m^3
I read about 4-5 comments before my head started hurting.

Good on you damn math wizards, wish I could do that shit
But that's just a theory......
You should x-post this into r/theydidthemath.
Moon x Lillie 

( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Well Sun/Lillie is kinda obvious, though I could easily get behind Moon/Gladion as well since Gladion's attitude towards the player can easily be interpreted as him being a slowly defrosting tsundere. Put another way, I ship the player characters with the blonde siblings.

Postgame also made me a definite fan of Anabel/Looker.

As for everyone else, I dunno. There are a ton of potential combinations I could see happening and as long as they don't interfere with the above pairings and aren't completely idiotic I'd be down with it.
Gladion and Hau. No explanation needed.
Totally shipping Moon/Gladion and Sun/Olivia (you know why...) 

Tee Hee :D
Player Character and Lillie all the way! Gladion and Hau would be a hilarious odd couple aswell, would love a sitcom of those two being room mates romantic relationship or not. Looker and Anabell works too. Only ship I really actively support though is Male Player character and Lillie though. The other parings are just ones I go "yeah that could be a thing that works well"
http://www.serebii.net/sunmoon/ztrainers.shtml

http://www.serebii.net/sunmoon/pokedexquests.shtml
For the Pokedex entries: http://www.serebii.net/sunmoon/pokedexquests.shtml

Not sure about the trainers though.
Thanks guys!
I like this theory. 

*Magikarp: "Um this guy has killed 78 of us. Big Papa Gyarados, will you get over here and teach him a lesson with your max IVS and Moxie ability?"*
I hope you all are happy with your 4IV Salamance. You just abducted a pillar of the Route 3 Bagon community.
I think chaining in general would have been more amusing if they actually call in pokemon 20 levels above them to kick your ass.

The Salamence in Route 3 should ride in at Level 50 and annihilate you for your disrespect.
Then what's the explanation for the level 40 dratini in my dratini chain calling for a level 14 dragonair?
While EV training my Pheromosa I found a shiny Caterpie with 4 perfect IVs.
Well, if you're getting beaten down and you wanted help, you'd ask someone who's stronger than you, wouldn't you? And sometimes you end up with a predator (Sableye, Mareanie, etc.) to take advantage of you while you're weakened.
Or in the case of the HA Eevee I caught, the cowardly one that shivers a lot finally mustered the courage to come help his friends. 
That's pretty interesting, never thought about it like that.
Question: are the pokemon locked at 4ivs? or is it possible to get more through chaining?
Makes sense.
Could someone explain what exactly is meant by 'Chaining'?

I'm not sure how I fell so far out of the loop, but I can't seem to find a description that explains exactly what it means, and how to do it.   
Is it the same thing from XY?
That actually makes sense
They eventually call their friend as a shiny to put themselves out of suffering, despite their friend being endangered.
Well if you're applying logic and reasoning, by the 4IV chain guarantees, you already got a huge mountain of dead bodies.
With the amount of dittos I brutally beat down I'm not surprised the one I caught popped up then AHAHA
Its survival of the fittest, you beat up the weak ones until you are left with only the strong
I spent almost 4 hours yesterday chaining for a Shiny Riolu.. I killed 16 Chanseys in the process. I never saw the shiny, and I finally ran out of PP and PP restore items. Never chaining again. 
gr8 theory m8 
Just positive, spread it to everything people love it you can get good trades. It passes to any adjacent pokemon in your active party
Yup its really useful to have, I haven't gotten it yet, but essentially it doubles the EV's that beating wild pokemon give.  If you never worry about EV you probably won't notice a difference.

The other thing is after a few days of being in your party the virus will become dormant. Generally people just make sure to have at least one pokemon with the active virus in their pc for causing future outbreaks. Hope that helps! :) 
That's really good!! I really want a pokerus pokemon myself! Would you want to trade some random pokemon with pokerus for me? Id be soo grateful!
Nothing but a good thing.

Spread it to your entire box and make sure you keep at least ONE pokemon in the box infected at all times.

Pokemon that are in your party will become immune after a few days, they will still have the benefit of the virus, but they cannot spread it to anyone else.

That's why it's a good idea to keep a few in the box to spread it to newer Pokemon when you get them.

Also a pokemon that has pokerus when bred will also pass down pokerus.

If you get into EV Training, it's really usefull because it doubles every EV given through a pokemon.

If you just play casual it's still helpfull because it will make your pokemon stronger "faster".

You can read about it very thoroughly here: http://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Pok%C3%A9rus
Lucky man. I got pokerua as well.  My second time ever. It's actually rarer than a shiny (still haven't got a shiny in my life). It's really good for getting your Pokemon strong stats.  If you learn about EVs (if u havent already) you will see how good it is. 
Thanks for the comments yall! 

If anyone would like a pokemon with pokerus just message me and I'll give you one (it's going to be a low/weak/common one, but it'll have the virus) and I don't care what I get back! Don't know my friend code but message me yours and I'll add you later tonight 
Spread that shit its a blessing from god.
Australia.  You've got the Outback, Jungle, plains, Oceans (Great Barrier Reef).  It also has Australian Aboriginal myths you could create legendary pokemon after.  Tons of pokemon could be based off of the animals that live there.  It's the perfect spot to base a Pokemon game off of.
San Francisco
Peru / Chile, Scandinavia, India
I'd like to see the UK. We've had France, I wanna see a really industrial style UK region with cute little hamlets and Mareep everywhere.
Russia! 
China and India would both be fun, except only a part of either country, the same way they did New York instead of America
More European Countries. Italy, Germany, Netherlands, you name it.

Lorewise there's over 1000 years of impacting human history there and it would work from a general standpoint.
Texas "Howdy y'all wanna battle "
Hold on, it has a face? I'm dying. Thats ridiculous hahaha
Try holding the stylus to the top of the screen to make it move up?
I had the same problem on gyrados. Just hold the stylus on the top and center of the screen and it'll scroll up to the top.
I figured out opening the bean menu pans up to it's face.
Not an answer to the question, but Crasher Wake is from Sinnoh.
Considering our dad is missing, it would be really cool if Hau was your secret half brother, but that goes out of the window if you make the PC white.
BROCK OF KANTO

Probably not. He may be a potential future character though, although given the dad situation in Pokémon, maybe not
It won't be anyone we've seen before, as none of those characters you've listed are in any way Alolan.
should be 7
The scene when you infiltrate Aether and see her secret room with frozen pokemon is insane. She's a fucking psycho and I love it
Game freak just made the characters in SunMoon so alive. 
+has waifu potential
They put real effort into making the character roster memorable this time round.
I just wish they had explored it a bit more. you don't learn her backstory until post game, and even then her going insane over her husband's disappearance doesn't really explain why she sees Ultra Beasts as Beautiful and wants to protect them. If anything, she should want to destroy them and their world out of revenge.
Honestly with all the shit they pull, a little bit of restriction by a trainer isn't too bad. Lele can't kill people/make them kill each other for fun and bulu can't smash villages when he gets pissed off. They can still fulfill their job under your command, but they can't be as much jerkass gods with you on the leash.

But maybe in the future the PC releases them anyway i dunno.
Well, you become the strongest trainer in the region. Plus, the last Ultra Beasts are in captivity, the Alola region is at peace.

Unless you haven't caught them yet, that is.
Some other kid is running around with the God of space/time in their pocket. We never know when something might happen and the world as we know it ceases to exist.

YOLO
Kind of.  But as the champ, you're basically defender of the islands now.   It's not a weird thought though.
Some people have pointed out that they may still be free to roam after they are sent to Poké Pelago.
I've had the idea that it might be like the Eon Flute in ORAS where Latios or Latias just come whenever summoned and you don't even need to have them in your pc. Maybe the Tapus just have a way to travel back to Alola whenever they are needed like the Latis. I mean Tapu Koko is on the scene immediately whenever something goes down in the story and he needs to make an appearance.
* Dark Pulse, Thunderbolt, Power Gem, Nasty Plot: Fur Coat

* Fake Out, Snarl, Hidden Power, Nasty Plot: Technician

For competitive? I think Z-Parting Shot is his best set
What happened to your event Munchlax? D:
Friday night I was Wonder Trading ,  I sent out the last Pokémon before I was going to turn it off and I get a freaking Litten. I'm still early on so I haven't even caught to many Pokémon either. I check its summary and see that it's an Adamant Nature and it's a female. I was ecstatic 
Dont worry most UBs can be caught in beast balls when at full health.  That was 85% of my ubs
I always try to send out nice pokemon people would want when I'm breeding them. Sent out several boxes of Biloxi with Moon Blast and Extrasensory recently, as well as some Honedges. 
I was pretty happy when I got a female level 1 Vulpix while I was still on the second island. 

My gf was at work so I bred her one and traded it to her so when she got home she was surprised and stoked.
If you're going to self promote on this subreddit: don't self promote shitty videos. 
How can anyone belive this is real....
Hey look! That YouTuber shares the same name as you, UberJin! I wonder 'effing why...
it's just NTR man... basic haxx.
You're reading into it as if there is a canonical story behind it.  It's a glitch and that's all it is.
Pichu is caught in the first city. Mimikyu in the supermarket
I like to teach it stockpile, rest, belly drum, and an attack move.

Stockpile is level 28. 
[Look for the pre evolution moves at the bottom.](http://www.serebii.net/pokedex-sm/143.shtml) If you see anything you want, wait for that level.
wat
I wish people would read what they type before hitting "submit."
i wish Guzma was one of the challengers :( I'd like to face him again bug v bug.
I'm not sure if you know about this but there is a post-game fight against him. Head to his house on Rt. 2, it's the one with the trophies in the bedroom. It doesn't seem he can challenge the league though, which is disappointing. It's a challenge that would make a lot of sense.

Also, Alder is a Bug-type champion. Like Steven and Lance (lol), half of his team is Bug-type: Accelgor, Escavalier, and Volcarona. 
My rationale when catching it was to go for Timid. It still needs to outspeed various threats in its speed tier, and it can be bulky without Calm because of its stat spread. Tapu Lele is a better Modest sweeper, anyway, and Timid allows for the most role variety, since Calm/Bold are only for tank support, and the Tapus in general are better as offensive supports because they have no reliable healing and their auras require regular switching.   

None of those four natures are bad, of course. But you should strive for wide applicability for in-game legendaries and leave niche sets for Showdown. 
I was initially thinking of a toxic stall build, but Fini's ability completely rules that out.  Here's what I'm shooting for:   
Tapu Fini@Leftovers  
Nature: Calm  
EVs: 252hp, 160Def, 40Sp.d, 58Spe  
Moves:  
Nature's Madness  
Whirlpool (does 1/8th per tick now)  
Protect  
Hidden Power(Ground) / Moonblast / Scald  

So basically stall build.  That EV spread on defenses ends up equalizing them if the IV's are the same.  Open with Whirlpool to trap them, then Protect for heal and dmg tick, then chip them down with attacks.  HP ground is for poison and steel threats as well as electrics.  Whirlpool, Protect, Natures Madness, Protect... they're probably dead at that point.
How exactly do you ''choose'' Nature with legendaries since you can't breed ? Just catch it check the nature and reload if it's not it ?
all non breedable legendary pokémon now are required to have at least 3 perfect ivs 
3 of any special encounter are guaranteed 31's, so (1/32)^3

Edit: 32 not 31, typo in Calc.
That's insane, congrats
Those chances are low, but to get perfect IV's **AND** a Jolly Nature?  I want some of that damn luck.  TEACH ME
hmmm, this oughta be nice, mathy thread about how many soft resets this guy has to do to---

**OH HELL**
Better question, whats the nature, cause Bottlecaps can fix poor IVs
smh why didnt you SR it's not a shiny

also nice work :\^]
yeah the ultra beasts have a high rate for perfect IVs, also my solgaleo has nearly perfect IVs and my Katana
How are you guys checking IVs? :O 
The Nihilego I got was nearly perfect. Not perfect, but nearly. Everything should be at least above 27 lol
talk about a buff mosquito
and here I was thinking that my near-perfect Jolly Kartana and Adamant Buzzwole were pretty damn good. Grats!

http://imgur.com/qLzU9Nw

http://imgur.com/wqlmQEz


How do you get to view your IV's like this?!
That ub is straight out the hood
I'm close to yours, except it only has "very good" on special attack and special defense. Everything else is "best". Mine is adamant though :^)
How you check the ivs?
pretty sure they're made to have high IV values.
All my UB have pretty high IVs, buzzwole almost perfect.
Yours is better though.
My Nihilego was Modest Nature and had 4IVs: HP, Sp. Atk, Def, & Speed. 

And that was on my very first encounter with it. Her name is Aika and she is a beast in battles. :'D
You lucky bastard..
I've got Pokemon Sun and see all these 'perfect IV' posts, but i'm a total noob and where I understand sort of what they are, where do i see the screen in the screenshot?
can you actually use ultra beasts in the battle tree/ranked online? I hope not or the meta will be obvious.. havent got that far yet
two words
not worth

Sassy nature, release and keep restarting.
How do you reach this screen instead of the one that gives the numbers?
You need to name it "BuzzSWOLE" now
Its shiny, pls it's just cheated
Perfect IV's in the wild is around 1 in 107,3 74,182.
Which is why, it's more likely that a perfect IV pokemon that can not breed is hacked.
How to fix it? easy. Do the same other games do with power / number creep. Squish 'em, Speed nerfs across the board to even the playing field again.
The main problem I see is low Speed Pokemon being paired with weaker, or more easily exploitable defenses. Being slow itslef isn't a death sentence, but not being able to take a hit and retaliate in kind is a kiss of death for Pokemon viability. Look at my homeboy Aegislash for an example of a Pokemon that does bulk right; he can tank multiple hits, even super effective hits, and slam back even harder with STAB Shadow Ball/Flash Cannon. In a meta game filled with speed demons, Aegislash was banned for being too powerful and over-centralizing the entire OU meta.

With Vikavolt, his 77/90/75 defensive spread is extremely lackluster for having such a low Speed, which means that even neutral attacks can be threatening towards him. He only has two weaknesses, but those weaknesses are common Fire-/Rock-type attacks, and he only has four resistances and one pseudo-immunity. He simply can't survive long enough to make any use of that massive 145 SPA.

But imagine if he got a boost to his defenses. At only 500 base, he certainly could use it; a plus 20+ to his HP and SPD for a 97/90/95 defensive spread totaling 540 BS would make him more tolerable to use.

A Pokemon's HP is meant to be the foil to their SPE. Take two Pokemon with 100 ATK/DEF/SPA/SPD, but one has higher HP while the other has higher SPE. In theory, the Pokemon with higher SPE will have the initial advantage of going first, but the second Pokemon is more likely to survive due to higher HP and punch back harder against the opposing Pokemon with lesser HP.

All of these big Ultra Beasts, with the exception of Guzzlord, are tailored towards offensive power, what with high SPE and ATK/SPA, but the number of powerful defensive options to keep them in check is practically non-existent in comparison. It's a shock to nobody that a meta game filled with fast, hard hitting Pokemon with no defensive checks would end up dominating.

Also realize that legendary Pokemon, Ultra Beasts and island guardians alike, are designed to be outliers in excessive power. Wait for them to be give their one-way ticket to Ubersville, then see where the meta game falls. 

Despite the game's SPE power creeping, don't forget how Pokemon like Aegislash, Heatran, Landorus-Therian, Clefable, Mega-Venusaur, Mega-Sableye, etc. were centralizing forces in the meta game.
Well competitivey speaking, only Alolan Dex Pokemon can be used. So they don't actually have that many fast things they need to beat. The fastest thing I can think of that's pre- Gen 7 is Crobat at 130, and that's not too hard to beat with the prevalence of Ice/Rock/Psychic typings, 2 of which get priority moves that can hit pretty hard coming off certain things.

It feels different than most gens before, but they just wanted to even out the VGC meta. Trick Room sets are slightly easier to run in doubles
I think the biggest problem actually is that pokemon just will not survive more than one or two unresisted attacks (which is only amplified with Z-moves)

Take things like Aegislash, Tyranitar, and Chansey for example. Its okay for these to be outsped by other pokemon if you can survive plenty of attacks and get a chance to contribute towards the fight.

But I can expect a lot of pokemon to be KO'd before they can ever  attack, which makes them completely useless. 

I'll also note that the fragility of pokemon makes even a lot of fast pokemon useless, see Ninjask and Electrode for well established examples. Sure, they can outspeed most competitive pokemon. But we can't expect them to be able to do anything notable in a fight before dropping. Back in Gen 3, Ninjask was actually plenty viable to provide utility to a team by passing speed and sometimes attack around. That's just not been true for generations now though.

Because of the offensive creep, a fast pokemon with no attack and no defenses might as well be a medium to slow pokemon with average enough defenses to take a single resisted hit -- it amounts to the same "I get maybe one attack and that's it" problem that makes a lot of pokemon not viable.
Half of the issue is that the effect moves like Encore, Disable, and Taunt end at the end of a "round" in pokemon (everyone's had their turn) instead of at the end of the inflictor's turn or beginning of the target's turn like the Confusion status. Because they offer so much control over your opponent, being fast with them is critical.

Look how Sleep worked in Gen 1. You woke up at the end of the round, which meant that a faster pokemon that put you to sleep in the first place could do so again immediately and you wouldn't have a chance to do anything.

Look at it now. You wake up at the start of your turn, so you know that if your enemy is faster, they will have to wait until THEIR next turn to have the opportunity to put you to sleep again. You're given at least one free turn to do something without worrying about sleep. If Encore, Disable, Taunt, and similar moves functioned like this, speed would be less important of a stat. It's a very subtle, but very powerful difference in the implementation of the battle system.

Personally, if things were up to me, I'd nix the speed stat entirely and have move priorities alone determine turn order. In the case of ties, the one with more PP remaining wins out. In the case of even PP, the player with fewer remaining pokemon will go first (just to foster comebacks), and if both players have the same number left, I'll begrudgingly let it be randomly-determined. Unfortunately, we have a system where Nature of a pokemon is for some bizarre reason coupled to their performance in battle. I mean I've known timid people who are strong as hell, it makes no sense. eliminating or even splitting the speed stat means giving new natures to a bunch of pokemon.
I think if Tapu Lele got an automatic Trick Room up, it would immediately be a force, setting up for the speed losers like Crabrawler and Vikavolt. 
That zipper always makes me laugh. 
I love the story behind it, with Null slashing his hoodie when training. Probably not remembering it right, but it was pretty cute.
I want a pyukumuku hat, that thing is dope.
I'd love the Zygarde snap back that is in the game, and I usually don't like wearing that style hat.
Agreed, that would be a nice point, and it'd bring some fairness and challenge to what are supposed to be the balanced and callenging battles of the game.
I'm actually pretty sure this mechanic IS in the game, at least slightly. I've had several pokemon be left with a tiny sliver of health when I was pretty sure they should have been knocked out. I don't know if the full aspect is there, but I do think they at least resist being knocked out sometimes. 
I think ash is going to face the sun and moon character who is the champion at the pokemon league
Screw that, gimme anime version Nanu/Gladion/Acerola.
You can already see iv/ev ingame. IV checker is available through pc after beating elite 4.
Got a Jolly Gible that knows Outrage. Professional team, here I come!
Don't you mean Abra Trade
Got a Rowlet in my first few trades. Now that I'm giving out loads of Rowlets in return, I'm just getting trash pokes from people like you
LEVEL 3 RATTATA WOOH!
Got a Chinese Pheremosa, with a bad nature and terrible IVs. Hope they are happy with the 5 IV Grubbin I gave them.
So far i got a Adamant Moon Ball Mimikyu, Pokerus Ratatta, Level 100 Smeargle, Shiny Rowlet, and a bunch of pokedex fillers. I've been giving out Starters, Togedemaru, Luxury Ball Rockruffs, and Komala. (I really believe in Wondertrade Karma) 

But my biggest score (and HOPEFULLY legit) was on GTS. I put in a lvl 1 Togedemaru, and in return I got a Shiny Type: Null. These early days are when people are desperate for pokedex fillers so i figured I'd try my luck and wow... Did i get lucky... 
The best thing I've gotten so far is a vulpix caught with a beast ball.  But I did manage to get a rowlet on the gts and bred it with a ditto to get a shiny rowlet.
Beast Ball Dratini and Beldum. Made a killing on the GTS.
Got a shiny hakamo-o with adamant nature and a life orb.
Her smash is that she puts Nebby in the bag and it stays there for the entire match
NEBBY, INTHEFUCKINBAG NOW
"Nebby, use Splash!"

"...Pew?"
wow, for how quickly this came out, I'm impressed
I'll admit, this is a pretty cute mod. It's pretty surprising how well Luma's animations fit Cosmog. If I knew how to use SSB4 mods, I would definitely try this one out.
I like the Skullgirls announcer. 
Her expression is as blank as my OC
I need an Lusabae Skin for Bayonetta. Right. Now.
Jesus, she's tall.  I knew something was off about her ingame when she was suddenly bigger than my character.  Turns out Lillie's 7'3".
7 foot tall Lillie is terrifying 
How do I use this? I tried downloading it using the patch file and an sd card, but after following every step it still didn't work :(
SPOILER Another one that I find hillarious is riding Mudsdale when you arrive at the Ground Kahuna's home and right before the ruins. Her Mudsdale is the one you're riding, but it's still there.
Tbh I'm not complaining because some of these transitions are long af
. . .

**coughs blood**
Gengar: *Should you feel yourself attacked by a sudden chill, it is evidence of an approaching Gengar. There is no escaping it. Give up.*
Shedinja: *A discarded bug shell that came to life. Peering into the crack on its back is said to steal one's spirit.*

Breloom: *The seeds ringing Breloom's tail are made of hardened toxic spores. It is horrible to eat the seeds. Just taking a bite of this Pokémon's seed will cause your stomach to rumble.*
 
Pokedex giving advice on which parts of the pokémon aren´t edible. In case you still wonder wether people eat pokes in-universe.
This would be better posted in [/r/Wondertrade](https://www.reddit.com/r/WonderTrade/)
Some berries will reduce specific EVs (and increase happiness). You can feed these to a Pokemon to reduce its EVs to 0 in a stat.

In XY and ORAS you could get these bags through Super Training to reduce all EVs to 0, but I have not found anything similar in SM yet.
I think SM has a meal that does it. Don't know details though
There are only 2 ways that i know of. In Festival Plaza if you have the right restaurant you can feed your pokemon certain meals to reset specific EVs or you can feed them specific berries that reduce the EVs by 10 per berry fed.
Why would you specifically want Naive?  
Find details of SOS chaining [here.](http://pastebin.com/28mMAJhh)
1. No, 50%
2. No sync for you
3. Yes.
3. Probably depends on what you're gonna chain.
- 50%.                         
- New targets will have random nature, but chain continues, if you switch in and then a new target appears, nature will be 50% of sync user.
- Yes.            
- Depends on what you are chaining. I could suggest Calm Mind and a special type attack that is super effective vs the target (+ % SOS)            
First world problems.

Can't burn my opponent because my Pokemon loves me too much and keeps dodging attacks to impress me. What an asshole!
Round 2 with new team.
Nuzlocking this game was not fun for me 
I love the Lapras drift so much, its incredibly fun. I found it during Lana's trial forever ago, and I just sorta turned to my friend and intensely said *"New hidden speedrunning tech discovered"* and he lost it while I aimlessly paddled in circles.
I found this out pretty early and spent a solid 15 minutes doing it during lana's trial! It's way too fun!
I find sharpedo funner to ride
I thought I was the only onw
I just found this out last night while surfing Poni Wilds for a wild Lapras, coincidentally
this is actually my favorite thing to spam. it lokks like swimming backwards when you spam it lol
Alternatively put it in the hot springs at pokepelago 
If you ask me, the term Aura and the Aura Break ability in general should be reworked. We got several Aura moves that all are categorized as "wave" attacks, an ability that boosts them(Mega Launcher) that the Aura pokemon Lucario does NOT get(would have been so very fitting and potentially less broken on Mega Lucario).

And we have Aura Break, a pretty much useless ability 90% of the time, because Zygarde doesn't stand up to the only 2 mons affected by it.

I *do* realize they are different terms in Japanese, but at this point, streamlining it a bit more would be nice, especially when it'd make useless stuff useful and tidy up a pool of systems(we have so many hidden attributes on moves now, and Mega Launcher's property is by far the most elusive)
Aura break should stop Z moves and megas by "breaking" the auras.
Is Kommo-o the only Totem Pokemon left after you get Zygarde?
When I was in the dragon trial

The Totem Pokemon's aura flared to life!

Zygarde's Aura Break

Komm-o's Sp. Def was increased!

Me --> Dumbfounded.
Same thing with the totem aura
I agree

But Gamefreak don't give a FUCK
I feel like it might be a bit game-breaking, since there's not much of a reason why you wouldn't have 10 cells by the time you're done with the Totem Pokemon (unless you specifically avoid getting the cells). So I mean, if 10% Zygarde did Topsy-Turvy the Totem boosts, then it WOULD increase Zygarde's usability, but it would also detract from the challenge of the Totems. So maybe it was an oversight, but I feel like it was purposefully left as is to keep the game balanced. Though I do think that Zygarde should be given some buffs to make it more... consistent with all the hype it gets.
Totems can summon aid while under status. Reasonable rules don't apply to them.
It's much easier to just have a few 4IV dittos which cover all the stats. 6IV dittos are extremely rare and almost impossible to get legitimately.
Hacked dittos is obviously what you're looking for. :/ Don't lose hope. I got 6iv growlithe without ditto.
S.O.S 50+ Capture
There was a [giveaway](https://www.reddit.com/r/PokemonCreate/comments/5fdz6t/shiny_31_iv_adamantjolly_dittos/) that you can get a 6IV ditto from. You can try that, but the Dittos are genned.
it just speeds on the normal process for a set amount of time depending on how many beans you out in. I.E. it will speed up berry growth or time it takes for a pokemon to finish an expedition. on the main island, the beans in the basket will make wild pokemon spawn
You get a bunch of items when the timer finishes. And they basically speed up the timer. Say you have 12 hours left, and you put 5 hours worth of beans, by the time the beans run out you'll only have 2 hours left.
B2W2. I personally thought PokeStar was a lot of fun, just manipulating each of the scenarios and seeing the box office performances continue to escalate; White Tree Hollow/Battle Skyscraper was a weird, fun challenge for my actual in-game team; and of course PWT was just stellar, encountering all of my favourite leaders/Champions again and hearing the remixed songs made every run a thrill. As the last sprite based game, GF really made the most of it and put in a lot that would be take up much longer in 3D. 

Even ignoring the facilities, I like whenever there are new parts of the region to explore. In B2W2's case it was a bit different as we'd actually already explored those parts of the region in the prior release, so instead it was about seeing what had changed.

I've never really personally considered GSC/HGSS' Kanto as part of the "post-game." I know it's after the credits but it felt like something that was part of the main experience anyways, something they always intended as part of the "main package." The game only actually felt completed once all Kantonian badges were obtained, especially when you consider the levels and the distribution of new Pokemon. Then the post-game is anything else left to explore, like the Battle Tower in Crystal and of course fighting Red.
I loved gen 4s. In platinum you had to hunt down the rest of the legends as well as were given an entire new island and mountain to explore. In HGSS you of course got to go to another region. BW2's post game is a favourite of mines as well. Mainly for pwp though.
I have a long history of dropping my playthroughs after the E4. I always say that i'll come back to it... but guess not. I remember playing Gen 4's post game the most because of multiplayer. Gen 5 is when the games dropped off in popularity in my circle, and I played BW2 just before XY's release so I haven't exactly finished the post-game just yet. However, I do hear that the PWT is worth playing the post-game for that alone.
Probably BW2 with PWT or ORAS with Dex Nav and secret bases.

I didn't much like the GSC (and to a slightly lesser extent HGSS) post game. A mini Kanto with gyms that were lower level than the Champion didn't make up for the short main story.
I really liked post-e4 FR/LG, it was super cool. Enjoyed the fact that there was still a continuation of the Team Rocket storyline, and I remember as a kid spending hours (or so it seemed) translating all of the braille in the ruins and such. Post-e4 is also when islands 4-7 became available, and through those, things like breeding and [lady Selphy's](http://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Selphy) challenges
Shallow as it was, simply by virtue of the mechanics used (as well as my own ignorance) at the time, Gen 1.

Chasing shinies, stat-fixation, soft-resetting in pursuit the prior two, and so forth does not a good time make. :-(
Nope
Nope, Sun/Moon moved away from mega evolutions in favor of Z moves. In fact, all the mega stones ingame are all in post game and out of the way.
Think they'll add more in Pokémon stars?
Unfortunately not, it's another abandoned idea GF had
> I've got a space train ticket


Space train? Man, sign me the heck up! 


On a serious note, I'd really love to take you up on this offer, but since I don't even live in England I'm afraid it'd burn too deep of a hole in my pocket, lol.


Hope you find someone to go with you!    
Here's a link for more information about the show. It's on at 7pm Monday 19th December at the Apollo in Hammersmith London.

http://www.eventimapollo.com/events/detail/pokemon-symphonic-evolutions-1

hey if this is still available i may be interested
Magicarp's Sun Pokedex entry:
>Although weak and helpless, this Pokémon is incredibly fertile. They exist in such multitudes, you’ll soon grow tired of seeing them.

is quite accurate actually

Its garbage, but you can cheat on the hard ones. Find ripple in the area you are hunting. Save in front of it. Cast. If you get an item or magikarp SR. The bubble will be there on reload. ALSO, bubbles have 20% chance for some rarer mon.
Eh. Different rod types for different rarities never really made much sense in my opinion. Your gym badges and the location in which you fish, but not really the rod type.

"Bait" and "lures" might be good for manipulating the tables behind the scenes, but multiple clones of a key item is kinda wasted code, IMO. Especially if the rods outclass each other.
I actually prefer this fishing. I made 150k in about 20 minutes while also filling 6 dex entries!
I thought they were pretty redundant, to be honest.

Old Rod - Magikarps

Good Rod - Goldeen

Super Rod - Thank god I can finally get good pokemon now, I will now bother to fish.

Sun Moon oversimplifies it a bit too much but at least you don't have to check fishing tables for every single route with water on it.
Was fishing for a Corsola, got so tired of seeing Magikarp until a shiny popped on my screen :D
I mean to be fair, THAT is probably why they got rid of rod types, nobody uses them, and with good reason, and considering you don't NEED water pokemon to surf anymore (heck you get the ability to surf before you get the rod) then there was absolutely no point in adding them.
I spent an hour looking for a Sharpedo, another 4 hours sos chaining for a speed boost one, didn't get it. 
Mate bubbling is the key. In found a shiny shellder
Problem with the old way is that once you got the Super Rod the other 2 became useless
Possibly a future DLC? I would be so happy if it was but I don't think Pokemon has ever done DLC before.

I heard someone (probably on this subreddit) mention a theory that the next game would be a sequel set in the same region and those spots will be gyms, pretty sure it was just speculation though.
Yeah. Empty spots.
Wasn't that a graveyard?
It was just people getting overexcited about nothing.

Some of the lots genuinely are weird and seem like something will or should have been built there. Others were legit ruins, like in Tapu Village and Route 14.

I think the main thing to take away here is, like we've seen many times in the past, just because there's something somewhat odd in a Pokemon game, it doesn't necessarily have to *mean* anything. Sometimes developers just put things in games that don't go anywhere. It happens.
This has always been the case. 
They should give a warning if you try and toss an item that has only one available.
also dont waste your red card!! this is probably best combod with mimkyu as you can beat out your opponent in the mirror and get your swords dances woth this. it just perfectly counters any mirror or weakness battle!!
One thing you forgot: Ariados can lower speed using Toxic Thread as well.

Great guide though. Very useful.
Nice job! Just one thing - it's impossible to get normal Raichu and Exeguttor in VGC at the moment, because any Pikachu that evolves in the Alola evolves into the Alolan form (unless I totally missed some piece of information recently). 
Are island scan Pokemons banned, even though you can catch them legally?
I appreciate you. 
If I'm not mistaken, Araquanid learns Spider Web which also lowers speed
What about pokemon with flame charge to boost speed such as A-Marowak?
This wonderfully proves that the only reasons to make Pheromosa have a +Speed nature are to:

* Outspeed other Pheromosa.

* Do slightly better after speed impairment or an opponent's Tailwind.

This therefore allows you to use a +Attack or +SpA nature and exploit Beast Boost for an offense bonus each time you make a faint.  This can *really* snowball into an unstoppable force because of the natural Speed.
Sorry for the stupid comment, but what exactly is "VGC"?
Great post!
Ty i was looking for something like this :3 , one question, standard raichu is legal in vgc?
Why isn't stun spore considered a paralyze move?
Beartic also has access to Slush Rush :)
[deleted]
Pokémon can get dark at times, but the tone you're describing is not within the nature of the franchise.
This could make for a really great spin off! 
Seems a bit un-Pokemon. It is ultimately a game kids play. Though there are definitely some dark parts in all the games for some reason. Dating all the way back to you killing Blue's Rattata. 
I'm not too sure about the whole "Every Region's landscape is now burned away or changed dramatically" part, sounds like a bit too much to me. Having the stakes be less world ending was a nice change of pace in my opinion, as the UBs didn't have the direct destructive power of the usual box legendary, and more a massive potential for destruction.  
  
I'll admit I'm not a fan of the idea of a soft reboot, but if they were to do it, they could do it differently. We've already seen that there are alternate universes, why not drop into one that had something like this happen in the past, making the current world alot closer to Orre from Colliseum?  
  
This seems a bit dark for the sake of being dark, which isn't bad, per se, but Pokemon has always been more about insinuating the really bad things, rather than outright saying them. I was actually caught off guard when Lillie said the word "die" as it very rarely shows up in dialog in these games.  
  
So, really, it could work very well for a spin off/side game, but for a mainline game, I'm not so sure.
It's a really neat idea and I wouldn't mind playing that but as many people have already said, that isn't in the spirit of Pokemon nor appropriate for a children's game. Post-apocalyptic world is pretty dark for children. You need to gloss over messy details as much as possible really in order to keep it light enough for children. Even with Lysandre's kill all humans plot, the details were so light and the delivery was so rushed that if you were a child you would never really take the time to process all that was going on. Additionally the evil team's plot was never the major focus of the game, it was always on your quest to catch Pokemon and get stronger with your team. Usually the evil team's plot isn't important until the end and before hand just involves skirmishes here and there. What you're suggesting is quite different and puts the focus on fighting evil instead of having a responsibility free adventure.
I'm doing those missions now (takes me longer that should 'cause SR for natures) but this is what I understand.
UBs are not a destructive force by choice, they are a more instinct and feral kind of creature, because they were wormholed to this region against their will they are afraid and trying to defend themselfs.
Also what you said about changing the landscape... they technically did, not in our game, but from the UBs come from. Read the Dex entries, Building cut in half, forest burned down, mountains and oceans gone, nourotoxins making everyone more aggresive. That didn't happened here, so why does the Dex say it? They did it in the other Universe, the Pre Gen6 one where they didn't have Megas nor Z to defend themselfs, the one where the Fallers come from.

SM was not the reboot we were expecting, nor will be the next game. XY was, and ORAS and SM have been telling us that.
If you want a darker tone, play Pokemon colosseum/XD

Or a fan game
Great find! I also now know more about Bagon.
Salamance also learns Fly when it evolves from Shelgon at lvl 50. I thought that was a nice touch.
It's the small things that we all freak the fuck out about
Take my upvote 
That's cute. Watching bunch of Bagon jump off a cliff... wait...
i searched for 2h to get Bagon and another 1h for getting it to call Salamence. Was a nice fight and now i am proud to have it :)

Thanks for this nice detail!
Maybe one day I'll find out how to even get into the bay. 
Brruuhhhh...
I think SuMo has the absolute most lore+game integration with things like that, Mareanie, and others that I forgot off the top of my head.
I'm glad to see both you and gamefreak share my love of Salamence
I love how some dex entries can be interesting and jaw dropping! Have all my Suns!
Yeah I noticed that when I got Lapras. I was exploring that area and my first encounter was Bagon. I was thinking, "Isn't that supposed to be extremely rare?"
Sssshhhheeeiiittttt, that's a nice find.

Now i'll wait for someone to find out why murderbird Toucannon is so grumpy.
I have no idea how to even get to the bay. I've completed the story and some of the post game but have no idea how to get to it lol 
Also, "BAY-GONE" in the "BAY..." No takers?
Another interesting fact I stumbled upon is that Salamence is rather tiny, compared to other dragons. Dragonite is roughly 50 % taller (2.2m vs 1.5m) and weights more than double (210.0 kg vs 102.6 kg).
wow
Just curious - is it beneficial to actually have the salamance that early at level 10 or should you train your bagon up?
I just spent 5 hours chaining to get a Salamance in the bay...
Gen 3. Route 3.
thats wicked cool, love small details like this
Thank you
Noticed the same today while hunting for salamance 
I sos chained for like three hours and kept getting shelgon I was like wtff
I noticed this too. It made me smile once I figured it out.
I thought you were eventually going to elude to Bay-dragon, Bagon.
I noticed this too and mentioned it to my sister! This game has so much attention to detail put into it.
Apparently said Bagon can SOS call wild level 10 Salamence
Take all my upvotes, super awesome find!
Man it's these little things that have got me addicted the most to any Pokemon game since like, probably my first playthrough on Red.
Little details like that are what, in my opinion, separate great games from good games. And these new Pokemon are absolutely full of those. 
Someone is following Pokemon Trash on FB and reposts for upvotes :D 
He found a suit that turned him into a super-hero, but unfortunately, he lost the instruction manual for said suit. He proceeded to spend the next several seasons blundering his way into saving the Earth on multiple occasions, all the while trying to juggle his personal life with his newfound super-hero responsibilities!
??
I haven't had too much trouble in the Battle Tree yet. I comfortably made it to 43 today and lost due to a personal error. As long as you have a team that covers each other's weaknesses and they all have individual strengths then you should be alright.
Yes! Well, I had horrible luck at the Hax Maison, Hax Frontier (All and including the Towers), and Hax Subway too.

For a recent hax tree super double run, my Alolan Raichu missed all the focus blasts against a mega steelix that would have otherwise continued my streak at 36 (Yes, NPCs now have access to megas).
That was just a error in the translation. 
They're all Pokemon.
They're fans of the masked royal
They never had anything in common.
It was a mistranslation. Rockruff has seperate evolutions as it's secret. While the starters have Z-Moves as their secret.
The same parent ditto from those awful pokebreeders
Go look up shiny Garchomp. Nearly identical.
Alolan Vulpix is dang near the same.
As a colorblind person, damn near half of the shinies are near identical. Or at least, close enough that I can only tell the difference if they're standing next to each other. Sometimes it's even weirder. Like, I can tell those two Pikachus are different colors, but damned if I know which one is the shiny.
I almost released one from my box on OR, only because I knew it didn't have perfect IVs. I didn't notice the slight shade of blue and only barely seen the red star
Shiny Wishiwashi's tiny form's only difference is yellow eyes and A very slight yellow tint. Now, the Big wishiwashi has Bright yellow eyes, but thats the only difference
Oh goodness no. The last thing we need is another Gen 1 remake.
That was the initial purpose. But now they're just to capitalize on the nostalgia money. There's literally no reason to remake kanto, especially when kanto has been a playable region in four generations straight. If they were to revisit it, they would need to make it drastically different for it to be worth revisiting.
Gen 1 is on the 3DS VC as well.
When sun and moon was released my first thought was "only a few more years till sinnoh remakes". However after playing sun/moon I would rather have a red/blue 2. With seeing blue and red older it would be really awesome to see what changes might have happened in that time. Also with Lillies' departure at the end of the game to kanto I feel like they could tie it into the game. Maybe after we finished everything in the alolan region we grew discontent; and decide we should go explore more. So we go to kanto to conquer that region too. We meet lillie on the way blah blah blah ect ect ect. 
I think that the next time we see Kanto it will be on the Switch--that's why there has been so much Gen 1 ''pandering'' for the past few games. I think that the remakes for this gen will be Sinnoh. They'll finish up the Type:Null/Ultra Beast story line and will be the last games on the 3ds. The Kanto remakes/sequels will be drastically different from any other Pokémon game before it--maybe even using a new game engine, an open world and/or an new art style. Following the Kanto remakes, generation 8 and onward will use the Kanto remake engine and art style--making Kanto the generation 1 of a new way to experience Pokémon. Kanto was the smallest most "simple" region because it wast the first. To remake it on the 3ds wouldn't really change that. However, if you put even the smallest, most simple region on the Switch and make it shine with new innovations, Kanto can potentially become a new, fresh experience.
They could always surprise us with no remake. ....


...
.

I feel like DPP wasn't that long ago. 
I'm actually thinking there won't even be a gen 7 remake. Notice there wasn't a gen 5 remake. I think they save the remakes for actually hardware upgrades, which is why there was a gen 4 remake, but the second DS gen didn't have one. I expect this to be the situation for the 3DS as well.

That being said I would much rather have gen 4 be remade instead of another gen 1 remake. Gen 4 was the first gen I ever played and I would love to see it in made again from the ground up in 3d with modern mechanics.
Those are "EVs" and you get them from battle (as always) as well as from PokéPelago and Festival Plaza bouncy houses and some restaurants.
You didn't train base stats. You just misunderstood what super training did. Probably not your fault, pokemon is so damn obtuse
/r/pokemontrades
Well, the teams would probably be as follows 
  
Cynthia  
LV 50 Spiritomb  
LV 50 Roserade  
LV 50 Togekiss  
LV 50 Lucario  
LV 50 Milotic  
LV 50 Garchomp  
  
  
**SPOILERS BELOW**  
  

Lusamine  
LV 50 Clefable  
LV 50 Milotic  
LV 50 Mismagius  
LV 50 Bewear  
LV 50 Lilligant  
  
Basically, Lusamine is screwed, as she is 1 pokemon than the lowest power team Cynthia has been shown with, **AND** Cynthia has solid coverage and counters to most of Lusamine's team. Lucario can deal with Bewear, Roserade takes out Milotic, Spiritomb womps Mismagius, Garchomp or Lucario take out Clefable, Lilligant gets swept by Togekiss.  
  
Even if Guzma came in to help, Togetic could sweep his bugs no problem.  
  
Lusamine may be tough, but there is a reason Cyntha is the Sinnoh Champion.  
  
**EDIT**: When levels are taken into account, Cynthia also out levels Lusamine by 8-12 levels.
Dat cynthia nerf though. You chopped off a good 10-20 levels off everything depending on the game.
Alola*
Guzma*
Luxury Balls is where it's at.
Try doing this while soft resetting for natures, I can barely get them in    ultra balls
Premier Balls are my favorite and I try to catch everything in them.
Nice, I do the same thing :D default Poke Balls just looks so clean!
*Winces at Modest Tapu Bulu*
I really want to, but I would go insane.

Plus it would be rude to not use the hundreds of free balls they gave me.
I'm seeing a lot of people saying they only exclusively use one type of ball or another... does no one here like to MATCH their ball colors to the Pokemon they catch? Like, I'd go with a Fast Ball for Tapu Koko, no question. Tapu Bulu gets a Luxury Ball, Tapu Lele gets a Love Ball.
Catching Tapu Fini in a standard pokeball was hell due to the constant healing from aqua ring.  Guzzlord was also annoying since all of its moves have low pp.
As of recent, yes. I make exceptions for shinies, though. I'm definitely going to be catching the UBs in Beast Balls, when the time comes, as well.
I've started doing that this gen. I've got a living dex in Pokebank which I'm honestly considering redoing as much as I can in pokeballs... It can be a pain sometimes, but it just looks so nice.
I catch every pokemon in a Pokeball, unless they are shiny. If they are, I try to use a Premier (not always, since when the Struggles start, I prefer to throw a better ball than losing a shiny)
Tip for those struggling to do this with Tapu Fini: burning was nerfed to 1/16 damage each turn, matching aqua ring's heal exactly. Additionally, aqua ring heals before burn hurts, so it should survive even at 1 HP. Wait out the misty terrain and hit it with a burn, and you can treat it like any other legendary (minus the ability to put it to sleep, but that's mitigated by the fact that you still put some status condition on it).
Finally someone that thinks like me! My friend says ultra balls are the coolest looking ones and he is so wrong I can't even put it into words.
I caught every possible legendary and UB in the normal pokeball, and that shit was insane. Good job! That was one of the harder ones for me!
Oh hey someone else who does this.

I broke that rule for a few cases this gen, like Moon Ball Lunala/Lure Ball Totodile (which ends up as same catchrate but themed) and Beast Ball Necrozma/Wimpod.

Fini and Guzzlord were the hardest two by far for the normal balls. And the second Celesteela for some reason.
I used to, but the ball open animations of other balls are just much cooler to me.

Dive Ball/Lure ball has bubbles/splashes.

Dusk ball has the dark patches

Dream Ball with purple clouds

Moon Ball has moons

Love Ball has hearts

Etc. the animations are nice.
I always catch my Pokemon in poke balls too XD
I try too do Premier balls if I think I might breed it or use it on my team and Pokéballs for most other things. I'll throw a quick ball if it's something really ugly (like that new fish) but they don't really work that often.
I honestly just use quick balls if I'm running through the game. Either that or I stock up on as many normal pokeballs as I can get.
I caught all my tapus is premier balls but not the ultra beasts I wasn't up to challenge 
I started a living Alola dex with everything in Beast Balls
I catch everything in pokeballs except the legendaries. So far i only have the tapu's and a beldum in ultra balls, and the UBs in beast balls. Everything else is in pole balls. 



Although after seeing the npcs throw luxury balls i might start using those. Primer and to a lesser extent ultra/dusk balls are also look nice imo 
I change for teams and legendaries.  If I have a battle team, they gotta match.  

Legendaries get Premier Balls.
I always catch my team in Poke Balls, because I like the consistency. This is also the reason I absolutely hate the mechanic where Baby Pokemon inherit the Poke Ball type from their parents.

For Pokemon I'm not trying to catch, I tend to use Quick and Dusk Balls. Design-wise, though, aside from the classic standard Poke Ball, there's the Premier Ball.
I wish great balls didn't have the red on them. I love the blue. 
I like catching regular party pokemon in poke balls and shinies or legends in a premier ball
That low catch chance just makes it feel like you EARNED it.
I do the same thing!! Legendaries and all. I love the classic look of the Pokeball. I do have a bomb rare ball collection but I want my BR living dex to all be in regular poke balls. 
For me it's only great balls. Most legendaries in AS that I have were caught in great balls (except kyogre took my fucking masterball) and in X, I caught Xerneas with a great ball. I'm not even done with x (just got it) and I don't have sun yet 
I usually don't care what balls my Pokémon are in, but five out of the six on my new team are in regular Pokéballs, while the sixth one is in a Great ball. Every time I go to the Center and heal them, the fact that there's one odd ball drives me insane.
Once Pokemon bank is here, go for an all fossil team. I thought that was fun in the older games
An all (region) team.  For example, an all Sinnoh team, were you only use Pokemon from the Sinnoh region.
An animal team that works is a turtle team!

Turtonator
Blastoise
Carracosta
Torterra
Torkoal
to some extent Avalugg and Shuckle  
With this you could make a Ninja turtles team 4 turtles team too!

all normal type
There's some variety with the Munchlax gift, A-Raticate (dark normal), Bewear (normal fighting) and Oranguru (normal psychic) and Toucannon (normal flying)
I was thinking of an all dog theme too! No legendary dogs 'cept 10% zygarde.

Growlithe 
Rockruff 
10% 
Houndour 
Lilipup 
Poochyena 
 
It's also possible to do a cat theme 
Meowth 
Skitty 
Delcatty 
Purrloin 
Litten 
Espurr 
 
I personally also appreciate Cosmic/Space themed teams: 
 
Solrock 
Lunatone 
Minior 
Cleffa 
Staryu 
Elgyem 
 
(I did not include legendary Pokémon 'cept for 10% zygarde)
Try teams based off the bad guys maybe. Like scary bug dudes based of Guzma as a character.
So stuff like Scolipeed and Golisopod
basically

come up with a team you like

try it out

fail miserably

go to smogon and copy a team from there

still fail
There's a boatload of different aspects to it. What do you want explained, exactly? 
I'll ignore VGC and the in-game bring-6-pick-3 modes and just talk about 6v6 "classic" format.  
  
**IVs** are the "genetic superiority" of your pokemon. Each stat gets up to 31 points from its IV depending on the pokemon's level. At the simplest level, having all 31s is ideal, but sometimes you want low speed, and technically a special attacker will hit itself for more when confused if your attack is higher. If your IVs aren't all perfect, you can boost your stats to match that with the bottle cap system.  
  
**EVs** are how your pokemon is trained or specialized. You can have up to 252 in any stat and up to 510 total, so 252/252/4 is the most common spread. These increase your stats by up to 1 for every 4 points, so 248 would increase the stat of a level 100 pokemon by 62 or a level 50 pokemon by 31. You gain these by gaining exp in battle, with each pokemon giving a specific type and quantity. For example, tentacool gives 1 SPDEF and tentacruel gives 2 SPDEF. You can reduce unwanted EVs with special berries.  
  
**Natures** increase 1 stat by 10% and decrease another stat by 10%, or do nothing. The ones that do nothing are never optimal. Commonly saught natures are Adamant, Jolly, Modest, Timid, Calm, Bold, Impish, Calm, Careful, and Naive. Others like Relaxed and Brave are good in some rare cases. In-game, the red stat is increased and the blue one is decreased.  
  
There are 3 main styles of teams: offensive, balanced, and stall.  
  
**Offensive** teams focus on fast hard-hitting pokemon that have good move coverage, meaning there are minimal pokemon types they can't hit for either super-effective or neutral damage. They often have 1 or 2 sweeper pokemon that will boost their stats even higher and try to finish the rest of the enemy's team. The other pokemon on their team try to eliminate the pokemon that are problematic to their sweepers as well as weaken the opposing team so that a sweep is more likely to succeed. Their strategy is generally straight forward rather than reactive.  
  
**Stall** teams focus on bulky pokemon with many resistances that can switch into attacks without dying and can heal themselves. They use moves that poison, burn, and paralyze to cripple the enemy team. They use hazards like Spikes and Stealth Rock to punish the enemy for repeatedly switching. It's fine for a stall team to have an offensive sweeper on their side to clean up the game. Their strategy focuses on preventing their hazards from being removed and preventing offensive pokemon from setting up with boosting moves.  
  
**Balanced** teams are versatile and resemble offensive teams but with more bulky and support pokemon. Their goal is keep their pokemon alive while disrupting the opponents' strategy. Against offense, they want to take away momentum from the opponent with switching moves. Against stall they want to remove hazzards and take out key pokemon such as a healing wish-passer pokemon. They will play very reactive.  
  
**Building a team:** first identify the strategy you want to play, then pick 1 or 2 pokemon to build the team around. Here's an example:  
  
I want to play **balanced** with **Tapu Koko**. I want to use volt switch a lot for damage and momentum.  
  
To benefit this style, I want a pokemon that can use Stealth Rocks.  
Tapu Koko is weak to Ground and Poison.  
**Skarmory** is immune to ground and poison and can use Stealth Rocks, so let's add him.  
  
I want another bulky pivot (a pokemon that uses moves like U-Turn and Volt switch to gain momentum in the switching battle).  
**WishiWashi** is interesting to me, can use U-turn, is slow, and both of its weaknesses (Electric and Grass) are resisted by my other pokemon, so let's add him.  
  
This could be the core of our team, that leaves 3 pokemon left. Now would be a good time to consider what are popular powerful pokemon, like Aegislash, Tapus, Ultra Beasts, etc. You can fill in your team with pokemon that can handle these threats, and also consider adding a sweeper to cleanup, like Pheromosa or Kartana. Because of their high speed and Beast Boost ability, they are good sweepers.
Check out Pokemon Showdown. It's a battle simulator that allows you to create teams in an instant, saving you the time of breeding and catching the exact mons you want to try. Watch some battles first to see what people are using. Right now the tiers have been thrown all out of whack because of a new game, so literally every team runs Pheromosa and Aegislash. Try using a few teams you find on Smogon to get the feel of things.
Incest.


LOTS of incest.
Go onto a randomizer.
Pick a random group of 5 mons.
Make the 6th one Lando-T.
Still win because fuck you.
I haven't seen this mentioned yet, but being able to predict and limit your opponent's possible moves is important.  Try fitting a Pokemon with Encore or Disable in your team, it's useful in teaching prediction.

I don't know if Hawlucha is in Gen 7, but that was one of my favorite encore users. I would safely switch it in when I knew my opponnty was going to use Earthquake, Hawlucha being a flying type is immune and fast so on it's first turn I would have it Encore the opponent.  They will either try to wait out the encore and catch me with a strong priority, or be forced to switch out.  Wasting a turn and allowing Hawlucha to use a stat boosting move (either Hone Claw or Sword Dance) and attempt to sweep (defeat most if not all opposing Pokemon without the opponent being able to reverse it).
Update: Smogon looks like a cool site, but it's a bit hard to navigate. Can someone link me to a good page?
Thanks for the replies everyone! I love this community. I'll read up on smogon and then get started breeding!
1. Force Pokemon in an arranged marriage and force them to get a divorce.

2. Force the offspring, just barely a few minutes old, to mate with its parent.

3. Rinse and repeat until you get the right numbers.

4. Teach it moves, give it some EVs.

5. Do it until you have a team of 6

6. Go online and fail miserably
There are a million youtubers that can explain it better than I can. The basics are that you'll need to know about IVs (Individual Values), EVs (Effort Values), Egg moves, Natures, and Abilities, of course. Basically it's all about breeding pokemon to better their stats. For example, breeding some pokemon could allow you to get an egg of a pokemon with a move it couldn't learn before, an ability it wouldn't have been able to get, and/or a beneficial nature. It's a fairly large amount of work building your team because of this. Then there's the whole other aspect of getting the right item and creating strategies to synergize your team. And you obviously have to know all the type matchups.
Pick a team from the 10 or so Pokemon that are always used by everyone because you can't win with the pokemon you like, gen them to be perfect so that legit players can never compete, and then try and pretend it's actually competitive when winning or losing comes down to random statuses and crits.
My best advice would be to take it slow. There is a lot to learn when it comes to competitive and I know it took me a while to understand some aspects, even if I knew what I was supposed to do. I think the main ones that gave me trouble where the usefulness of set up moves like Swords Dance, the value of bulky/defensive Pokemon for a team, and when to switch out.

For building a team, I may not be the best with that but my approach seems to work decently at least. I start by deciding the tier I want to build for if that applies. Then, pick some Pokemon you like from that tier; I usually already have some I want to try. For your first 1-3 picks or so, I just get what I feel like using and don't care too much for balancing, but I do try to avoid duplicate typings. Then I look at what I am missing and try to pick new typing that fill gaps for defensive, support, physical attackers, or special attacker to round out the team. Then for the last 1-2, I review what I make a list of all my weaknesses and see what options can help fix them. For example, if I have 2 Psychic weakness and a Fighting immunity, I'd probably look at Dark types. Then once I decide on who I am using, I build the movesets and such and try out the team to see what works and what doesn't. Sometimes it can be as simple as changing a few moves around, but other times certain team members just don't work and need to be replaced.
Alright, so many people have covered the basics, so I'm gonna give some different advice.  Take it easy.  I got into the competitive side back in Black and White 2, and it took me two months before I won an online tournament.  Build a team.  Pay attention to weaknesses and coverage moves on your team.  Pick a style, and stay with it.  When you lose, critically think of why.  Did you get bad luck?  Is there a flaw with your team.  Adapt the team you already have, don't just scrap it.  And stay with it.  It's a hell of a ride on the other side.

EDIT:  One other thing.  Don't assume that because you one the battle, your team is good.  Look back and see if you got lucky.
Thunderblunder777 does a great job explaining how to win at competitive pokemon in the following video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eEcfduVdTt4
"Strong Pokémon. Weak Pokémon. That is only the selfish perception of people. Truly skilled trainers should try to win with their favorites..."
Karen from Gold, Silver & Crystal.
Go on smogon and pick a tier you like and follow the rules for those tiers. OU is probably the most common tier.

If you want to make a competitive team in-game, then you'll want to learn about EVs and IVs/hypertraining, and natures. If you're just gonna use a battling simulator, smogon uses Pokemon Showdown. 
There isnt much i can say as everyone else has basically covered all the basics, but just try to have fun. Experiment with your teams, by mixing it up or using you favourites. One big way that helped me was watching youtube videos of people battling and taking inspiration from that. So yeah , it can be effort but it is a lot of fun once you get into it! 
Dude, if you want to start competitive battling, start with training the pokemon you like. Then make a balanced team around it (a mix of sweepers, walls, etc.) A good place to practice is pokemon showdown. There you can make a competitive team or just battle with random ones. It should give you an idea. If you want ideas on how to train pokemon, watch The Dex on youtube. They basically talk about a pokemon's origins and design inspiration and then talk about how to use it in a competitive setting. I'm still pretty new myself, but these are a couple things that helped me learn the basics. Definitely go check them out. 
It seems like you've recieved some help on how to select a team already, so I'd like to leave you with a video that is super helpful in learning how to breed competitive Pokemon. It came out yesterday, so it's as up to date as you can get: https://youtu.be/temoW3MBUzo
Step 1: Learn IV Breeding. Also, get yourself a Destiny Knot (if we're talking Sun and Moon, costs 48 Battle Points at the Battle Royal Dome)

Step 2: Learn EV Training. This one is pretty easy with the new SOS system.

Step 3: Learn Proper Team building.

If you want more details on 1 and 2 just ask... As for Team Building I'm kind of shit at it, I just use what I feel like :P
I would Seriously recommend going on Showdown! and playing random battles. You teach yourself and then from there you can start to pick up more things
First you've got to wanna be the very best like no one ever was.
[Smogon has a quick and dirty guide to competitive battling](http://www.smogon.com/dp/articles/intro_comp_pokemon). I'd read through that first to gain a general understanding of IVs, EVs, tiers, and other specific terminology that you're going to hear when discussing competitive. The article itself is a bit old (gen 4) but the information is still relevent. *Understand, however, that Smogon's competitive clauses and tier restrictions do not exist when playing online in Nintendo's competitive environment*. If you plan on playing in Battle Spot, or Nintendo hosted tournaments, or even just feeling out the concept via Battle Tree, then these rules are irrelevant.

Secondly, you want to consider your team. [Smogon also has a great guide to core's, the basis of current team-building](http://www.smogon.com/smog/issue39/synergy-cores-teambuilding). The premise is simple: Pick a Pokemon you really like, find one or two Pokemon that compliment it very well, usually by being a counter to your favorite's weaknesses, and then fill in the blanks with supportive Pokemon or a Pokemon that can provide a clean win-mech. More detail with examples can be found in the guide.

As for getting your team ready to play... Well, it's a lot of work. There's no way around it; you need to enjoy grinding and building stats for it to be worth doing. As a competitive game, Pokemon is still a turn-based RPG, so out-of-combat decisions and grinding makes up a significant portion of "playing", and you need to have accepted that going in.

If you've decided that you're in for the long haul, [check out this breeding guide for X&Y](http://www.smogon.com/forums/threads/breeding-perfect-pokemon-in-pokemon-x-y.3490432/). To my knowledge, there's no great resource for SuMo yet, so read that. There are only a few substantial changes you need to understand in adapting this guide for the new game: there are no O-Powers, the IV checker is built into your PC once you hatch 20 eggs and talk to the judge outside the Battle Tree, and Friend Safari has been replaced with SOS chains. Other than that, all the information is sound.

As an alternative to breeding in SuMo, you can rely on SOS chaining. [Here's Bulbapedia's guide to that](http://bulbahandbook.bulbagarden.net/pokemonsunmoon/guide/sos-battle-chaining). SOS chaining can get you access to hidden abilities you otherwise can't access, and is also a great method for getting high IV Pokemon. You can use it as an entry-level alternative to breeding, though optimally, you will use some degree of both SOS chaining and breeding. Importantly, even if you choose to SOS chain your entire team, realize that you'll want to hatch 20 eggs for the purpose of unlocking the IV checker.

EVs are a hassle currently, and since I imagine you don't have access to the stat-boosting training items from the Battle Tree, I'd recommend just using Poke Pelago. A tier-3 Isle Evelup will cap a Pokemons stats in 128 sessions, or 32 hours, assuming you keep the bean bonus running. This is a long time, but it happens passively while you're not playing, and you can train up 18 Pokemon at once using the island without any further item/time investment, so it's not that bad.

**TL;DR/recap, do this in order:**

* Read [Smogon's Competitive Guide](http://www.smogon.com/dp/articles/intro_comp_pokemon)
* Read [Smogon's guide to cores](http://www.smogon.com/smog/issue39/synergy-cores-teambuilding)
* Read [Smogon's breeding guide](http://www.smogon.com/forums/threads/breeding-perfect-pokemon-in-pokemon-x-y.3490432/).
* Alternatively, [SOS chain](http://bulbahandbook.bulbagarden.net/pokemonsunmoon/guide/sos-battle-chaining) or breed your way to usable Pokemon.
* Use Isle Evelup to EV train your team and finish their stats.

I hope this is everything an entry-level player would need. Good luck, and feel free to ask additional questions if you have them

There are two major types of format: Single battles and double battles.

VGC, the official Pokemon championships sponsored by The Pokemon Company, are a double battles format. VGC rules for allowable Pokemon change every year; in VGC2017, the Pokemon in the Alolan Pokedex, with the exceptions of Necrozma, Solgaleo, Lunala, Magearna, and Marshadow, are the only ones allowed. Mega evolutions are also banned this year. [Here's a fantastic guide to VGC2017 for beginners.] (https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=g2GbFV1qKnE) Some other good resources are the fan sites Saffron City Post and Nugget Bridge.

Meanwhile, 6v6 single battles are the most popular unofficial format. The most popular site for discussing and organizing unofficial formats is Smogon, a fan site that has been around for over a decade. They tier Pokemon based on usage, with the reasoning that better Pokemon will be used more. Stuff in higher tiers is banned from lower tiers, so the "worse" Pokemon will often be able to find success in those tiers (for example, Druddigon, whose stats are overshadowed by many other Dragon types, has seen plenty of play in the Rarely Used tier where those other dragons aren't legal). There is also an Ubers format for stuff deemed too good for standard play like mascot legendaries, and a Little Cup format for level 5 unevolved Pokemon. Smogon is an extremely good resource for strategy and move sets.

For multiplayer battling, you should try to have optimized Pokemon. This means paying attention to Effort Values, Individual Values, Nature, movepool, and Ability. This can be a serious pain in the ass for time and effort (Particularly breeding Pokemon for maximum potential and egg moves), but it's gotten easier in recent years. There are plenty of great resources for learning this.

If you want to just make a team and hop into a battle without fuss, I recommend Pokemon Showdown. Even if you want to play in official VGC tournaments, Pokemon Showdown is a great place to test a new team idea before putting the time and effort into building it in the real game.
Long story short, the pokemon you love the best, probably suck. There are a couple dozen pokemon that are used the most, and you need to make a team to combat that. 
go to smogon
Well, starting with x&y it became pretty much incomprehensible so just know that you're not the only one confused!

Just know that if you find your team completely helpless against a certain type of team that it doesn't mean your team is bad anymore, it's just that there's entirely too many things to account for at once.
Showdowns team builder is really nice and helped visualize what I'm trying to accomplish on my team with natures Evs and Ivs. Then transfer that into your game once learn how to breed and effectively train your team up. 
Its about outsmarting the other guy, and remember what team he has.

Its also about Stealth Rocks/Spikes
Thank you guys all for the tips and support! Hopefully we will meet in a tournament!
I like an off the deep end approach. Go to Pokemon showdown. Hit random, bash your head against it till you get the basic idea of things. 
So first build a team with mons you like and just try it out. Unless you're favorites are all top-teir legendaries you're probably going to fail miserably. 

Don't get discouraged. Keep learning, start using strategies that beat you. Learn what roles each mon fills. Before you know it you'll be competent. Not great, but competent.

Most importantly, just because something is popular or cool looking doesn't mean it's good. A great example is regular charizard.

On the flipside, even if it's obscure or looks dumb doesn't mean it's bad.

Finally, it's not just the moves and the mons that you need to win. It's your ability to predict and make good moves that will do it for you.
I can't help you much in the tactics/strategies, or even breeding. But if you want to do competitive on your 3DS, you'll need to master breeding first. If you just want to do competitive battles, Pokémon Showdown and Smogon are where you want to be. 
First, there are 4 basic types of Pokemon-

Sweepers are the most obvious pick. They deal a lot of damage and have high speed. They sweep up the enemy team, and are often saved for the last half of the battle to clean up. They are often frail. Think jolteon or slazazzle.

Tanks take hits and stall, usually using toxic, entry hazards and recovery to slowly eat away at other Pokemon who can't brute force it down. Think Avalugg or Ferrothorn.

Support Pokemon are usually quick and can remove status with aromatherapy/heal bell, use status like thunder wave, set up stealth rocks or screens, and generally set up your team.  Think Klefki or Whimsicott.

Then there are "bulky" Pokemon that are usually slow but deal a lot of damage. They are kind of a balance between a sweeper and a tank, made to be durable and strong. Think Swampert or Arcanine. 

Build a well balanced team that takes these roles into account. 

Some common pitfalls and strategies new players dismiss- 

Switching is important. You will need to learn what your team can take for hits and switch appropriately. At the most basic, this would be switching something like a gyarados (quad electric weakness) for a ground type to dodge a thunderbolt. Higher level players will be able to predict that switch, so as you go you can learn to be trickier and NOT make the obvious switch in some circumstances. But learning the art of the hard switch is important.  Also, learn the value of moves like volt switch and u-turn, which let you pivot out a Pokemon while dealing at least some damage. 


Use buffs. Swords dance doubles damage, but in the solo game this usually isn't relevant since you will be a high enough level or have a type advantage to two-shot most things anyway. In competitive this is a lot more important because you can threaten more opponents, which will be important given the value of switching. The best time to set up a buff is when you can force an opponent to switch- again, like if you have a fast electric type up against a Gyarados, the gyarados will probably want to switch, giving you a turn to set up.

Value priority moves. Moves that always go first often skimp on damage, but it can save your team if you just need to do a LITTLE more damage to take out that buffed sweeper. 

Also entry hazards can be great- they chip away at enemies, break their Sturdy and Focus Sash (which let them survive a hit from full health) and can be paired with Roar or whirlwind to mess up an enemy setup. 
First step is to understand the different formats. VGC and Smogon are the most predominant, but even those 2 are completely different (and one of them is garbage in my opinion).

Keep that in mind when people tell you how much this and that sucks or what to do. Make sure what game YOU like to play and ignore the rest.
If you'd like to test out competitive team battles without spending hours breeding ev training beforehand, you can try constructing teams in Pokemon Showdown,  or randomizing teams to test the strengths of certain combinations.

The easiest way I got into competitive play was watching various matches on Youtube.
The way I first started it was I would just use good Pokémon that I liked with a good moves, and then went from there. Play battles, and see why you lose or win.
I'm surprised everyone is already telling you to build teams and breed. In my book, the correct order would be:
1. Watch lots of youtube videos. There are plenty of competent battlers. If you wanna start off simple and easy i recommend Haydunn. Once you got the basics down, you can watch pokeaim, thunderblunder, jamvad, emvee or whoever suits yor style. They're all a little different, so there probably is someone for you <3
2. Build your own team ON SHOWDOWN and try it out. You can also steal...uhm.. borrow teams from various sites on the net, there is no shame in that. Learning what a good team feels like is a good way to build your own team.
3. If you have a team your really like, you can breed it ingame. I recommend this order, because your first ideas might not be your best ones. I've been there.
4. Try different playstyles, like hyper offence, bulky offence, balance, or stall. Or don't try stall, that's great too. Really.
live to win
If you're talking VGC? Mega Rayquaza. One Primal. Mega Kangaskhan. Ferrothorn. Profit.

/s
Two people fight
1) Lose all sense of individuality because some schmucks decided that only some Pokémon used in very specific ways are viable and everyone else and their dogs agreed to that for some reason.

2) ????

3) Go back to just playing the game solo because you can't be bothered.

4) Realize that a lot of postgame content is locked behind that bullshit wall of "tailor-make your Pokémon to be war machines with very specific stats and moves or fail miserably without having to chance to do anything".

5) Fuck.
math
1. WATch Cybertron Productions on YT

2.Obey Him Like Jesus

3. STAY AWAY FROM.......him.
You just need to guess what the opponent is gone do. It's a rock paper scissor simulator
I wish the game had skill based match making. I have level 29 to 30 pokemon but keep getting matched with people who have level 50+... 

Its not even fun.
Just hack them in like every other competitive battler. 
It's great for early grinding for BP since it's IV'S in speed and offense are max, and it's already EV trained.
Ash Greninja was much better in the anime, but still neat to use. I found myself mostly ignoring him in my playthrough, because he swept the competition and that wasn't much fun. Now that I've beaten the game, I gotta get him to catch up though...
It's in my party, but I don't use it much.
I honestly would have expected Water Shuriken to change it's effect and have it only hit once for like 100 Power cause thats how the Anime did it.. And I expected all his Normal Type moves to become Water Type but that didn't happen either. Still happy that it surpasses Mega Evolution though, like the Anime implied. Also dont know why it didn't get the Flaming Water Shuriken as it's Z-Move. 
Oh. Right. I have one of those. Been sitting in a box since I transferred it. I should probably use it. Or at least let my ditto have some fun with it or something.
Thanks for reminding me to transfer it over from the demo!
Ash-Greninja's kinda neat. In game it would probably be pretty decent (I'm not far enough to be able to use it yet), however I feel its ability is too situational to use in competitive. I am glad Water Shuriken is now a Sp Atk move, though!

Much like Spikey-Eared Pichu and Cosplay Pikachu, Ash-Greninja will look really cool in my PC, then be stranded and nearly forgotten once Gen VII is over.
I just put it in my PC.  Not sure I want to use it for anything other than a collectible.  
Did you make a similar post yesterday?  If not, you would be the second person who I've seen make a post about the politoed not being able to be traded back.
It sounds like either you got a hacked Pokemon, or possibly a bad cartridge due to the "I am going to trade egg"

I've been doing all kinds of trading with several people to fill up my dex, and I haven't encountered anything like this.
Is your Politoed below level 25?
Yeah, it was level 22! I didn't even think about checking Poliwhirl's normal evolving level. Wonder why they give you an under leveled one from the NPC...
Gosilopod
salazzle
Dragonite
Alolan Muk or Mudsdale. You can get them both early on, they're really good defensively, and their types don't overlap with anything you have so far.
I'd suggest Hariyama or Crobat personally.
Gible
Golisopod is a monster. You have a pretty good type spread so it's not as if you need the Bug/Water coverage, but it's just a fantastic Pokemon to have. Same goes for Mudsdale.
Mimikyu
I would recommend a Psychic, Dark, Ghost or Fighting type.

Oranguru is amazing and so is Bewear. 
TIER 1: 11/10

* Crabominable

TIER 2: 9/10

* Butterfree, Ledian, Masquerain, Scyther, Buzzwole, Pheromosa

TIER 3: 8/10

* Weavile, Sandslash

TIER 4: 7/10

* Crobat, Dugtrio, Mandibuzz, Skarmory, Pangoro, Krookodile, Honchkrow, Lucario, Celesteela

TIER 5: 6/10

* Ariados, Glaceon, Silvally (Ice), Glailie, Vulpix, Vanilluxe, Scizor

TIER 6: 5/10

* Toucannon, Hariyama, Fearow, Braviary, Primeape, Machamp, Mudsdale, Fletchling, Cubone, Bewear, Passimian, Silvally (Ground), Silvally (Flying), Silvally (Fighting), Zygarde, Flygon, Garchomp, Kommo-o, Dragonite

TIER 7: 4/10

* Muk, Silvally (Bug)

TIER 8: 2/10

* Raticate, Persian, Umbreon, Silvally (Poison), Silvally (Dark), Silvally (Steel), Garbodor, Absol, Guzzlord
Just use what you like! :)
Mimikyu is great (Ghost/Fairy), Swords dance set can do major damage, Golisopod (Bug/Water) is unique an well. 
The ones you like.

Seriously, it doesn't matter who you use for the story. Just use whichever you like. If you feel like building a competitive team, you can always do it post game. 

Edit: if your friends don't battle competitively either, then just....use who you like. If they do battle competitively, then it will take a lot more than picking certain Pokemon to beat them...assuming they half know what they are doing. 

Just pick who you like lol. You're may not like some of the Pokemon that some people may suggest to you which might sour your experience or at least make it less enjoyable than it could've been if you used those couple Pokemon that you personally loved, and at the end of the day, having fun playing is what matters.
Doesn't matter for casual battles and in game. Just try not to have a ton of similar types. Like a lot of bug pokemon will make you flying/fire weak. 
I like the new bug, Grubbin, early on, but its rare to find. It also evolves into a really viable and cool looking final evolution. 
Your primary goal with planning out a team should be to cover Rowlet's weaknesses. The type of Pokémon that does that best would be a Rock-type, especially one like Probopass or Bastiodon.
Your 31st ally Ditto called is guaranteed to have four 31 IVs as well as each Ditto following that one.

IV improvements no longer occur although chance for shiny may still improve. That's hard to say. 
supposedly all pokemon after the 31st ally are guarenteed 4iv, but thats what i've heard
I'm pretty sure that you are guaranteed 4IVs after 40 but I have only caught 3 dittos so I can't say for certain, one chain of 31 got me 3IVs another chain of 41 got be 4IVs and another chain of about 50-60 got me 4IVs as well.
I always catch the 32nd in the chain. Every time the Pokemon has had 4 perfect IVs.
Nope I thought it was awesome. 
No, this is the first time one of the generations actually made me care for certain characters and Pokemon. I think it's one of the best games story-wise.
Nope, I think the whole coming-of-age thing was pulled off superb. Pokemon doesn't have to be a "Save the world" story.

SuMo made me care for characters and actually gave those characters we'd run across all the time something resembling a personality!

As for Team Skull having little Impact/relevance: They're literally a bunch of punks and misfits. They don't have any ambition to take over the world or anything, they're just fed up with whatever problems they have in life.

The Aether Foundation, from the very moment you first set foot onto their artificial Island gives off that suspicious vibe and the somewhat bait-and-switch with Team Skull (After all, Guzma is pretty much the only one really working together with Lusamine), while expected, wasn't just flat-out "Oh well, we changed allegiances and now serve them" but rather Lusamine manipulating Guzma by saying all the things he wanted to hear.

I'll admit that the pacing might've been off here and there but I mostly account that to the vast amount of tutorial Melemele Island was.
I thought it was pretty good tbh
Using Gamecube games as an example of how the main series should work is like using Smash Bros to dictate how Mario and Bwoser should fight each other in the next Mario game. It's not really relevant to the main series aside from a very loose connection.

Also Gen 1 and 2 are not good examples of storytelling. I mean, it took Team Rocket two and a half games to actually do something notably dangerous.
Nope.
I won't say it blows but thats partly cause I just skipped through the text and put it down during cutscenes. I found that I lost interest in the stories a long time ago, the last "story" I was into was Emerald. But I will admit that the cutscenes are very pretty and the fact that it's 3D builds on that immersion compared to others. I've just grown out of the whole corniness of pokemon (and this one was chock full of it). I'm just here for the end game lol. 
The story is "kill la kill" with pokemon.
I agree and disagree with you.

The pacing was absolutely terrible, I'll give you that. Not just in the beginning, but it was also apparent with the Ultra Space. Ultra Space is probably the coolest area in SM and they butchered it. If you had gone to this area right after the first Lusamine fight, I would have absolutely no complaints. 

But you had to go through a whole island to get there. Still, it could have been resigned if Ultra Space was a cool enough place. And it was. But it was so short. One fight and you're done with the place. Another gripe was that you didn't get to fought UB 1. That should have been an obvious opponent, but it wasn't added to her team. 

The villains were probably the best part about this game. They weren't exactly supposed to be dangerous. They were just thugs who happened to have a capable leader controlled by someone else who made them useful.

As for the ending? It's not really that she was going to end the world. She was happy with the Symbiote and she had reached her goal of living in their world. But white skirt wanted to save her mother from the symbiote so she entered the world to save her mother from herself.
Nope. I loved the story and I do think it's as good as Black and White's plot.
I think it was a good idea and poor execution.
[deleted]
Try looking looking over at r/TheFestivalPlaza
Can I guess that you're playing Moon?
Yeah I cant seem to register VIPs either for some reason. Its weird. 
I'd change 14 and 25 and do Santa Delibird on Christmas
You can also use a Net Ball for a 3x capture rate (Ultra Balls are 2x)

If you want an even better catch rate use Dusk Balls at night for a 3.5x capture rate.
It's generally believed that taking care of 6 different pokemon full time and training them all separately is an extremely difficult thing, and only full time trainers are able to handle it. The only ones that you face that have a full team generally are professional trainers, that dedicate all of their time to their pokemon. Everyone else has to dedicate much of their time to their job or something else, making taking care of more than a few pokemon very difficult. 
To make the game easier
I love Litten so much.
Love that smug look at the end
Where are all these clips from? I saw one on Instagram where Litten helped the other starters start a cooking fire (that didn't go well either).
[deleted]
Much amaze
Very water

7.8/10
Nah, 10/10. Really good job
this is awesome!! Mimikyu was my favorite 
Wow! Do you take commissions?
Wow these are really well done, you should be proud! I love the owl one the most ! 

Do you think I could buy one from you? These all really amazing.
Dayum.  Dis is good.
stunning!
Wow those are absolutely amazing! I would buy prints of these definitely! Well, or the originals, but those must be priceless :)

EDIT: found your Etsy, checking if you also make prints. Your work is absolutely wonderful! That wizard-fox-guy is too cute!
These are really good omg!! Rowlet and Cosmog look amazing 9v9
Rowlet is my favourite. I'd love this on my wall :)
Love Litten!!
Those are great! How did you manage to keep the outlines void of paint?

Nebby get in the canvas.
Isn't it how you supposed to catch it? Isn't it a Ultra Beast after all?
I caught Beldum in a Beast Ball today after about 8 or 9 resets. I had 21 Beast Balls on hand each time I tried, the one I finally caught took 20 Beast Balls... So if I'm to try Necrozma, I'll need to try one at a time since I can't get anymore Beast Balls since I caught all the UBs.  Nah I'll pass lol
What's in your master ball?
Oooh! I did this too, it actually didn't take as long as I expected. I'd imagine I just got really, really lucky with how impossible catching tapu fini in a beast ball has been.
my story is very similar to yours. But personally I don't like Showdown as much as the real game.  Maybe I just like the real thing better, of course showdown is faster and easy to experiment with but im not a fan of the salty people
Lol I'm doing the opposite. I have only ever played casual and I'm going to competitive. I have only ever used showdown but now I'm ready for the real in-game grind. I feel like it will be a fun challenge for me. But I can understand where you are coming from. Relax, take it easy, I mean you are in Alola, probably the best region to vacation in.
I really wish someone compiled a list of links / videos to help all casual players find their love for competitive. 
Once you go competitive, you really never go back. I can't help SRing my starter for a good nature, and make sure every legendary I get has the right IVs. I've put of completing the dex because it'd be such a pain to soft reset for the Tapus. But I couldn't live with the knowledge that my starter/legends are terrible.
Poke Pelago also lets you give exp points but I'm sure Festival Plaza is much quicker.

Poke Pelago is excellent for EV training, however. I can put a bunch of Pokemon that I want to max the same stat in there before I go to bed at night and that stat is maxed by the time I come home from work the next day. It's nice to EV train while not being able to play the game.
Thanks for explaining this!
upvoted and saved
There is another way! Was already so sick of E4 runs. 
Cool
How can I get FC quickly?
Sigh. 

Pancake isn't a move it learns. Snorlax can only use the move if it holds the Snorlium Z item and knows the move Giga Impact.
That isn't how it works.

Snorlium-Z is a Z-Crystal that requires (a) the holder to be a Snorlax, and (b) the holder to know the move Giga Impact.  When Z-Power is activated, it turns Giga Impact into Pulverizing Pancake.

It has nothing to do with having it being held while evolving or anything like that.  Pulverizing Pancake (like all other Z-Moves) cannot be learned normally, and is accessed via Z-Power.
It doesnt need to hold the z crystal when evolving. Your snorlax has to know giga impact to use the z crystal. All pokemon specific z crystals like Pikanium Z, Eevium Z, etc. etc. require the pokemon to know a specific move.
A Z move isn't something you learn , it's something you have because of the pokemon having a specific move and having a specific item.   Any snorlax with Giga Impact holding the Snorlium Z can use the Move
afaik the z skill will work if snorlax has the move giga impact and holding the snorlium z
Not how it works just get snorlax to have giga impact 
> I can't for the love of all that is holy remember what he says exactly.

Dexing in the morning.
Also, the TV in your room references a Stephen King movie/book, Stand By Me, just like RGB did.
I want to say the musician in the Grand Resort named Future could be a reference but I may be wrong.
Oh there's several more. On your way to Kukui's lab, he mentions "My body is ready" as a not-so-subtle reference to Reggie Fils-aime, and one of the comments from Pokéfinder reads "7.8/10 too much water" from that IGN review of Omega Ruby/Alpha Sapphire.
It's hard to give feedback on the design if you don't give it to us. But yeah, like the ground typing
Maybe Ground, because vacuums suck up dirt? 
I'd say flying from the function of sucking in air if that wasn't already taken by the fan form, but ground does make sense from the standpoint of the rotom spitting up all the dust that's inside the bag. If purely for the fact that there's an attack called Vacuum Wave, then fighting.
Wow bro you spoiled it for me!
Nooooooooo

I hate you spoiler man
K
Changing the battle system wouldn't be a "huge step," it would be a whole different game. That's why we have the spinoffs. The skillset needed for a game like Pokken Tournament is completely different than the main games.
>Pokeride was again a good addition, but its a shame you can't also use your own pokemon for it. Or have a few more options. Like charizard is awesome, but it would be cool if you could choose to ride on a flygon or something instead.

to be quite honest, multiple additional models for 800 Pokemon just so you could use every pokemon for as many ride-features as possible just isn't feasible with cartridges.

>How this could be changed I don't know, but still it seems in a way more broken then megas which just give a power up.

You have exactly *ONE* Z-Move per battle. That's one turn of high damage. One shot. Megas were a *lot* worse balancing and design-wise.

>My big issue is that the battle system is still the same and its pretty stale. The anime shows all these epic pokemon battles and in the game we get turn based. I realise changing the battle system would be a huge step, but I think it could make it more exciting. My idea would be something similar to the tales series.

Turn-based systems are a staple of (j)RPG, though. Sure, stuff like FF and Tales moved away from it over the years / didn't use it, but it fits the fantasy of being a trainer giving orders to your pokemon.  
The Tales' series active Battle system doesn't fit that. We're not Pokemon, we're a trainer *commanding* Pokemon. The only battle system I could see fitting would be a tactical one, akin to FFT, Ogre, disgea, that one spinoff game set in medieval japan and what not. That would drag out playtime *a lot* though and just wouldn't work out as well online.
AI will always use Items when their pokemon are dear fainted 
i just wanted to catch a passimian


but it wouldn't stop calling for fucking trumbeaks every fucking turn


when did the lemurs make some kind of pact with woodpecker toucans
I'm doing a Nuzlocke in Moon. Salandit get Dragon Rage early on. Taking 80HP in one turn from two Salandit isn't good for survival rates...
I forgot to add.

It took me an hour to catch Tentacool of all things.

Why does two Pokemon mean you can't catch one? Does our trainer lack hand-eye coordination?
Waiting for dozens of turns for an SOS only for it to fail.
Mudbray killing each other with bulldoze. Consistently.
Before Beldum SOS encounter - 30 Pokeballs / Great Balls

Run unto Beldum - "sweet! I want one!" 

After encounter - 0 pokeballs / i hate this pokemon
Magby. Just magby. After a certain route I now have a somewhat irrational hatred towards all magby.
I wanted a Turtonator


I ran into an elekid


Didn't have one


False swipe


elekid calls for help


help arrives

sky uppercut the newly arrived elekid


elekid calls for help


help arrives


repeat 32 times


took 32 minutes to catch a fucking worthless yellow egg
I just want to catch an HA Geod- ***SELF-DESTRUCT***
I've tried to hunt Rockruff, but oh my fucking god. 

I've never hated Sand Attack more.
I tried to chain Mimikyu.

Do not recommend.
I was chaining dittos for 4IV when a shiny showed up before I reached the 40 chain point. After thinking if I should catch or kill it (I already have several shiny dittos from X) I decided to catch it. Sadly it has imposter which made it immediately transform into my Hypno, making it impossible to sleep due to insomnia. It also kept calling for allies and succeeding each time. Before I knew it it killed itself with struggle... I don't think I'm upset cause I lost a shiny, but more that I should have just killed it to keep my chain going... wasted all that time only to come out with nothing.
Hakamo-os not spawning after SOS for 2 hours
All have been my own fault.

Trying to get a shiny Pangoro there was the time I accidentally let a 70 chain struggle itself to death, or the time I killed the Pancham in a 60 chain only to realise that the summoned Pangoro wouldn't SOS any more....

And that's the story of how I got my regular Pangoro. 
I was chaining for a HA Mareanie, but the Mareanie outsped my snorlax when I tried to kill it and killed the Corsola, and then I had already selected the move to kill the Mareanie
I've got two.

First one was Carbink, spamming Harden/Sharpen when I didnt have super effective single target quite annoying.

Then there was Eevee, with Sand attack and baby-doll eyes, always need to rotate to different pokemon :(
Bagon 
this happend 15 minutes ago.

I was chaning hoping for a shiny bagon or a salamence. After 2 hours I just stopped looking at the screen and kept smashing the attack button. But once I looked I saw a shiny bacon... fainting. It was pretty painful. 
Shiny bagon super early into the game... Had no status moves and I lost all my pokes trying to handle constant calls for help. Didn't even get a chance to throw a single ball at it. Its ok but coz I got a shiny Golisopod now :D
Delibird. I'm catching an entire box to wonder trade (with useful held items) on Christmas in order to repent for my past wonder trade sins. Delibirds constantly spamming Present doesn't make much of an impact on my Snorlax, but it does make an impact on my limited patience.
Got a shiny Mudbray with decent nature after hours of hunting. Hidden Ability
Just so you guys know, paralysis prevents SOS battles
Trying to get Salamence on Route 3...
Chaining for shiny Rattata
About 80 chains in I accidentally run
Was trying to catch a ditto. Just. One. Ditto.

I was using false swipe on them with my level 60 kartana so I could catch one, but they would just call for help every time I tried to single one out.

They kept copying my kartana and my beast boosts until they ended up sweeping my whole team and I never got a ditto.
Nope. Passimian. Bastard never fails to call an ally *every. single. turn.*

Pls, GF, no more "You can't aim a fucking Pokeball at a Pokemon if there are two!" How the fuck has the protagonist of each gen been able to catch anything? They have to aim past their own Pokemon every time they throw a Pokeball. How did they not hit their own Pokemon with it every time?! IT MAKES NO FUCKING SENSE, GAME FREAK!!!
Fixing SOS Battles in a few easy steps:

- Allow PokeBalls to be thrown any time (with lowered catch rate).
- Calling SOS should be the Pokemon's move for that turn.
- Add a hold item that prevents it happening entirely. 

You're welcome, Game Freak.
Magby 

Smokescreens and Burns for so long my 3DS almost ran out of battery. 

I probably should have quit early and brought in someone with keen eye, but I just always had that glimmer of hope the next pokeball would get it.
wasn't even trying to chain but fucking magby decided it was gonna keep call for help and getting the burn. my chaining pangoro was burned many of times 
Sandygast. Sand attack. Sand Tomb.
Magby+Fire Spin....Screw that pokemon so freaking much
Chained 37 Ditto. Accidentally ran.
Facking capture rate of 3 and a 10% encounter rate. Where's capture O-power when I need it??
Chaining for Salandit is the most annoying thing ever. 

Dragon Rage that early in the game is a pain, as well as getting poisoned and burned a few times. 
I went into Lush Jungle looking for a Castform. When I left the Caterpie population had been decimated, but at least I finally had a fucking Castform.
I came to say Beldum, but you beat me to it. I damn near used my masterball on the bastard after a second Beldum struggled itself to death. Only saving grace was using a ghost type so he couldn't kill himself with recoil from Take Down.

But Jesus Christ I used twice as many pokeballs on a beldum than I did when I caught Solgaleo
Was grinding in the first trial cave before fighting Hala.

Run into wild Zubat.

Almost knock out Zubat, it calls for help.

Zubat appears. Knock out first Zubat, Zubat calls for help.

Another Zubat appears.

Repeat for 10 minutes. My Rufflet gained a good 3 levels though.

And people said Mt. Moon was bad.
I hate this feature. It shouldn't be unlimited. But it's constantly. 
Chained for a shiny Beldum, it kept calling new pokemon or breaking out of balls until it killed itself.

Also I was unintentionally using a ghost type. So the next time I tried to chain Beldum I remembered the hard way that take down has recoil damage.
A little story I had on another thread.

> This happened a couple days ago. When I was grinding my Mudsdale, we were at the abandoned thrift store and got ambushed by golbats. Having been mean looked and not having any rock tombs on him, we were stuck on a never ending cycle of confusion, poison and imminent death. 

> I was gonna wait for him to die so we could escape but then, at 1 hp, he spat out the poison for my love, determined to beat these nuisances to the ground. I was so happy I healed him again. In the end, we got over 2000 exp from those bastards and now he's one of my best tanks in the game.


SOS chaining Abras with Arena Trap and the ahole WOULD NOT SOS for the life of him even with Orb.....and even when he did, the help wouldn't come 6 in a row. In the end he struggled to death. RIP chain for over an hour.
ALL OF THE PAIN AND SUFFERING

GAME FREAK >>>>>>> LUSAMINE
Chaining for a Speed Boost Sharpedo and having to deal with their Swagger + Screech shenanigans.
Encountered Cleffa, got it to one hp and it called for help. Clefairy pops out. Both Cleffa and Clefairy proceeds to Sing, Sweet Kiss, and Minimize. I don't know why I didn't just switch out to a new Pokemon, but after like 10 turns, I used an X accuracy and fainted one and caught the other.
Spent half an hour waiting for a pokemon to SOS after Thunder Waving it, only to realise even with adrenaline orb, they dont call after being Paralyzed :(

Killed it out of frustration, got into another fight, instantly called for help. Still hunting for that damn shiny blue rock doge.
Really on in Melemele Meadow. I had to deal with 7 or 8 Pom-Pom Oricorio without any Ground or Rock Pokemon. That was a hassle and a half.
Trying to catch a HA Mareanie

I think I might be a masochist
Minior used self destruct.
I find the SOS system so damn irritating, especially when trying to shiny chain. Most pokemon have stat reducing attacks, so constantly having to switch out your pokemon after a few turns to reset everything really gets on my nerves. There are several shines I'd like to get, but dealing with that is a pain. It finally paid of recently with a shiny cubone, but only because I had a Vullaby with big pecks so her defense couldn't be lowered.

It's also annoying when you're just trying to train in general. Despite all that though, I do appreciate the added challenge it brings. I find myself running to the pokemon center a whole lot more than usual now.
Currently experiencing it. Don't even know how many turns in trying to catch this Magby, and every turn it calls for help as soon as I KO the other Pokémon. At least give me one turn after KO to give me a chance to fuckin' catch it. 
I'm refusing to give up now out of principle. Don't even want the god damn Magby anymore 
Lurantis trial.
I was grinding for a ditto. I accidentially sent in a pokemon that knew take down and false swiped it. the 30th ditto used take down and died. the other one ran out of PP and struggled the same turn
Not getting a shiny Mimikyu until after like 1000 corpses of Mimikyu.
I found a Shiny Sandile but it summoned another Sandile and they both confused each other :c (I saved the shiny though but it was stressful as hell)
Dhelmise. Nothing is as terrible as chaining dhelmise. 

First off, you need someon with scrappy to be even able to Falsw Swipe it. 

Then, it has megadrain/ and or gigadrain in it's movepool. The chance to call for help is increadibly low anyhow, so every point of HP makes it even worse.

Additionally the fucker usually knows either wrap or whirpool which do percant-based damage, meaning even outleveling it doesn't help.

And finally... even if you are doing EVERYTHING right, the chance to even successfully call for help is so incredibly low that most battles end with Dhelmise dying to it's own struggle without ever summoning a second one. With Adrenaline Orb, mind you. I JUST WANT MY RED ANCHOR, GODDAMMIT. 
The first shiny pokemon I encountered in the wild was a shiny alolan diglett. It called in another diglett which used magnitude and fainted the first one.
Geodude. All I want is a shiny geodude. But the damn things keep self destructing and it's impossible to chain. 
Shiny Wimpod fled from battle because False swipe missclick.
I was SOS chaining for a shiny Alolan Meowth with my Snorlax (i haven't set up my SOSmeargle yet) and using Leppa berries whenever I got low on PP. I think I was about 120+ mons in when I got tired of wasting my berries so I started switching to different pokemon. I used my Crabrawler for a little, then my Croconaw, and finally decided it'd be a great idea to use my Pikachu named Puka! This Puka has the ability Static. TIL that a Pokemon will not call for help if it has a status condition. Meh, hopefully this Meowth has some good IVs.
Used false swipe to get a Chansey down to one HP, switched out to paralyze it for good measure. Chansey used takedown...
Trying to catch Magby.  2x Smokescreen and Fire Spin spam = Zero progress.
Was using a Lurantis to grind a Regenerator Maernie or however it's spelled and I had so many speed debuffs that eventually one of the Maewhatsits outsped and killed the 1HP Corsola when I had it targeted with a +2 Leaf Blade...

Hours down the drain as I angrily reset. At least I managed to catch the replacement in a Beast Ball.
Dittos calling more dittos.
The first time I got to 30+ Dittos and not making Smeargle forget Sketch bit me in the ass.

Somehow Ditto managed to use all of Recycle's PP after somehow managing to use all of the Leppa Berries to restore Sketch... After 60+ chains the Ditto struggled and killed itself...
I tried the whole Bagon chaining, trying to catch a Salamence. After two hours, I had no luck and I decided to end it....then i realized EXP share was on and all of my part gained unnecessary Atk EVs

(sigh) My poor Modest Chudette (Pikachu)
Friggin' dewpider. Been trying to chain for a shiny going on five days now.
OP, I can testify to that. Trying to chain for it and it keeps killing itself with Take Down, its only move, AND has only 20PP. Since then I've been bringing Ghost-types and a mon with Thunder Wave so at least I won't be affected by TD and can extend my time somewhat with the paralyze.

But yes, screw those metal eyeball-leg things.
Salandit. I had no Fairy type and double Dragon Rage absolutely chewed through my team. 
I had a bugged SOS battle against a Wishiwashi before Lana's trial actually started. I brought the thing down to like 3 HP. But it kept. Calling. For help. Even after I put it to sleep, it kept calling for help and I was so annoyed because i wanted to catch it. Still wish I knew how that happened that it was anle to break the mechanic entirely like that.
Was using my Belly Drum Snorlax to KO dittos, enter a HA ditto with 
Quick Powder.
I wanted to catch a drifloon for one of the side quests. Whenever I'd get close to throwing a pokeball, it would keep calling for help. The help kept coming. This was back when I didn't realize that status effects can stop it from asking for help so I just kept fighting off its allies.

Thankfully after a very very long chain, the help finally didn't arrive. I caught it, and I eventually researched a way to make my life easier the next time. It was painful.

Edit: I just wanted to add that I didn't have a pokemon that could make it sleep yet either.

trying to catch female salandit, keeps calling all the boys to the yard
This just happened within he last hour.

I was chaining Skarmory to try and get the metal coat so I can evolve my scyther, and it took like two and a half hours of two-shotting them with my mimikyu.  Thief, then shadow sneak, over and over again. I jokingly told my sister that I'd run into a shiny before I got the metal coat.

Three SOS calls later, and what pops up? 

A GODDAMN SHINY SKARMORY. 

I almost took it out simply out of spite if it hadn't called for another one that FINALLY had my metal coat.

So now I have the item I was looking for, and my sister's getting a shiny Skarmory, since I don't wanna look at that dull bronze bird wasting away in my PC.
About 50+ mudbrays into a chain. Been alternating between my Decidueye and Fearow (both with false swipe). None of mudbrays moves affected Fearow so when I sent in Decidueye I barely even noticed that he was being hit with bulldoze, which lowers the speed stat. Eventually two mudbrays are up and I target one with leaf blade.  The new mudbray proceeds to outspeed me and kill the other with a bulldoze, and I watch helplessly as Decidueye hits the remaining one with a leaf blade. 2 hours of my life, gone.
Comfey is pretty horrid.

Double Wrap?
So is it nearly impossible to catch a pokemon without using a status move now? I haven't got the game yet but SOS battles sound really awful.
Exeggcute called for help!

Exeggcute used sleep powder!

Exeggcute called for help!

Exeggcute used sleep powder!

Exeggcute called for help!

Exeggcute used sleep powder!


I tried to catch a Ditto I found. I let it cost Charjabug since I thought it has the highest catch rate. Ditto called for help and its friends copied my team and beat the shit out of me. I was almost wiped by my in team. Managed to barely escape with a low health Brionne that faced my Gigalith a and Tsareena. 
Never ending ditto chain
I fucking hate beldum lol. Mainly because I didn't have a pokemon that can inflict statuses, I just want to catch the damn thing. I rage quitted and took out Ribombee from my PC, caught him in like the 10th ball.
It's not as bad as some of the other stories on here, but it's still something. 

This was early in the game, when I got to the second island and was trying to catch a Cubone. I got his health down to about a half, but he called for help. I knocked out the support, but then he called out another one. In an attempt to stop the first Cubone from calling for help (I thought only he could do that), I sent out my Pelliper and used Air Cutter (it damages both enemies). The first Cubone is knocked out, and the second one had its health down to half. 

And then that bastard called for help.

We went in a loop like that for, maybe, 10 times. I kept knocking out the half-dead one, but the one remaining always called for help. Without fail. I didn't even know it was possible. Eventually I got fed up with it and finished them off.
I wanted Salamence's dex entry and didn't want to grind, so I went to Route 3 looking for a Bagon. Some hours later I encounter a Bagon, go to False Swipe it and... realize I forgot to put False Swipe back on my Lurantis. Oops.

Several hours later I finally find Bagon again, and after a copious number of SOS calls it still hasn't called a Salamence. (Note that Bagon does not have a very high chance to call for help in the first place.) When Salamence finally appears, I decide that Salamence's dex entry isn't worth the amount of time I've spent already, so I knock it out and keep chaining. I decided that when I fill that dex entry, I wanted it to be with a shiny Salamence.

So yeah. Not really a bad experience per se, but it took FOREVER.
Not counting Lurantis calling Castform


Twice now I've accidentally fucked up a chain by killing the starter species (Poliwag) or the remaining Mon (Bruxish)

and i had thosr chains going for a long time too, one for politoed and the other for shiny

fml
So far trying to get a shiny female Salandit is starting to piss me off, I already found 3 shiny males D:<
I love OP
...

Why don't you just kill the original Pokémon and catch the help?

EDIT: The help never calls for another Pokémon. I've never had a problem with SOS!

EDIT 2: Oh, I guess they don't always call for their own species. In that case, status them!
Totem Salazzle + Salandit

Taunted and tormented every time with a slow team.
Trying to catch an Oranguru. So.. many.. Trumbeaks.. and Oranguru really doesn't give a shit about my Ultra Balls, when he is in the red. Blessed be the Timer Ball though. 
Ditto. It's the worst.
Rough Skin Gabite...

First you need sandstorm, great!
So you have this stupid damage from it in bonus... Well let's use the safety goggles, it will be usefull for once.

Now you have to chain on 3 possible mon...

Sandile: It has swagger and can use it on the SoS mon too! And can decrase your accuracy. Screw that

Trapnich: It knows dig which block the sos call when it use it... great

Dugtrio: It knows 2 attacks which are aoe (And it killed my first rough skin Gabite. ><)

So you basically have to pick your poison, neither is great. I pick Dugtrio because Trapnich bother me with dig and Sandile is even worse.

So I caught a Pelipper for super effective + dodge all attack + can be caught 55+

But the nightmare didn't end, Digtrio will obviously try to kill it and Gabite has Take Down... And I think that Gabite has 10% chance spawn rate, at least that's what I got.

Took me 2h30 in total to get it... When I though that Mareanie was bad
Came in trying to catch Magby

Came out with a Magmar and all but one Pokémon dead
MUDSLAP GRUBBINS
So this was early on in the game, I had set up a chain of 60+ for a vulpix, my false swipe Decidueye got knocked so I mindlessly switched to Salazzle. The main vulpix was at 1hp (had the intention to catch it as it was HA with probably good ivs). This little shit calls another vulpix, so I'm like sure, whatever. 
Basically...
#I MADE SALAZZLE USE FLAME BURST#

It killed the called in vulpix but the fking burst of flame hit the one at one hp. I kicked myself for ages for being an idiot... 
ive been sos battling this same chain for 3 days still no shiny magickarp
Trying to catch a Gabite through this. The Sandile finally calls him in after 9 summons and I use false swipe on Gabite to catch him easily. The Sandile decides to use Swagger on the now 1 HP Gabite. Gabite tries to attack me and dies from confusion. It was a frustrating lesson learned to make sure the Pokemon you want to capture without any worries needs to be alone.
I have two bad experiences : 

- first, I wanted to catch Corsola and Mareanie but I can't throw a pokéball when the two are on the field.

- second, I wanted to catch a Ditto, he called another Ditto and they both transformed into Incineroar. It was haaaaard to catch!
You will laugh at fighting Beldum when you fight Zubat with a team equal to their level. What's that, you don't need a Zubat? Too bad, you can't leave. What's that, you haven't attacked the Zubat? Too bad, it's getting help. What's that, you rid of one? Too bad, it'll call another. What's that, you finally deafeted them all? Eh, give it five steps, they'll find you.

 You will not pass Diglett's Tunnel if you don't have repels or high leveled Pokes, it just won't happen.
Totem Wishiwashi only had Popplio and Trumbeak on my team Wishiwashi manages to ko my Trumbeak but has low health so I was feeling confident that my Popplio that had like 2 attacking moves both of which were not effective could take it out, next thing it calls in an Alomomola which spams heal pulse and helping hand. Eventually it takes out my Popplio and all I've left is an under levelled Grimer that I had never used and forgot I even had I used poison fang and got lucky and poisoned it, next thing I know the Wishiwashi had some ability (can't remember which) that got rid of status effects which made no sense to me because I thought it only had the one ability schooling, I'm putting that one down to it being a Totem Pokemon that doesn't follow the rules, anyway eventually after using all the revives I had left hit finishes off my team so I grind until my team is able to rip that wishwashi apart. Before this encounter I actually liked wishiwashi now it is my greatest enemy 
Ditto.

Only pokemon I had for catching stuff with me was a Snorlax with Body Slam and hold back. And rest and snore.

So I send out snorlax. It copies it. I chip it down with body slam, get the paralysis, all going good.

It summons another one just when it gets into the red. So now I have to kill that one. I switch to another pokemon to kill the second one faster, and the first one uses rest. And restores to full health.

So I kill the second, and wait for it to call another one. It calls another ditto.

So I kill the first one that's the snorlax, let the second one transofmr into my Machoke.

So then I send it Snorlax, start the chipping again. Another ditto is called. It copies Snorlax. The Machoke kills my Snorlax with Brick Break.

I now have no hold back, and no false swipe.

I revive the Snorlax while using Salandit to chip down Machoke.

I kill the Ditto-snorlax.

I throw a dusk ball (was night). Machoke breaks out. Calls for help. Another ditto appears. Copies Salandit.

Uses Toxic on my salandit.

I realise I just got lucky, though.

Kill machoke. Take off a chunk of the ditto-salandit's health.

Send in Snorlax. Throw dusk ball. It breaks out. Doesn't call for help. Hold Back, it doesn't call for help. Throw dusk ball.

Hands shaking now.

Pzap. Clink-clink.

Blep.

Blep...

*hands sweating*

...Blep...

*pleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleaseplease*

Click!

BOOYAH MOTHERFUCKER!!!
Was trying to catch a trumbeak when it sosed another one every single time  and when it didn't it would just break out of the ball every single time. I eventually caught it, boxed it and named it something stupid
Dewpider using spiderweb on my Torracat and then calling for backup every turn because I could not one-shot a dewpider so everytime I got one low/took one out the other would call for help so I got stuck fighting Dewpider's for like 8 minutes. 
Not that bad of a story but I am nuzlocking so it was a little scary.
chaining for a shiny riolu finally came across after 145 calls  i ran out of pp with my Decidueye bc he kept S.O.S calling  (i came really unprepared ran out of PP) ended up killing him while i wasnt paying attention, i came back with a haunter, gengar, and a extra decidueye and caught another shiny riolu after like 69 chains 
I was trying to get Snow Warning Vulpix so I could do a Christmas giveaway.

Literally 100 Snow Cloak Vulpix's.
My friend was insane enough to catch a beldum with a beast ball. To be fair the end result was worth it.
Had a munchlax at the time and I encountered a Ghastly.  No real moves to deal with it so I ran away.  Couldn't run away, Gastly used confuse ray then calls in another Gastly.  Try to run away again, couldn't run away.  Gastly used Cursed, other Gastly used MeanLook.

FML
Attempted to find a Hidden Ability Garchomp.

Screw Sandile. Why did they have to have Embargo & Swagger??
I was trying to get a Mareanie and had been chaining for an hour and a half before I gave up. Literally, all I got was Luvdiscs. 

Those little heart-shaped mother fuckers would not stop coming. 

Just an endless barrage of useless Pokémon. 

That night I dreamed that Luvdiscs were swarming around me, trying to kill me.


A Ghost type makes catching Beldum bearable (Haunter with Hypnosis works well)
Im at over 900 killed sandygasts in 2 chains (one around 300, the other at 639) and still no goddamn shiny.

I even look like sandygast now, just entirely made of salt.
Funniest shit ever. Sos oricorio. One uses teeter dacne. Confuses my pokemon and the other one. The the other uses teeter dance as well thanks to its dancer ability and now they are both confused.
My team was almost wiped trying to catch a cubone
Dittos.

SOS Brioone should not be a thing.
Magby/magmar smokescreen infinite help call.
Entered the battle expecting to catch Magby easily

Left with a Magmar and all but one pokémon fainted
Trying to get Defense EVs for my Meranie on Geodude and they keep using self destruct.
I had to chain about 120 Pokemon in order to get a Happiny.
boy oh boy I can't wait to catch a clefairy

*several sos calls later*

boy oh boy I can't wait to murder another cleffa
i can't find castform to save my life, where is everybody getting theirs?
Slowpoke. Fuck slowpoke. He has yawn, growl, and curse... I spent way too long trying to go for the HA with my pancham.
Wanted a shiny cubone. After 380 attempts I get nothing! Starting to think that the shiny chance does go to 1/512 and doesn't increase exponentially.
The pom-pom style oricorio wouldn't freaking stop calling things! x.x had to go through five of them before i could finally catch it!
I went from a full 20/20 on Pluck down to 8/20 trying to stop a low-health psyduck from calling other psyducks. I legitimately killed 12 SoS psyducks in a row.

... I used an ultra ball on it, because going through any more would have been horrible.
Bonsly 

That was god awful 

It was an unwanted hour of chaining just to catch one bonsly and I didn't even get to see a shiny.
i remember zubat hell from the previous games, leech life, confuse, poison, leech life, confuse. 

game freak thought it would be good to double the enjoyment of zubat hell, i.e. it went from -6 to -12.
The numbers you can catch are switched for the version exclusive Ultra Beasts.

Moon catches four Pheramosa, and two Celesteela. Sun catches two Buzzwole, and four Kartana.
I'm having the exact same problem, I got a pheromosa really quickly though which is weird
Hahaha are you me?!
Have you just put up your Kartana for one via deposit rather than looking through open listings? The only listings that stay open are ones that are less likely to be filled. The ones that are actually Celesteela for Kartana probably get picked up in seconds and are easily missed.

Otherwise, people are likely trading Celesteela for others to get better natures or better IVs.
Did you spell the name correctly when you make a trade request? It's possible to attempt to trade for a misspelled named pokemon, but no one else can see it.

If not, then yeah, it's weird. Refresh the trade (take back and put it up for offer again), that way it's back in the front. I'll trade my spare celesteela on gts tonight when I get off work.
Because everyone loves Lillie and we all want more.
I, personally, want a Pokemon Global game.

One where there isn't as much a focus on one overarching story, but that includes travel to all the regions we have seen, the miniregions (like the Sevii Islands), maybe throw in the Orange Islands, etc.

Doing this would also allow for capture of all Pokemon in one game without trade/transfer.

I know such a thing would be impossible to make right now, and people would inevitably complain about the lack of story and the poor scaling (as that would also be impossible), but would be extremely interesting.

Furthermore, making it so that the story that does exist can cross regions.

Maybe you meet someone in your first region who, like Lillie, goes to another region. That region you go to as your 4th and you can see how they progressed in their own travels.

Again, it is impossible, but would certainly interest me.
A mix of nostalgia and all the gen 1 pandering going on for the last two gens in the form of most of the Megas and Alolan forms.
Nostalgia > All other known forces.
I don't think people want a game that's just RBY with updated graphics, it's that they want it to tie in with SM and all the Kanto references, or do something like expand on the Team Rocket plot.  Make them more than incompetent thieves, go into detail about Giovanni and his cloning experiments and Mewtwo's creation.
Not a remake, a sequel.
Like Black 2 and White 2
I kind of want to see Kanto and Johto in 3D. Sinnoh would be cool too, but it feels weird that only the regions from Gen 3, 6, and 7 are in 3D. 


I like one game with both Johto and Kanto together in 3D would be cool, and then we could go onto Sinnoh and all. 
Personally I think its kind of justified because FRLG are kind of primitive by today's standards when compared to more recent Pokémon instalments. 
Because both version are outdated, red and blue cartridges are dying and firered and leafgreen have become hard to find with a serious issue with bootlegs. While the virtual console is fine it's just a severely outdated game
I wouldn't mind a Kanto/Johto game with a new story and updated graphics. A remake would not be good.
its almost like people dont realize, you cant play anything other than a port of Kanto on the 3ds.  Every single other generation you can buy a game, put the cart in and play it.  Kanto remake will be next.
I want a FR/LG remake/sequel/whatever because I can't play them on my 3DS
No more Kanto please unless Lillie is involved. 

The resurgence of shadow pokes from the 3rd gen GameCube games is my most wanted remake. Unpopular opinion. 
I would suggest getting a Weavile
You lack a water type. 
you should be fine. I did mine with 4 underlevelled bug types.
but if you were to add another one, you could use a water one, maybe Bruxish or Wishi.
I know your late in game so not gonna recommend anything like Wishi Washi, though it would do very well. Maybe get a Weavile or Vulpix/Sandshrew from victory road
So you have
Grass/Ghost
Fire/Poison
Ghost/Fairy
Bug/Electric
Ground

Basically you have type covering for each Elite Four which is good, but you may have difficulty with a few specific pokemon here and there.

Outside of anything, most of what people suggested would be fine.
Araquanid??
About to fight E4 too. I have

Decidueye, Incineroar, Mimikyu, Tododile, Talonflame and A-Raichu. Am i Good?

(Incineroar was my starter, got rowlett from homie and tododile from QR)
While that scene was a pretty interesting nod to some of the less kid-friendly corners of the fandom, I missed his first love, that female Meowth.
Was anybody else expecting Giovanni in a speedo in the middle of the desert?
Glaceon got the bedroom eyes if ever I've seen 'em...
the detailed closeups made me laugh
I thought they were gonna go for the Team Charm reference, but I guess this makes sense as well.
In reality he was slowly crossing over into the afterlife lol
I laughed way more than i should.

The writers know about their fanbase Likings and theyre poking fun at it, what else could be better than that?
I mean, I know a few people who are right there with Meowth...
Holy neckbeard.
Which episode is this?
Stop perverting my Glaceon!
Yes. I synchronized Type: Null and it worked every time.
Yup.
What do you mean by "events"? Traditionally Mystery Gift Pokemon are immune to the Synchronize trick. Is that different now?
I think it refers to the legendary you didn't encounter. So he's saying Lunala (Sun) or Solgaleo (Moon) should have appeared but didn't. Maybe that's too simple of an explanation but idk.
Maybe Lusamine was right 0o0
Nope, just there to tempt you :)

COOL
head over to [/r/pokemontrades](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/) or [/r/casualpokemontrades](https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualPokemonTrades/)
This happened to me a few days ago when a Super Potion healed 61 HP. I thought I was going crazy, but I guess not.
Was the poke u were healing a high rank in pokemon refresh?  Alot of random stuff from refresh
I also don't think it was amazons idea so I don't know if you should blame them. I don't know why they bother making a code for quick ball. =/ Master ball maybe? ><
Well it's better than what I got from amazon, which was a big fat nothing. 
Oh boy , two in a row that are SALTY about something FREE.   If somebody makes you a sandwhich and it isn't that good , you atleast thank them before just fucking the sandwhich off
beast ball is a rare thing. I would keep it....or give it to me haha
I say yes, keep it.

I am currently trying to catch all the Pokemon I can in Beast Balls for a living dex and am jealous.
If you have a bottle cap to fix that speed and a good nature, I would say definitely keep it. Catching a non-ultra beast in a beast ball is 10 times harder than an average Pokeball.
Sucks that it is Adamant, usually you'd want he opposite, but having it with good stats in a Beast Ball is pretty sweet.
**One does not simply ask** how to [EV train](http://pokemondb.net/pokebase/151783/how-do-evs-and-ivs-work)...
Dusk ball? 
I saw a video where someone then switched to grimer with only memento after the recycle/leppa combo and just spammed adrenaline orbs, that way you don't need to attack
woah, pretty nice strategy! Thanks for sharing!
Or use an adrenaline orb when it doesn't call for help......after you use one it wont use a second one even if you try.
I thought that it didn't have to be the original pokemon, as long as it was the same family as the original?
Can someone explain what you're all talking about here. I'm pretty clueless about EV/IV training. I really only understand how natures work, and typically just breed something with Adamant or Modest. 
Nice tipp. I'm using Stufful as Transform fodder with Marowak as False Swiperby now, for roughly the same reason. Though Stufful also has the added effect of keeping me from going crazy, as seeing three cute stuffed animals on the field always makes me smile.

I needed that after a full afternoon of failed chains because of dumb mistakes and crits. I was complete ass at chaining in DPPt because my luck always let me down and it's not much better here either. But at least I can rig it here.
You can just use an antidote on a non poisoned pokemon and waste the turn without attacking
Couldn't you also use a smeargle with only the move recycle and give ditto a leppa berry? Then you'd only have to use GHOST type moves to keep from killing the ditto/smeargle.


I had to take a break yesterday 43 dittos into a chain because I killed one by accident. And I was using a pencil because I didn't want to spam a and accidentally hit it. Over an hour of play wasted if you ignore the HP EVs. 
This is a good tip. I accidentally broke a 40 dratini chain and then had to spend another hour just to find another dratini so this stuff definitely happens. I used the munchlax method and got a 4iv ditto. Can you get a 6iv one with chaining? 
What's your highest Ditto Chain count?
the fault in this is that when you find an imposter ditto, you'll have to change pokes
I feel like this would fall apart when you start getting imposter dittos. Don't even get the chance to murder your ditto before it becomes immune 
The fact that you need to act in order to prevent yourself from attacking is why the Pokemon series needs a "Wait" option.
Pelago
Definitely Poke Pelago, it's got the giant beanstalk sprout right in the middle.
I think the term "it all comes together" refers to us, the fandom, coming together to figure out the identity of Masked Royal 
Not to mention returning characters from every generation save for gen 2.
So with the remakes of Gen 4 coming, would the ORAS Looker who can't remember anything be the Gen 4 Looker that existed in a universe without Mega Evolution?

Would it be possible that a Gen 4 remake connects the dots of the open Ultra Wormholes that transported Anabel and Looker, considering Gen 4 introduces not only the Distortion World dimension, but also the portal(s) that summon Dialga/Palkia?
I feel like the post games are not meant to be taken by themselves and there's a definitive order to the story but it was published out of order.

Looker is a Faller right? Sure he has the same MO has Annabelle. He washed up with little to no memory of who or where he was for Just his name and vague details. He says during the Post Game that he joined Interpol ten years ago. Given that he washed up on shore of the Battle Resort with no memory of who he was we can safely infer that ORAS took place ten years before SuMo. 

XY, Sinna and Dexio mention that the events of XY already happened. If we go by the tweet from the game director, B2W2 take place at the same time as XY. (this is important later)  Annabelle falls somewhere between XY and now. (Or between ORAS and XY but she doesn't pass Looker in rank until after XY)

SuMo we learn about the fallers. We learn that we ourselves are fallers. However the difference is this - we know how we fell and when. With Annabelle and Looker ... we don't have any slight idea how, when, why, or who brought them here. Except for Looker. We can make guesses as to the point in time (game wise) when he fell. 

Let's look at the very first time we meet Looker in the games ever. Platinum. The first game we get a glimpse of a second dimension. A Fold in space.

According to the tweet from Matsumiya,  BW come next.  Looker has a big role in that. 

Next however, we have B2W2 with no looker. So 2 years after the events of BW we have no more looker. I believe that he fell into ORAS around this time. Matsumiya's tweet puts ORAS BEFORE XY. We know both are a part of the new time line, while everything before XY (sans Megas) is Prime Time. 

The story of the post games is what is tying everything together. Not the main story itself. I almost wonder if the Sinnoh remakes, the games all about time and space/dimensions, will be a main story about fallers and where they came from/who brought them here. 

What's interesting to note is that Looker would have had to of fallen without his partner pokemon.  Anabelle however, came through with hers. It's important to note that, and I could be mis-remembering, they say a Faller is anyone who has stepped through a dimensional portal.  Not necessarily traveled to the UB's realm.  However, it could very well be that the UB's realm is the "space between."  Think of the Bubble Theory.  Every Universe is wrapped up in it's own bubble. There has to be space between these bubbles. That's what the UB's realm is.  

Come January we might get even more info due to Pokebank being accessible and the ability to transfer gen1 pokemon in. I can't wait to see if Game Freak is actually going this deep and so far more and more evidence is coming out with each new game that they are. 

Actually, we have no reliable way of knowing if it's really the Anabel from Emerald. It could, as well, have been the Anabel from the Mega Evolution universe.

But how could she run the Battle Tower in ORAS if there is none, you ask? Well, it's simpler than you may think.

Even though there is no Battle Frontier, nor a Battle Tower in ORAS, we have the Battle Resort. By exploring the island a bit, you'll find a fountain in the middle of the island. Nearby is a panel that tell us about a future planned construction, which is, you guess it, the Battle Frontier.

In other words, just like the phone function of the PokéNav (that we get to use in it's beta version in the Delta Episode), the Battle Frontier may possibly be a bit farther in the Mega Evolution timeline, and thus, not seen in-game.

This can effectively prove that Anabel effectively exist in the Mega Evolution timeline, but that we just don't see her in ORAS for the sole reason that the Battle Frontier doesn't exist yet.

However, don't worry, your theory actually make a lot of sense too. Why didn't she actually return to her tower before the events of Sun/Moon? Maybe the Battle Frontier never went to exist in the Mega Evolution timeline, and thus, she never got to see her tower again? Or maybe she just didn't get to exist at all in the Mega Evolution universe? There are so many questions to ask ourselves here.
Oh, it's another "take marketing speech at face value" episode.

What that phrase really means is "hey do you remember about that Pokémon thing you spent your childhood on? Watch how the series has grown in the last 20 years, and hold on to your seat because this year a new game is coming!".
I'm calling it now, Looker is Nanu/Nanu is Looker. Don't know how, don't know why, haven't played a Pokemon game since Gen 3. but as soon as my brothers who's been playing every gen told me that Looker has some secret lore and amnesia behind him I'm convinced.

Pokemon Z is looking reeeeeally bright considering the name suggests Z-moves and how the X/Y games have megas
Related to this theory, I keep on hearing that the Ultra Beasts destroyed all of the pre-Gen VI game worlds. I don't remember anything directly saying the Ultra Beasts destroyed any worlds so I think all of the evidence for that claim flew over my head. But if it is legit that would give a darker meaning to the 'series reset' part of the theory.


Actually, we may have been using the Ultra Wormhole since day 1. After all, each player's version of a game is like a different universe. And people trade Pokemon between their games. We've been using Pokemon from other dimensions since our first trade. It's possible the Ultra Wormhole was always present, just never identified until it sent out something without having anything put in.


What if it all comes together is talking about the Ultra Wormhole itself, and how we've been unknowingly making it grow stronger for 20 years. Are we to blame for the Ultra Beast situation? I don't think Gamefreak would go that far but it would be an interesting twist.
Wait does that mean N return is Confirmed?!
I know that the Nature isn't, so you can in fact restart until he gets a nature you want.

I don't know about the IVs. I think he at least had it in Sp. Attack and Speed, but I don't know. He can't breed though, so even if he did, you can't really do anything with them. If they aren't the greatest, you can always use bottle caps.
From what I found in a quick Google search, they're always 20/31/20/31/20/31.
Make sure you have a check for Porygon-Z, which is now insane, lest you get swept.
This thread on smogon's forum discusses exactly what you're looking for:

http://m.smogon.com/forums/threads/torrential-downpour-the-resurgence-of-rain.3586678/

It is a SM thread.
I have no idea since this is my first time trying to play competitive. I have only tried to build a competitive team once on showdown. But I do want to use Weavile since I have never used one before, not even back in Gen 4. I had one but I just never got around to using it, but I always thought it was a cool Pokemon. I know it was somewhat useful in VGC last year. Don't know how it will work out in the Sun and Moon meta.
Toxic rain team somehow. 
There are 3 types for every color: pastel, regular, and dark. Higher ranking dye shops give you access to regular and dark colors.

It also doesn’t matter what color the dye shop is, since you can use berries to make any color.
I have no idea.  I'm going to wait for someone to write an in depth FAQ before I mess with it.
The dye shops let you pay FC to change any white clothing item to their corresponding color, or you can give up certain Berries to dye any color. They're all pastels, as far as I'm aware, and there doesn't seem to be any other way to get them. 
I have a breeding question. So I have been breeding all day to get to a point where I have a fake out, ice shard female sneasel which I want to breed so the offspring have icicle crash. Now I have a smeargle with icicle crash but all offspring from between the two only have fake out and ice shard and can not learn icicle crash at the move relearners. Any help with getting a sneasel with fake out, icicle crash and ice shard would be much appreciated. 
Where can I find Hondew and Qualot berries? It says online that they are on route 10 under the tree but the berries aren't respawning and I have only collected about half of the EV reducing berries. Help? 
Does anyone have a genesect code?

Genesect is one of the three legendaries I was missing at the start of the yearlong distribution. 

Unfortunately, I wasn't anywhere near an EB games at all this month until a couple days ago, and the employee at the EB games said they'd been out for weeks. 

Is there any way for me to get one? Does someone have an extra code? I don't want to sound like I'm begging but honestly I'm pretty desperate.
Where can I get a white cap? I want to tye dye so it can be pink!
How do i get cosmoem if I pm trying for a living dex? I have things like HA mareanies if anyone wants to trade
are super repels still better than max repels? I was wondering because the game doesnt say how many steps that each is active for, and i wanted to know before i bought 99 of them.
Does anyone know if the Rare Kitchen 4 star has Rare Buffet and Dinner after reaching level 30? Serebii doesn't list it, but it seems that the Rare Kitchen 3* has the Rare Dinner, so I'm not sure.
Is there any point in keeping duplicate UB? I've been Wonder Trading my extras.
Is there a story element to mega evolving? Got a stone but I don't see an option in battle for it. 
Is there any word on box sets of the Pokemon Adventures manga HeartGold/SoulSilver chapters? I know they're only two volumes, but a nice box set would go well with the others for lining them up. Also, has there been any word on box sets for the full versions of the Black/White chapters? They only have those small half-sized volumes in three separate box sets right now.
I know Pokemon is just a video game, but I've realized some real life questions.

When you meet the Masked Royal for the first time, I've noticed that everybody believes it's the Professor. I don't have the game yet, but I've been watching multiple YouTubers play the games, and one of them said "Imagine if the MR wasn't the Professor but somebody who just sounded like him.

Honestly, I've decided that when I get the game, I won't be choosing the " Professor? " choice, but the other. It's pretty obvious it's probably the Professor, but from real life experience, I know that a bunch of people can sound similar to each other; especially on the phone. Wouldn't it seem proper/normal to just believe he's actually a completely different person?

In Po Town, the Team Skull say they couldn't pay rent and they ask for money. Yes, they seem to be bad, but they just made bad choices and it appears that they realize that.

I've watched a few TV shows about gangs and such, and I know from experience as well that they could lie to you and use that money for drugs instead. But on Beyond Scared Straight, some inmates have learned that they did wrong.

Now, after seeing what Team Skull said and knowing what I know about gangs, I'm honestly willing to pay $10 to get my team healed there. It would help them.

I know, I know, it's a video game. But honestly, wouldn't it be nice?

Yeah, I didn't really know how to put it into a question. 
Does Sp. Atk matter at all if you're not going to use any special moves? I have a Adamant Litten with perfect IVs except for Sp. Atk and I'm wondering if it will affect it in any way.
Do you need 301 and 302 to complete the Alola dex? ( Magearna and Marshadow )
How does Isle Avue in Pelago work with happiness and egg hatching?

As in: how much time does it take to get a pokemon from 0->255 happiness, and a egg from the breeder -> hatching?
I was playing around on Wonder Trade and received a lv 100 Ditto holding a Destiny Knot. Since that seems too good to be true, I'm guessing it might have been...less than legitimately obtained. If so, is there any danger in using it?
How often does natural rain occur in Sun/Moon?  I'm still on Akala Island, hunting down some of the last few Pokemon before moving on.  According to Serebii, Castform and Goomy only appear in Lush Jungle when it naturally rains there.

I've yet to see it rain.  Does it not happen till post game?  Is it triggered by chance when entering (so I should just run in and out of Lush Jungle till it finally has rain)?  Or is it time based, so if it isn't raining, I shouldn't bother checking again for a few hours?
What is the quickest way to determine a legendary Pokemon's nature and IV's while SRing? Do I need to catch it to check, or is there a way to check during the fight? I'm trying with Tapu Koko right now.
So I just got some IV'ed pokemon like a 5 IV'ed Gible and Stufful. How do you raise them? Do I just fight pokemon that would give an Attack EV to the pokemon or how does raising LEVEL 1 IV'ed Pokemon work?
Can anyone help me with suggestions for my causal team? I'm on Ula'Ula island still. Looking for suggestions for changing nature, moves etc. I like Pangoro, Marowak, and Raichu so far. I'm open to switching out the others for different pokemon.

Pangoro (Fighting/Dark) lvl 35 - Iron Fist

Karate Chop, Comet Punch, Body Slam, Bullet Punch

Alola Raichu (Electric/Psychic) lvl 40 - Surge Surfer

Thunder Shock, Thunder Wave, Psychic, Spark

Alola Marowak (Fire/Ghost) lvl 39 - Cursed Body

Bone Club, Flame Charge, Boomerang, Rage

Gengar (Ghost/Poison) lvl 40 - Cursed Body

Venoshock, Shadow Ball, Shadow Claw, Night Shade

Archen (Rock/Flying) lvl 34 - Defeatist

Rock Throw, Ancient Power, Dragon Breath,Pluck

Munchlax (Normal) lvl 18 - Thick Fat

Chip Away, Lick, Hold Back, Amnesia
is there any android app that show sun&moon pokémon locations?
I can't seem to find Petilil in the meadow; it should have a 30% encounter rate in Moon, right?
How do I get the pokemon visiting me on Isle Abeens at Poke Pelago to stay permanently? Whenever I click on it it just says come back tomorrow, but when I come back they are gone and a different pokemon is visiting instead.
Question about the Festival Plaza: One of the shops you can get is a Ball Shop, is it possible to buy Heavy Ball from a higher rank ball shop?
Pokemon Sun and moon :  Is chainbreeeding a still working mechanic also how does CHainbreeding work I forgot :D
Pokemon any Game : Is there a way to create your custom ROm (e.g Box 1 filled with Gyrados Shinies)?

Is SSilver a good Pokemon game to nuzlocke first?
How much does the shiny chance go up while chaining?

I'm on a Ditto chain of 114 right now, I originally just went for good IVS but now I want to go for a shiny. How much have my odds increased? What about the odds for perfect IVS?
Shiny Charm-Catch em all or see em all?

Has anyone else noticed paralysis effecting pokemon calling for help? I think it stops them doing it. This carbink was calling almost constantly, it's at 1hp. Hit it with thunder wave, now it doesn't call. Is this a known interaction? A fluke where it should be calling, but it's just not due to chance? 
hey guys i just started playing pokemon moon. After completing the first trial on the third island my game suddenly stopped and a screen popped up saying my game card was removed even though it was in the 3ds. So i restarted the system and next thing I know my game data was corrupted. I didn't use Pkhex or any hack, was just going through the story. Is there anyway to prevent this from happening again? should I exchange my game for another copy? Thanks
Is it possible to get HA starters using island scan in Sun/Moon?
I have a question about Emergency Exit. Say your Golisopod is at 60% HP, and you switch it in onto SR (or spikes), and is therefore dropped below 50%. Will it immediately be forced back out, effectively taking 50% damage from stealth rocks? (25% for the first time, then forced out due to being below 50, then another 25% the next time it's switched in?)
Has anyone figured out how the trade ban for having a disconnect works? My wi-fi constantly disconnects me and it finally hit during a trade, so now I'm banned and I don't know for how long. Was trying to give a friend a ditto so she could breed her starter.
Is there anyplace or npc that you can check your longest chain at in sun/moon?
More a request then a question, but does anyone have qr codes for all of minior's colors including his shiny.  Most lists only have the one for the core.  (If these even exist at all...)
Is there a list I can get of what pokemon would be available on each route as I go through the game? I don't want spoilers from the walkthroughs, but I'd also like to know if I'm missing out on any of the rarer pokemon before I move to the next area. 

I found one that just had a list in pokedex order, but I was hoping for something along the lines of Route 1 - these pokemon, Route 2 - these pokemon, etc
Lillie always asks questions with different response options and I really want to know what she says if you don't give her the "nice" answer all the time. Anyone know where I can find a collection of her alternate dialogues?
Thanks!
can you make a good team from these pokemon if not what is your reccommended team fro someone currently on island 3: Snorlax Decidueye Toxapex Gigalith Goliopod Mimikyu Drampa Metagross Carracosta
Did someone get the safety goggles from the hiker in Haina Desert? I'm playing moon and he didnt give them to me, ive tried in day and night and still nothing
I am wondering if there is an easy checklist or at least a website listing all Alola pokemon in numeric order of the "Alola Pokedex" (not National Dex) WITH location information (including, route, evolve, stone to evolve, etc.) right next to it for ease. I am going for shiny charm and I'm lazy! 

I've found other resources that have this information spread out like Serebii and the drop down boxes where I can select each pokemon individually, but I'm hoping for something with all of the info on one page.

I used "Poke Checklist" back in the day and it is exactly what I'm after, but it isn't updated for Sun/Moon yet. It is a good example of what I'm after, though!
Does the Minior shirt actually exist? I saw the description for Minior and that it is used as a design on shirts on Alola. Is this actually true or is it just Pokedex gibberish?
[removed]
Does anyone know how Gamefreak or Nintendo handles cloned Pokemon? I got a shiny off wonder trade and pretty sure its hacked or cloned. Thanks for reading.
Hi.
I would like some advices to chain ditto to get a 4-iv one (31+ dittos chain).
He is supposed to use Struggle when he can't use anything else but he uses it pretty fast. I give him a low level mob to transform in with 4 abilities at 30/40PP but he uses struggle for some reasons.
Can someone explain me why and how am i supposed to chain ditto ? Thanks!
Are Ultra Beasts playable in Online Ranked VGC rule set?
Can I still between X and Y or ORAS? Can it be taken down in the future?
So the first Pokemon game I played since red/blue as a child was Omega Ruby and I played it and beat it when I was on vacation and didnt get too deep into it. I just got Moon.

I feel like I'm doing the same thing with Moon. Just playing and beating. I feel somewhat under leveled. I read some of the poke subs and feel like I'm missing so much (breeding, Competition, shiny farming/hunting).

Wheres a good place to start with the other stuff introduced now in the game rather than catching and grinding (training).
Edit*formatting
How would you guys rate the difficulty of Sun/Moon as compared to say X/Y or HG/SS? Am about to get the game soon, just wanted to be mentally prepared (?).
For anyone that has both Sun and Moon, is the day/night cycle different between the two? 

I have Moon and they've switched it so when it's daytime in real life it's night in the game
Is it worth keeping Volt Tackle on Alolan Raichu, or should I replace it with Thunderbolt?
My first encounter with Wimpod it ran away, i've seen that it's suppose to respawn in 24 hours it hasn't and now i've gotten to Poni Wilds where the other one is suppose to be and it isn't there at all. Is any one else having this issue?
I want to breed a level 1 minccino in a timer ball; if possible with the hidden ability.   (gen 6)
  
what would the parent pokemon need to make it possible? 
Is it possible to transfer pokemon from Omega Ruby to Moon? I just bought both today and just wanna know for curiosity.
Anyone know if its possible to get a legit Kanto Meowth? Or any other Kanto forms? 
I have a New 3DS XL yet Sun is still laggy at times, especially in 2-on-2 battles. Is this normal?
I want to get into breeding, but I honestly have no idea how.

I want to breed, for instance, a Mimikyu to have the best stats it can. I just bred a female Mimikyu with Naive nature, 12 HP, 7 speed, and 6 in every other stat. Is that a good start? How can I improve it? How high can they get? Every time I try to find these answers, I see explanations that are totally out of my realm of understanding, and every major source of information gets complicated real quickly.
I know in past games Riolu had to level during daytime with high happiness, but how does he evolve in Moon? Daytime in the game, night time in real life or daytime in real life, night time in game?
Any tips on evolving Munchlax? I've fed it until it was full and maxed out its affection in Refresh, and levelled it up a bunch, but nothing. It's holding the Soothe Bell too.
Any tips on evolving Munchlax? I've fed it until it was full and maxed out its affection in Refresh, and levelled it up a bunch, but nothing. It's holding the Soothe Bell too.
When breeding Pokémon, if one (or both) of the parents is shiny, does this increase the chance of the offspring being shiny? I've tried to look this up but keep coming across conflicting information (namely people arguing about its validity).
So I think this has been asked before but I'm still confused. Can you not get shadow bone at all from leveling cubone or alolan marowak.
So after fixing my clock (it was several hours behind due to previous Animal Crossing time traveling) it seems that all the shops and locations that are once a day resets don't seem to be resetting and are missing their stock entirely. Is this a permanent issue or will it fix after a few days?
So, in Sun, I have a Pikachu and an Alakazam on my team. Should I evolve Pikachu if I already have that Alakazam on my team or not?
So I never had any gen 3 games as a kid, I recently decided to buy a DS Lite along with Fire Red and Emerald so I can play the games through and transfer the exclusive pokemon to my gen 4 and up games. Yet when I load up the main menu for my Platinum/Pearl versions with Fire Red/Emerald in the dual slot, I never get the "Migrate" button to pop up. This is obviously very aggravating because I don't like wasting my money, and I REALLY wanted Ludicolo in gen 4. As far as I'm aware I've met every requirement for it, I've got the national dex in Platinum, visited the Pal Park to open it up, and I have plenty more than just 6 pokemon in my PC in my gen3 games. So I have no clue if something is wrong with 1. My gen 4 games, 2. My gen 3 games, or 3. My DS Lite. All I know is I really want this problem fixed. Please somebody help me out here.
Is there a way we can export our character portrait from the game? In X & Y we were able to have our picture taken and then saved as a file. Does Sun & Moon have a mechanic like this or is there a workaround to screenshot the top screen on the DS?
I wish S/M would have mentioned something about Azoth Island/Project Azoth without us waiting for a potential surprise after Magearna is distributed.  I also wish AZ's Floette and AZ would have had something to do with the story line.  I don't want to wait for a new generation or a year for the potential D/P remakes to resolve a three year old story, let alone Zinnia from ORAS...
SM

So, uh, can we catch more Ultra Beast after the missions?
How do you release Pokemon?!?!
How do you see the opposite Legendary in Sun/Moon so it's marked as seen in the pokedex? I'd like to search for Lunala in GTS but can't without seeing it first. Sun Version
Is Type:Null and Silvally a legendary/Ultra Beast? The only threads discussing this that I can find are before the games release.  
Evidence for: they cannot breed, have even stats, and Silvally has the same stat total as the Tapus.  
Evidence against: they're lower in the Dex than regular Pokémon and definitely the other legendaries and/or Ultra Beasts
I've caught the 4 Guardian Dieties, is there anything special that happens now? I wasn't sure if that unlocked something or I need to show them to anyone or something.
Is Ribombee wearing a scarf?
Just for conformation weather sos battles only happen during natural weather not when activated with an ability/move?

Also do we have any data on the weather patterns?  When it changes, how often does it change, how long will it last, is there some indication, what is its rarity?  At the very least about how often should I fly to lush jungle/malie garden/wherever to check the weather.
Question about EVs. They just don't seem to be adding up for me. Trying to breed my first competitive Pokemon ever. It's a Cubone right now. It's gone wrong twice now. I get one with 5 IVs where I want them (all but spA) and transfer Pokerus to it.

The spread I'm going for is 252HP/180ATK/68SPDefense/4DEF/4SPD.

252 is easy to get. I just kill a 7 chain with power item and pokerus. That makes the HP stat shine when I look at it on the EV page. Next is where I'm having problems. 

For attack I did the following: Spinarak = 1 attack EV. + power item = 9 EV. + Pokerus = 18 EV for the 1st one and 36 EV for any SoS ones.

I encounter one, bring it to 1hp. It calls in 4 chains. After killing the chains and 1st one it should be 18 (18x1) + (36x4) which comes to 162. Then I find another single one and kill it for another 18 EV. That should come to 180 total attack EV.

I head to SpDefense. Using Drowsee on Route 2. I equip the power item. Looking for 68 here so I have to do a few different encounters. First encounter I'm using the item and find a drowsee, chain it once, then kill them. That should be 18 + 36 for 54 EV. Problem is I go and check the EVs and the bar has turned blue saying I'm maxed out. 

Using an EV calculator shows that my current HP and attack stats match what they should be but my special defense is 1 point higher on game than the EV calculator. How is this possible if I only killed 2 Drowzee? It was an original and an SoS which should be 18+36 for 54. I still would need 14 more SPDefense, 4 defense, and 4 speed EV. So how is that maxing me out?

Thanks. 
Hello everyone,  thank you in advance for your help.   I am buying christmas gifts for a young man,  I don't know much about him only that a pokemon shirt was the only thing he really wanted and that he is 10 years old.   I bought a couple of pokemon shirts from amazon but I was hoping you guys in all your pokemon knowledge could recommend some toys or games in the $50 range.  I just want this kid to have something besides clothes to open on Christmas.  I think this is the right place for this post?
Does riding on pokemon still count as walking for hatching eggs?
So is it true there's only one Lucky Egg in the whole game, and you can't Thief them from anything?^(I stockpiled 10 Lucky Eggs in ORAS but since Bank only starts on Jan it would accumulate DUST.)
Regarding Sun & Moon:

Where can I go level up my entire team to lvl 65 before going to that Mountain and beating the league ?


Cause I'm kinda stuck with a team of two level 56's, 2x 50 and 2x 48 ones...


pls halp (◕︿◕✿)
Why did [Merged Lusamine](/spoiler) challenge you to a battle instead of doing the logical thing by killing you outright?
Is it weird that I think that the battle with [Merged Lusamine](/spoiler) should've been a rhythmic, on-rail shooter?
How do I catch all of the colors of Minior?  Is there any more rare than another?
When EV training in an SOS battle, does the 2x bonus apply to the initial pokemon or only the new ones called?
hello, can I still get the mystery gift munchlax on a new save file?
Need help evolving 2 pokemonz by trade. anyone able to halp?
Or whats generally the best way to go about this if you have no 'cool' friends
Is the online trading really this bad? I mean it's great for trading with strangers but it's fucking impossible to trade with a specific person, especially your friends. You have to VIP them first before you can easily find them in the list. Why isn't there a Friends list in the Festival Plaza?
Is the male long and curly hair unlockable or is it simply not in the game? Cause all of the articles and such with the styles show it yet it seems impossible to get.
I was leveling up my cosmog into a solgaleo using a lucky egg. Then when I went to trade solgaleo but I forgot to remove the lucky egg. Is there anyway to get another one?
I'm a little bit confused about how the Festival Plaza works. Once I get rid of a shop in favor of another, is there any way to switch back? The NPC guy inside the castle only seems to be able to swap around the order of whatever's there. How do I access a building that I've completely replaced? Is that possible at all?
How does bubbling water work in Pokemon Sun and Moon. Can you walk around a route and have water bubble or do you need to leave the route? I've been trying to capture a dratini in Poni Gauntlet and they have a higher chance of spawning with bubbling water.
Breeding Question:

In Pokemon Moon I have Munchlax with a Cherish Ball. If I evolve it to Snorlax, and breed said Snorlax with a Nidoran, I can theoretically get a Nidoran in a Cherish Ball, right? Because from what I've seen in Pokemon Moon gender doesn't matter for ball pass down it's random. Why do I want this? I want a legitimate Eevee in a Cherish Ball, and Nidoran can breed with Eevee.

So by going from Munchlax to Snorlax to Nidoran to Eevee I can legitimately breed a Cherish Ball Eevee in Pokemon Moon....right?
Hey so I'm totally new to Pokemon and decided to get it pretty much because of someone I watch on YouTube. I ended up getting Moon. I have been playing for a while but I'm not exactly sure how I should be playing.

I tend to be a bit of a completionist and like to explore and find as much as possible. So naturally I want to catch all the Pokemon. What is the best way to go about doing this? So far I have been stuck in the same area because I keep running around the same patch of grass until I've found all the Pokemon in that area. I'm just not sure if I have, or if I still have more to get before moving on? How should I tackle this? Should I just keep going through the game until I naturally come across different Pokemon so it adds it and the location data to my Pokedex before I start searching?

I want to evolve my first Evvee into Umbreon, do I have to let it evolve at in-game night time (not 3DS system time since I have Moon)? And do I have to make it forget its fairy moves?
Probably a dumb question about the Event Munchlax - I accidentally made Munchlax forget the Hold Back move, is there any way I can get it back? (via a move tutor or such)

TL;DR: Game crashing (different than PkHex). Does anyone have any suggestions for fixes? (link to error message http://imgur.com/5NJ3xBf)

Is anyone having their game crash on them or found a fix for it? I believe this is different than the PkHex bug. When I try to load my game, I get music for two seconds, then stops, and then the software quits and I get a notice saying "An error has occurred, forcing the software to close. The system will now restart."

I've managed to open the game on my boyfriend's 2DS, but I didn't try to keep on playing on his 2DS to see if it eventually crashed on his. It then played on my 2013 3DS for about five more minutes before I got the same error code. This began with when I was exiting the tourist bureau in the first town on the second island, but now even if I'm saved in the streets the game also crashes for me.

I contacted TPC, but they sent me to a NOA e-mail that doesn't exist anymore, and the support forums on Nintendo have no answers other than "TPC is probably working on this". I've deleted extra data and removed the Demo from my 3DS. I tried to repair it, but I have the physical cartridge and there hasn't been an update to repair yet. I'm at a loss and trying to figure out how to get my game to work again. Does anyone have suggestions for ways to fix it?

Edit: Last night I fully charged my 3DS, and for the first time since Thursday I've been able to open the game. We will see if this lasts.

Edit 2: nope, crashed after about 10 minutes. Signed into join the global link challenge and crashed as I exited the castle.

Edit 3: Reformatted my SD card. Didn't fix the problem. Called Nintendo support, and they didn't have immediate fixes. Played Moon for about an hour and haven't caused it to crash yet. Will try playing the game for longer on boyfriend's 2DS and then decide if I should return the cartridge or send 3DS in for repairs.
how does SOS training with pokerus work?
lets say i battle Oricorio, calls for help. thats 4 EVs, so multiply by 2, so i get 6EV points?
Wanting to get my 7 y/o daughter into the game for christmas. I'm a Magic: The Gathering player so I have some idea about TCGs, but zero experience w/ Pokemon outside of PoGo. There are a few "Trainer kits" floating around, with two 30 card decks that can be combined to create a deck, but they seem outdated. Whats a simple way to get a couple decks to learn the basic mechanics of the game IRL (not digital)?
Has anyone gotten a destiny knot from pickup? If so what was the level of your pickuper? I would perfer to use my bp from hax tree on a choice item or a metagrossite
So I caught a Pichu with a luxury ball, raised its affection to 5, caught it at level 7 and its now 18 and it still won't evolve. What gives?
Does anyone know if a Pokemon with Levitate that isn't flying will show up with a "No Effect" marker in Sun/Moon with a ground move?

If that is worded weird, basically what I am getting at is this; in the game if you use a grass move on a rock pokemon in your dex, it will show it as super effective before you select it. But if that Pokemon is say a Haunter with Levitate, and you are using earthquake, would it show super effective because of typing? Or would it show No Effect because of Levitate?
Is it possible to get red eyes and/or white hair in sun/moon? I've seen some characters in game and trailer using them, but I don't have the option to choose them.
Help please! :(

I got so used to spamming "B" for dialogue that when my Wimpod finally evolved into Golisopod, I accidentally said "No" to it learning the move First Impression.


Based on Golisopod's Escape ability, I feel like without the move it reduces it's worth a lot! I am only on the second island and saw that the move reminder is on the fourth. Is there any other way to fix this besides going back to my last save? I love this Pokemon but feel like its worthless now
I have a Powersaves 3DS, and while I don't "cheat" with it, in terms of creating mons from scratch, my wife and I (Moon for her, Sun for me) were trying to be a bit faster for getting 3 starters for each of us by save state, trade, then restore. 
Whereas before you'd have to start the game and power through ~40 minutes (seriously, it gets longer each gen), I got to Litten, traded it to my wife on her game. 

Here's where the question comes in. She traded that Litten on GTS for a Popplio. That went through fine. I then restored my powersave to bring Litten back from the grave (so to speak). I quick link traded her that Litten; again, no problems. She then attempted to trade that second Litten on GTS for another Popplio for me. This connection got nuked almost immediately, and she's locked out from trading. 
Is it just crappy luck that the connection broke? Or are they now smart enough to see that it's the same OT, same stats, same etc, and detect that it's cloned/duplicated?

Thanks in advance! I figure it's a victimless crime since the other person on the GTS gets a mon they want, and nobody's losing out on anything (not like trading a hacked mon for something legit, you know?)
How do people get multiple copies of items you can only get once (or in limited amounts, like the Beast Ball) in the game? I'm trying to find more evolution stones (for eevee and alola sandshrew) but can't find any.
I will not have Pokémon Sun until at least Christmas. But I have a couple of questions.

As of Pokémon Sun and Moon, how many Pokémon are there total all every single Pokémon (gen 1 - 7)?

I also saw that Incineroar is #727, I am sure there has to be a Pokémon #777, which is my favorite three-digit number. It wouldn't make any sense to release less than 50 new Pokémon, so 777 gotta exist. What is Pokémon #777?
How detailed do the available online regulations get? Like for custom-made Friendlies, etc.?
I've tried everything to increase Type: Null's happiness, but nothing works. The TM trick, battles, soothe bell, even the lady who gives massages. However, the friendship rater lady still keeps him at the same tier of friendship despite my attempts. Any advice?
Does Gen VII have poison damage outside of battles?
Is there a most effective way to make cash in Sun and Moon?

X & Y as well as ORAS had Prize money which triples the amount of cash you get if you level it to 3, which, combined with amulet coin, multiplies your prize money x 6. Is there a similar mechanic? I'd be disappointed if money wasn't as effective to get this gen, especially when the prices of SOOOOO many items here have been increased...

I remember someone answering me to beat the league first. I beaten the poke league, so is there any post game help to boost up the wallet? Thanks!
Do the Full Moon Phase and Radiant Sun Phase for Solgaleo and Lunala even exist like they were presented on the Pokemon website?
MOON QUESTION: 
I've been grinding Lush Jungle for about 2 hours for Oranguru.... is there a prerequisite for spawning him, or do I just keep at it? Thanks!
So I recently saw a thing about farming Destiny Knot. The gist of it was you fill your inventory with Alolan Meowths with the ability Pickup. 5 Meowths (1 kill pokemon), 10% each to have an item every battle. This guy also showed himself getting the Destiny Knot. My question is: Is it really possible to do this? Or is the video bullshit? I've been doing it for an hour or two and got nothing so far..
For those who ordered the [Pokemon Aloha card set](http://www.bestbuy.ca/en-CA/product/pokemon-trading-card-game-alola-collection-sun/10527574.aspx?cmp=pla-board_games_cards__puzzles&gclid=CjwKEAiAyO_BBRDOgM-K8MGWpmYSJACePQ9CjZ3kf5yRTbTZVJW01IhR61_WZru_Hj9pSudoHl6KRRoC9b7w_wcB) AND the [Pokemon Sun/Moon from Walmart with Figurine](http://www.walmart.ca/en/ip/pokmon-sun-solgaleo-figure-exclusive-3ds/6000196611015), are they the same figure?
I've seen people already having 100% on the Pokedex (On Reddit at least). Is that just for the Alola region or for all 7 generations? If it's the latter, how do they already have this much Pokemon when PokeBank isn't even available yet.
Has anyone found a pink Gastrodon in Sun/Moon? I've searched and searched, including north of Seafolk Village, and even checked the GTS to no avail.
For the gift pokémon, [(Type:Null, Aerodactyl, Porygon)](/spoiler), at what point would you first be able to see if they're shiny or not. Would it show on the screen where it says something like "[Porygon's](/spoiler) data will be added to the Pokédex", or would you not be able to find out until you get to "See [Porygon's](/spoiler) Summary"?
I am having a hell of a time trading for Vanillite, Carvanha and Murkrow. Anyone willing to trade? I have nearly everything else. :( 
Question on the QR Scanner.  Is there any benefits or penalties for using QR codes for other games [like the codes for Etrian Odyssey?](http://imgur.com/a/d3IwT)
Is there a way to train fast to lvl 100 so i can use hypertraining?
What is a good competitive team that utilizes gengar? Also what do team strats such as trick room, hyper offensive or weather mean?
Is Sun and Moon getting an in game National dex/will it be possible to catch all the pokemon in game at some point, or do you think that you will still have to catch pokemon in previous generations to fill up the new national pokedex coming to pokemon bank?
Can someone tell me where TM 90 is located in SuMo?  I've been reading conflicting information online, some places say route 1, some places say Malie City Pokecenter.  It's not in the Pokecenter at least as far as I can tell (talked to every NPC, purchased every TM in the shop), and I can't find it on route 1.
Can Z-moves miss?
Does anyone know how the mechanics for getting items via fishing actually works? I've been going insane trying to get a hold of a  second Prism Scale.

Going off of Serebii I got the impression that the game checks against a universal item table whenever you fish something up, and that the Prism Scale I so longed for was just very rare. However, I've been noticing trends when fishing in different spots. The spot outside of the Steelix-shaped boat, for instance, coughed up three Bottle Caps and four Sticky Barbs in a span of about 35 minutes, while fishing at Brooklet Hill seems to mostly just produce Pearls and Big Pearls.

Now this obviously may just be a coincidence. I don't have a significant sample size to go off of and might just be seeing patterns that don't actually exist. Anyone have any insights or relevant info/anecdotes to share? I can't tell if there are local item tables for fishing spots or if there's a single, global one and it's driving me completely bonkers.
Can metronome get stuck? Was fighting the electric trial today and my snorlax used metronome and got ice ball, all okay. Then I got no Battle option it went straight into the next round where he used ice ball again. And again. And again. And then he fainted because I couldn't heal him. Has this happened to anyone else and does anyone know why or how it got stuck?

Hey if im chaining should i kill the first one i encountered or should i keep that one and keep killing the ones that come?
How long does it take to build a "decent" competitive multiplayer team? Where should I start?

I'm looking for something as basic as browsing a team I like (probably too much of a newbie to put together a fun/creative team) and raising them to decent level and with good values.

Apparently competitive multiplayer is much easier to get into this time around. I'm thinking about giving it a try. It will be my first time around.

I know and understand EV/IVs but never had the will to go through all the grinding.
Do any of you have positive experiences with the GTS?

For me the depositing system doesn't seem to work. I put up a Litten or Popplio multiple times for a Rowlet, but it just never gets traded (even after a hour).
But on the other hand, when looking for a Rowlet, the ones demanding for a Litten or Popplio are always traded faster, than I can click.

Did any of you make similar experiences?
So I have a friend with a hacked rom of Moon from the leak that happened a week or so before release. While I do 
*not* approve of the practice, would it create some weird data and save corruptness if I were to trade things from that to my legitimate copy of Sun?
I'm playing Moon but am a pokemon newb since the gold and silver GBC days. **How do I know which pokeballs to use on which pokemon?** I was trying to catch a lvl 12 cyandaquil last night. I got its health to the yellow zone and then wasted 2 great balls and 2 ultra balls. I finally got it to red, it jumped out of my great ball, but my 3rd ultra ball captured it. I have caught other pokemon at similar levels in by getting their health to yellow and using a regular pokeball!

**Is this normal or am I doing something wrong?** I don't want to have to waste 3 ultraballs to capture lvl 12 pokemon. Thanks for the help!
So 4th gen was the last set of Pokemon games I've played, when you throw a pokeball and it shakes 3 times.... well, it's not a *guaranteed* catch. But here in Moon, is it any different? Or did something change between Gen 6 and 7? 
Have people noticed that when battling enemy trainers that occasionally they get left with a sliver of health, as if they were wearing a focus sash?  I might be cherry picking specific battles, but I also recently completed a XY playthrough and I don't recall it ever happening to the same degree as SM.  
Does the move spotlight make the target attack its ally in a double battle? For example if I am using a shiinotic against an aegislash and arcanine can I use spotlight on the aegislash, will the arcanine attack the aegislash?
Also, does spotlight go through protect?
Is there any kind of trick to the battle buffet? Any good I should specifically go for to get some sort of desired reward? This aspect seems a little... pointless, except for maybe farming money once every 24 hours...
I'm trying to write a paper on public opinions of Pokémon.  What you guys think of the new games? 
am i suppose to be able to re-scan pokemons? ive used island scan 3 times and i only scan the first 10 pokemons every time
Does anyone know how to view their *own* festival plaza records? I can only see other's records...
If I change my clock, does Wimpod stop spawning? I changed it only an hour because of Daylight Savings, and after that, I stopped seeing Wimpods respawn. It's been way past 24 hours. Is there any way I can get it to respawn?
Is there a way to get an NON-alolan forme marowak in Sun/moon, without transfering it, like an item or something?
Who's a little knowledgeable about sun and moon gts? Cause I'm seriously lost. How do I change my gts message? Trying to get my gts set up for trading on reddit. But I can't figure out where to change it :/ I feel like it's actually stupidly easy and I'm just missing it
I just got a Pokémon by Wondertrade with a grey "ENG" tag in it's details (my game is in German) similar to how the PokéRus status is displayed.  
What is it? I have trouble finding the answer because "ENG" is primarily used to mean "english" :D
How do QR codes and Island scans work? The whole process, I literally have no idea.
So I am trying to get a hidden ability mareanie, I am going through it by chaining SOS on corsola. But the mareanie always kills the corsola and it stops the chain forcing me to find corsola again. How can I prevent mareanie from stopping the chain?
A. I'm looking to get back into breeding and comp, after an eight-year and a three-generation haitus. I've been reading the articles on Serebii, Bulbapedia, etc, to catch back up on a few things, but I haven't found a list of what I really need to start competitively breeding. Here's what I could think of from my old knowledge and stuff I've been reading as far as it applies to Gen 6:

* Magmar
* Everstone
* Destiny Knot
* Enough 31iv dittos to cover each stat (6IV dittos of a few different natures being the Holy Grail)
* Lots of -EV/+Friendship berries (to correct EV Training errors or to respec)
* Lots of vitamins

Anything I'm missing here for a basic breeders' starter kit? I have two dittos with poor IVs and one with unknown IVs so far.

----
B. Is there a place I can get dittos, but not necessarily 6IV dittos? I'd be happy with two or three dittos that altogether cover all six stats. I know about /r/breedingdittos, but that has unusually stringent requirements to get one, least of which being allowing Javascript to run on an untrusted site.

----
C. (1) As to markings, in the past the protocol was that circle=hp; triangle=at; square=df; heart=sa; star=sd, and diamond=sp. Is that still the case, or do the markings go in order on the spider graph on the top screen (hp/at/df/sp/sd/sa) for gen 7? (2) Is there a protocol for the use of a red mark, now that each marking is trinary?
Does anyone else have a black screen delay after running from a pokemon? Mine lasts about a second and it is mildly infuriating. 
Is there a way to transfer pokemon into gen 7 yet? if not, are we given a light ball in gen 7, or do i have to come across a pikachu holding one?
So there's a guy in a clothing shop in the first town of the third island telling me I have to get a Toge something from the power plant. I've run through the grass there for about an hour and all I saw was Grimer, Raticate, Magnemite, and that garbage Pokémon. Is this Pokémon just incredibly, incredibly rare or is the game lying to me?
Is there a way to check if Pokemon have enough happiness to evolve? Like Riolu for example.
Anyone know if Pichu SOS calls Pichu in Hau'oli city?
I ran away from Tapu Lele because I wasn't ready to fight it yet-- will it respawn or do I have to reset? 

Also I assume that if I killed it, there is only one per game, yes?
Starting Sun right now! What would be the best nature for Rowlet?
How do I find specific friends registered to my 3DS in the festival plaza, to trade with them?
When you are completing the Pokedex in SuMo, are you collecting all core colors of Minior or just your favorite?  Also, is it even possible to capture and box a Minior in it's meteor form?
Does anyone know where I can buy a big, cute stuffed Togepi? My girlfriends favorite pokemon by far is Togepi. Over the last few months we've really bonded over our love for pokemon, specifically pokemonGO, sun, and moon. 

I figured a stuffed Togepi would make a great gift for her this Christmas especially because she lost the ones from her childhood. 

Do any of you know where I can buy one? Thanks for the help.


Can beast balls one-shot ultra beasts? I assume not, but thought i'd ask anyway. About to fight Glutton, and i don't have any lv 70s, so... yeah
How does my team look for taking on the rest of the game in terms of typing?

Gabite

Decidueye

Wishiwashi

Salazzle

Charjabug

I don't have a 6th pokemon set in stone, so any suggestions would be good.
Can someone help me decide the next 3 pokemon for my team??

my current team:


Golisopod

emergency exit

Adamant

leftovers

aqua jet

liquidation

swords dance

leech life


Toxapex

merciless

impish

black sludge

toxic spikes

baneful bunker

recover

poison jab


Turtonator

shell armor

sitrus berry

shell trap

flame thrower

shell smash

dragon pulse
If I use an EXP share in a random encounter, do pokemon in my party that never got switched in gain EVs? 
Do IV and EV really matter only in online competetive or do they also matter in the game itself against npc battles?
Where do you guys find barboach? 3 hours fishing and nothing :(
Anyone have a Pokemon that can solo the elite 4, I'm tired of losing money over and over while I work on getting the shiny charm
What's up with the dude in the Haina Desert that asks for your Solgaleo, but then says it's not Solgaleo? I showed him mine, but he said it wasn't the right one!
What are the best pokemon to look on GTS?
What are the most hardest to find pokemons?
The SuMo Super Music Collection is released in Japan on 30th, any news about when it is on iTunes?
Where the hell do you actually get a Maranga berry. Cause i looked online and the sources that say where you get it from seem to be incorrect. Either that or i am extraordinarily unlucky
Does anyone know what to do after beating the ghost trial in Moon? I'm told to go to Po Town but I'm completely lost right now. The water to the west of the kimono guy doesn't lead anywhere and the desert to the east is a dead end.

Any help?
Is there any form of 'smart' pokedex online?

I want to be able to search for pokemon with certain criteria, predominantly regarding their base stats.

I know that you can go to Bulbapedia and sort on base stats, but what if I want to sort on Pokemon with a base stat of greater than 500 total, but more than 'X' speed?
So, in pokemon refresh. There are three stats: affection, fullness, and enjoyment, yeah?

Affection allows easier crits, dropping status effects and avoiding attacks, etc. That's obvious.

But what do Fullness and Enjoyment do? Or are they just there for kicks and giggles?
pokemon sun/moon vs heartgold/soulsilver which is better?
Is there a limit I can battle the Pokemon League? Like after 5 times it is not possible to battle anymore?
Did anyone manage to get the female mystery gift munchlax and can i do it by softresetting? I've been softresetting for about an hour now and all i'm getting is a male, i'm starting to lose hope :D'
What is the set up that people use in order to be able to stream their game on twitch for viewers to watch?
Has anyone found a way to fight the full team of Red/Blue after that initial battle in the Battle Tree? I'd love it if it was possible to go all out on them again. I chose to fight Red, does that mean a 6 v 6 battle against Blue is no longer possible?
Anyone know where I can get a 6 IV Ditto? I already have one from r/BreedingDittos but that's in ORAS and I'd like to start breeding now and not waiting until bank is available. I'm not sure if I have anything good to trade since I just finished the game and haven't done a lot of post game yet. Thanks for any help.
A friend of mine has told me that in Sun and Moon, the offspring of any pokemon and a 6 IV hacked Ditto will be marked as hacked, and will not be able to be used in online battles. Can anyone tell me if this is true or not?
Thank you in advance
Is it possible to transfer Pokemon from SoulSilver to Sun?
[deleted]
I am breeding a Lilligant (Female, all Petilils/Lilligants are female) with a ditto in an effort to get a shiny. As I was hatching eggs, I noticed that the hatched Petilils did not inherit any of the moves known by the mother. Is there a specific reason for this?

Checking on Bulbapedia says that it was originally passed down by the male, and has changed since then. 
does anyone have any non-competetive movesets for Alolan Exeggutor? I'm pretty miffed it can't learn Dragon Pulse or any other Dragon sp attack move to take advantage of that bump in it's SP attack (I dont want to put any trust in draco meteor). I was hoping for Grass SP-Dragon SP-Extrasensory-Buff moveset but not sure wha to do now. Is Dragon Hammer/Dragon Trail worth it? Do I breed until I get Attack-friendly nature?
So, I wanted to start breeding perfect Nature/IV Pokemon, but it looked like there's so much things to do. Is there a to-do list for it? 

Also regarding Nature, should I go for Adamant/Modest or Jolly/Timid?

EDIT: For EV, which wild Pokemon do you think  I should fight for each stats?
If I catch a rockruff in moon and trade it to someone with sun, will it evolve into midday form?
When you enter the alternate world to get cosmog, does the day-night cycle that governs when pokemon appear follow the world you originally came from? I have moon, so, would a pokemon that appears normally in the day time appear when it is day in the moon version or the sun version?
Ok so I am SOS shiny hunting. I have 4 Kadabra all with Synchronize and all Timid trying for a Timid Pichu. I've gotten 4 over the past few days, none Timid. What are the EXACT details for Synchronize to work? Or am I just getting super unlucky.
What's the best way to trade up to legendaries on the GTS? I want another Type:Null and Cosmog for my living dex, but so far no luck.

A thread not too long ago said Mareanie was a good way to go, but no one trades either for them, despite apparently a good amount of luck on their part.

Anyone figured out a good sequence for it yet?
Is 10% Zygarde needed for Pokedex completion?
I have gone over all 100 cell locations on Serebii twice, both day and night, but I cannot find my last two cells. I thought I missed the Poni Coast ones, but I checked and they are not there. Paranoia is setting in to the point where I'm seriously considering my games data (Sun) was programmed wrong. In case it is relevant, When I first went to Poni Coast I did the Rock Smash cash grind trick with Tauros, but forget if I collected the Cores. Besides day/night, are there any other things that may have to do with me missing the cores?

Anyone know what happens if Necrozama faints or if you run?  Haven't saved in a while xd
Does Sun/Moon lag when you are doing double battles or more intense moves?  Or is my Pokemon X/Y 3ds finally showing its age?
If you fail to capture one of the Tapu pokemon the first time, can you go back and try again after a certain amount of time?
I need help finding a good way to train pre-E4. I beat Hau but I'm lvl 49 clearly underlevelled. Other than Wild Pokemon any other place I can earn good exp?
Are there any Pokemon in Sun version that can rez a party member mid battle?
So I bought Pokemon Moon and am now in the end game and for fun me and my buddies decided to each pick 1 Pokemon and I would shiny grind for it. I'd put them all together and we'd see how well they do online.  So far we have Gyarados, Dugtrio (Alola), Muk (Alola), Vikavolt, and Talonflame. then we reserved the 6th slot to balance the team out. Was wondering what your guys' choices would be for the 6th slot. Only stipulation is I need to be able to catch it or its evolution chain in the wild (since I need to make it shiny)
Should I use all my johto balls on ditto so I can breed them?
Could somebody give me a list of what each region is based off of?
Trying to catch some breeding dittos, learned about chaining...

How long should I chain before I catch the pokemon? I know as you chain, the chained pokemon progressively get better IV's.

How long until we can expect numbers on how SOS chaining affect shiny and IV chances?

I beat the game today so I decided to try shiny hunting since I never got into that before.  Just finished setting up my SOS Smeargle and am chaining Grubbins while watching videos.
How long does Aqua Ring last?
It's not making this Tapu Fini fight easy.
Gday peeps, the two bikini girls that you need to battle to get the surf TM aren't spawning. Does it need to be a certain time of day, or post elite4? I can't find any details about it anywhere. Cheers!
Is a destiny knot a must have? I already got a ditto, just wondering if a destiny knot is necessary for competitive. Also any advice for a new person who wants to get into competitive battling?
Real quick: how to get type: null?
Haven't bought Sun and Moon, Nor my 3DS (Got the Black Friday one and im HYPED!) Just wondering how deep is the story? Is it deep like Black and white? Also, does this let you roam free a lot or does it set you through a linear path? 

Thanks in advance! 
Are there any pokedex apps that contain the Alolan pokemon? I like to look at my phone and see what moves are learned and at what level. I have found it very useful with previous games.
Breeding Question:

If I breed an egg move onto a pokemon, and then breed it with a ditto. Will that eggmove still pass down?

For example. Alolan vulpix was bred with sylveon for moonblast, the baby has moonblast. If i breed the baby with ditto, will it pass on moonblast still?
Can you chain any Pokémon to call for help with the Adrenaline Orb or do only certain Pokémon call for help?
Question regarding mystery gift in Emerald: I have a GBA Flashcart with Emerald on it, and I also own a copy of Emerald. I want to pal park my stuff all the way to gen 7 eventually. My question is this: if I create a save on the flashcart that has the mystery gift that allows the extra events (like Deoxys, etc.) is it possible to distribute it to my legit copy if I link them up? I would think so, because i know that trading between the ROM and legit copy is possible, but I'm not sure how mystery gift distribution works in these games. 

Edit: More simply, is it possible in general to transfer those event items via mystery gift between two legit copies of Emerald?
 
Where do I find a Chinchau?
When a pokemon calls for help but nothing shows up does that count as the chain being broken?
[SPOILERS???] so, i got cosmog. I just read that it evolves into either solgaleo or lunala, depending on my game. I have moon. Does that mean it will evolve into ANOTHER lunala??
Is the pink shellos obtainable in Alola? I've only seen blue gastrodon/shellos
Where can I grind for levels in Pokemon Sun? I am right before the Elite Four and my pokemon are in the late 30's to mid 40's with my greninja being almost a lvl 60. I had exp share on the whole time. I tried the battle buffet but the pokemon are like lvl 13 so it's pretty useless.
Have they stealth changed breeding for HAs in SuMo? I'm breeding an imposter ditto with a male vulpix and im sitting at 70 some-odd vulpix and not one of them has snow warning.
Is it true that there is a Synchronize glitch that allows you to set the nature of a Pokemon, with the nature of the other Pokemon. For example, if I lead against Tapu Bulu with a Adamant Rowlet, but have a Synchronize Abra in my party, will it make Tapu Bulu Adamant? 
Hi!
I'm working on creating my Living Dex, but I just started recently.  The games I own are Blue (VC), White, X, Omega Ruby, and Moon.  I am currently storing my Pokemon on Omega Ruby, and was wondering if I even have access to all 721+ through these games.  
Please help, as I would like to complete the Living Dex with only these games.

Thanks in Advance!
Why do legendaries not show up in my seeking list on the gts?

[removed]
When you're completing pokemon do you get every pokemon in the pokedex? (I've played before but never seriously.) What do you consider complete?
I know that when you jump through the portal on the Alter of the Sunne/Moone, you basically are trasported to the map of the other game. The main point, just to recover your own Cosmog.

One thing I'm curious about, and this is a potentially stupid question. Cosmog evolves into Cosmoem, then Solgaleo in Sun and Lunala in Moon. Say I have Sun, and I go to the Moon world. If I level up and evolve Cosmog there, would he still evolve into Solgaleo, or would that world allow him to evolve into Lunala
I accidentally traded me Lucky Egg on the GTS!!! Is there anyway to get another one? can someone help me?!
Is there any picture resources for looking at all female clothing options yet? I checked Serebii but seems like they only have the male options and the only ones I can find are really long Youtube videos. In the end I do know Serebii will eventually have it though lol
Is there any way to get Dragon Dance on Salamence without breeding on Pokemon Sun? Preferably using move tutor/move rememberer.
Does anyone else have weird wavy lines on the top left corner of the top screen? They only appear in S/M, no other games, and only in the overworld, not during battles. I'm playing the digital version of Sun so it's not a faulty cartridge.
Do Dusk Balls work on the Tapu at all? It's nighttime and they're not having much success.
Is there any images showing how the Pastel Green dyed clothes look? Wanna know if it's worthwhile.
How do i evolve haunter to gengar? is there a system that does the trade-tradeback instantly? (i dont want to lose it xD)
Do we know if we will be able to send sun/moon pokemon to ORAS when bank becomes available?
Does Sun/Moon have a national dex capable of collecting every Pokemon yet? And is Pokegen still a thing, or is there anything online capable of "hacking" Pokemon and placing them in your game? 
[deleted]
Is there a exp grinding/leveling guide out there for SuMo? I feel like I'm stuck having beat the E4 but unable to do it consistently/easily. 

Trying to get my smeargle leveled up enough to start chaining.
I recently got the TOMY Z-Ring toy bracelet because I'm a total nerd. (Whatever, it's freaking cool.) Has anyone figured out what the heck the little LED/light sensor window on the bottom is for? I can't figure it out.
Is there a list of in-depth features for Pokemon Sun and Moon? I've frequently seen posts about the different Pokemon available or the developers thinking outside the box, but I mean IN-DEPTH. Things like "Can I trade my Sandshrew from X and Y to Sun and Moon? If I do, will it still be the original variant or the Alola variant?" and "Can I battle X and Y with Sun and Moon?"

I've seemingly looked everywhere but I can't find answers to questions like these anywhere. Just things like Poke Pelago or Z-Moves (promotional things that have been announced and are on Wikipedia and Bulbapedia).
I have 2 3ds systems (a new 3ds xl and a regular) that won't link trade between my copies of sun and moon anymore. Any idea why?
Is there a pokemiles equivalent in SuMo? In XYORAS I used to wondertrade on the side for crazy pokemiles, but I don't really see the point of wondertrading in this game.
How often do guests in the festival plaza update? i'm looking for a specific festival building
What's the difference between Razor Fang and Scope Lens? The both seem to just boost the critical hit ratio but the wording on the items are different. What's the point of having two items that do the same thing? Is one better than the other?
What does Lillie say if you faint or run away from Nebby?
I've been spamming Wonder Trade all day, and I've gotten Pokemon from several different regions. Most of them I can guess from the three-letter indicators, but I've gotten two -- a Mimikyu and a Cyndaquil -- with indicators that say "CHT". They have Asian lettering for names, but not Japanese. My friend suggested it might stand for "Cheat", as in they're hacked Pokemon. Can anyone shed some light on this mystery region?
Is there anywhere to grind levels post-game other than the Elite Four? Something like the stadiums in Unova or the Chateau in Kalos. Want to try filling my Pokedex up and I don't want to have to run the entire League whenever I want to boost something by 10 levels.
Is it possible to get a Protean Greninja as opposed to Ash Greninja in Sun and Moon? If so how would I go about obtaining a Protean Greninja?
Where can you get PP ups or PP Maxes consistently in pokemon sun and moon? The only way I saw on serebii is by going on winning streaks at the battle tree, but that's only once a day. Is there a more reliable way that I can max out all of a pokemons moves in a day?
I just recently got back into Pokemon, so this is the first time I've really been keeping up with Pokemon events and happenings. Is it normal to think all the new Gen 7 mons look weird as hell, or is it just that they're new and I'm unfamiliar with them? Is this an abnormally weird gen for pokemon designs?
About to take on the Battle Tree, just a few questions beforehand:

1. Does the AI use hacked pokemon (boosted stats, illegal abilities, etc)? I nearly lost to a random Drapion in the Battle Maison in XY because it was somehow able to outspeed my Jolly Garchomp and Timid Mega-Gardevoir without the aid of a Choice Scarf.


2. Does the AI use teams specifically designed to counter yours?

3. Are there any differences between the Battle Maison and the Battle Tree?
Do Pokérus and Power items affect EVs received in Poké Pelago?
I accidentally traded away my soothe bell when I saw someone who wanted a Ditto for a Pikachu, is this anything to worry about or can I just raise frendliness/happiness another way?
I remember seeing a website that gave QR scan codes which give you 20 points per scan (allowing you to get 2 national dex pokemon per day) but i can't find the website now.  (I'M NOT TALKING ABOUT THE HUGE IMGUR ALBUM)

The QR codes were on shiny cards IRL and I think it was on a news site. My googlefu isn't helping me on this one so does anyone have those pictures handy? 
[deleted]
What's the best way to raise happiness? I have a [Type: Null](/spoiler) that I really want to evolve for the Battle Tree ;-;
where can i buy more Ethers and Elixirs
PokeBank Question: Will I still be able to transfer pokemon between gen 6 games using Pokebank once the SunMoon update is out? I know transferring to Sun/Moon is one way, but will I still be able to transfer X to Y (for example)
I CAN ONLY GET 1 LOVE BALL WTF I WASTED IT IT IS MY FAVORITE BALL!!!???

What do I do??? I was told you could get more from the ball shop but I just learned it isn't true and am freaking out.
is 4 perfect IVs guaranteed after the 40+ chain? because I chained 40+ dittos and when I captured the last one it called and checked its IVs only 1 is perfect. I used Serebii's IV Calculator for checking. It says only 1 IV is 31 and 2 other IVs are 30. Also do I unlock the in-game IV Checker before battling Red/Blue? Thanks!
HELP!!

I have a shiny Gyarados in my Soulsilver copy and I need to transfer it to Sun. If I havent yet beaten the elite four in neither Soulsiver nor Black, how can I do it?
 Does anyone know the cheapest vending machine in the latest games?
I'm a bit stumped. Would you recommend evolving my Pikachu early once it has most of the moves I want so I can add my Psychic moves, and then using Thunder when I get it as a TM? Where can I get it as a TM if so?

Also, does Surf still exist as a non-HM?
What's the optimal chain length when hunting for 6iv pokemon? (ditto in my case) a youtuber I follow mentioned wanted to get a chain of 40 when hunting for a 6iv ditto; idk if that was just an arbitrary number or if there was something behind it.
Im trying to get a Timid Porygon so i am breeding a Porygon with a timid Minior holding a everstone.

Problem is that iv been running around on tauros for like 20 min and a egg still hasn't showed up, i even have a oval charm. They usually appear right away.

Im not sure if im doing something wrong this is my first time breeding something without a ditto. And i made sure Porygon and Minior are in the same egg group.

im trying to sketch moves on my smgel whats best way to do it since you can't rematch trainers and the double battles in battle tree don't work for sketch whats the best way to do 
How do I get the options for white and wine red hair color in the salons? According to Serebii, the options exist, but I've checked everywhere and they don't show up. Are they Sun exclusive?
I know people won't see this but what's the best pokemon for catching and what is it's moveset?
When do you meet trainers Red and Blue in Pokemon Sun/Moon??
[deleted]
What's the better Poke Ball for being balltistic with a Midday Lycanroc, Level or Fast? I'm stuck between the two because of the whole thing thing regular Poke Balls and Fast Balls switching back and forth between being the same colour and whatever kind of red or orange they happen to be this time.
Hey, I'm getting an error while trying to connect to the internet in the Festival Plaza.  
I get the Error Code 001-0502.  
I know my internet connection works fine because I got the Munchlax online.  
Can anybody help me? Thx in advance.
https://www.playerschoicevideogames.com/pd_pokemon_heartgold_version_nds.cfm is this legit/okay to buy from and is the game used or new?
If your Ditto has its hidden ability, will its offspring have a chance to have their hidden ability as well? Or are hidden abilities only passed down from the parent of the same species?
My Pichu keeps getting hammered by the first trial; it's getting killed by damn near everything in one or two hits.  It's L12; should I grab something else just for the trial, or is there an easy way to evolve it (I have a Munchlax too, but I'm gonna stick him in the box after this trial)
What is the best way to get an Alolan Raichu with both Volt Tackle and Electric Terrain?
Can you get more than one ice stone?
Do you still get more customization as a girl? Because if it's the same as in xy then I'll play a a girl in SM.
Hi, has anyone had problems with Wonder Trade? I am able to use Festival Plaza to obtain FCs through the Type Matchup missions, so I believe my internet connection is fine. I was able to wonder trade my first Pokemon, but haven't been able to wonder trade ever since. I have tried at least 10 times over the course of 3 days, so now I feel like there is a bug with the game, but I'd like to know if anyone else is experiencing the same problem. It runs down the whole 90s each time and I have tried trading away different Pokemon. These are all legit wild Pokemon that I caught, I am not using PKHex or anything.
Does anyone know if a pokemon leveled up in Poke Pelago doing XP training will still be able to learn their respective moves/evolve at their respective levels as if they were in your party?
Is a Volcanion code from Gamestop worth a few bucks? See there are tons available on ebay. I am a new player and didn't get the code when it was available in October. Don't want to waste my money if its not worth having in game.
Hi, new here and only decided to pop in because of this question. Don't wanna spoil myself. Anyway.

Does Pokemon Refresh increase happiness in any way? I'm looking for faster ways to evolve my lil' Igglybuff.
If I restart my file will I be able to get snorlium z and the munchlax again? Will I be able to re-assosciate my gamesync ID with my pokemon global account?
If I bred a normal meowth with an alolan meowth what would the child    be like? Alolan or normal?
Any artistic fans able to do me a huge favor and draw a Torkoal and a Salazzle playing together  
I'll be at the Nintendo NYC store this Saturday and I'm wondering if there's any exclusive pokemon downloads or codes to grab while I'm there. I'm debating on if I'll need my 3DS or not :). 
What is the best possible Lapras stat wise? What nature and EVs should it have?
I have a couple breeding questions. I played X/Y for a small amount of time and before that hadn't played since Red. But I'm loving Sun so far. Questions:

1. At what point should I start breeding Pokemon? As soon as I have access? Or should I wait?
2. How long (in real time and game time) does it take for two pokemon who will breed to produce an egg? IIRC it varies by how much they like each other, right?
3. Is how much they like each other determined by which Pokemon they are AND other factors? Or is it just "Pokemon A & B won't breed with each other"?
4. Ditto can breed with everything, right? So I should try to catch a male Ditto basically ASAP?
5. How dependent upon their parents are a Pokemon's stats?
Is anyone else having difficulty accessing the GTS? I've tested my connection on a few different Wi-fi networks but I can't seem to get very far in the deposit a pokemon screen before the game says it lost connection and dumps me back to the plaza. I saw a few threads on google of people saying it might be some kind of anti-hacking measure but I've literally only just fired up the online functions on a legitimate game purchased on launch day, so I'm not sure what I could have done to be tripping that. Anyone else having issues accessing the GTS? Any tips on how to get it working?
So my brother, a few friends, and I decided to Nuzlocke challenge Sun/Moon and see who could get the furthest. Suspicion of cheating arose and I'm not sure how to confirm my suspicion. One of our friends beat the whole game and only lost 2 Pokemon and had both an Arcanine and a Hypno, but you can only catch Growlithe and Drowzee on Route 2 so we think he doubled up on Route 2 to get both of these Pokemon. All of the rest of us either wiped or had multiple Pokemon die to Z-Move one-shots throughout the game. His Pokemon were also barely 60 when he fought the Elite 4. Any advice on how to handle this? 
How do you bring EXP in S/M before the League? My Pokemon are quite underleveled
Any story as to why Necrozma exists yet?  Are we just going to wait another few years for Gamefreak to bring relevance like we had to for Zygarde?
How long is the battle tree? I'm on stage 28 on the super single rules. 
I'm getting the game a little late and won't be able to play until tonight. While I wait, are there hints/tips that I should know in the game about certain Pokemon/items/locations?
Can you farm EVs off of pokemon calling for help?
My Magic Bounce Espeon also has the Anticipation ability, is this normal?
Can someone tell me what nature is best for Tapu Fini? I am having issues figuring this out.

Calm/Bold/Timid?

Please say why you picked what you did.
Real talk: are the catch rates in Sun and Moon completely fucked up?

I just had a Level 8 Smeargle with red health break out without even one shake and it's the last straw. Earlier, I caught a Level 27 Pangoro with a normal Ball. I'm not going to waste any more money on Ultra Balls if it's just a friggin' crapshoot.
How do you get the Lucky Egg? Everyone says you have to talk to Kukui after you've caught 50 pokemon, but I've caught 50 and hes not in the lab.
Right now I'm running a team with Brionne, Pikachu (soon to be Raichu), Arcanine, Lurantis and Lycanroc. Who should be my sixth team member? What covers and shores up the most holes in my team comp? This is for ingame.
Amulet coin|lucky incense|happy hour

Do all three of these stack to make a x8 reward per Battle?

Obviously it would require two pokemon (one for each item) but as long as both battle this should work shouldn't it?
anyone know what is the best way to get a shiny mareanie sos or breeding?
Does anyone know Alolan Sandshrew's breeding partners? I'm hoping to breed one with Icicle Crash and Amnesia, but I can't seem to find what 'mons to breed for those moves.
Is it normal to start with $35,000? I just got to the first poke mart and apparently i have this much.
Is it possible while chaining to get to a point where IV's won't increase much more?

A 57 chained ditto I caught had just about the same stats (4 IV's => 29) as a 44 chained ditto-> should I just break the chain around 45?
If I have an old pikachu edition 3dsxl, can I play the new sun and moon games on it? What functionality do I lose if any?
Can someone explain scouting to me in the battle tree? I did multi battle and beat Red and Blue at the top of the tree but I still don't see an option to scout for trainers.
I killed Tapu Bulu is there any way I can fight him again?
Is there an easier way to get Hidden Ability Abra? What im currently doing is using a snorlax with block, toxic, hold back and crunch. i use a block to stop them from teleporting then an adrenaline orb and hold back on the first abra as it can't be hidden ability. then when i start chaining, i use toxic to see if the chained abra takes damage from poison (its hidden ability prevents damage from non attacks). the thing is. hidden abilities are more common the more you chain, but because abra has such a low PP for its only move, teleport, it runs out before you can chain too many and faints from using struggle. there has to be an easier way to do this right?
What's the fastest/easiest method for evolving happiness-evolution Pokemon like Pichu and Munchlax? 
I've noticed in the Festival Plaza that some people have a status such as "I've been a fan since I visited the Kanto region!", how do I get that?
Why do Sun/moon seem to have the black/white experience gain system? ):  its too hard to grind to be honest.
I have a question about EV training. So, after reading some other posts about the quickest way to EV train in Su/Mo being:

SOS chaining + power items + pokerus = 36 EVs per defeated pokemon.

I attempted this with my lvl 1 Vulpix by beating 8 SOS wingulls for speed, and 8 sos Petilil for SP.Atk.

I've since been lvling the vulpix up to 45ish, but when i check the EVs thru the summary page it shows a large portion of EVs in Attack. which i did not train for, and shouldnt have been possible since i maxed out the EVs in Speed+SPecial atk. Isnt there only a couple EVs left?

Is this just because vulpix is not evolved/low level, so stats are lower and the EVs appear larger? or did i mess up EV training?

pic of vulpix's EVs: http://imgur.com/a/gFoT6
So what pokeball would a Sandyghast/Palossand be best in? Thinking either dusk ball or Luxury Ball(Don't have access to apricot balls)

Also not sure for a nickname for a female one yet
Does training a pokemon to do a new move via TM still increase happiness? I am trying to evolve my golbat but it seems like i'm making virtually no progress.
Does anyone see weird graphical lines when playing Sun/Moon? Only in some scenes on my N3DSXL do I see it when I'm walking around. It's about midway on the screen across all of it.
Okay so i am a bit confused on the whole QR code scanner in Sun and Moon. When i scan a QR code of a non Alola native pokemon such as Bulbasaur am i still able to track it or does that only work with the Alolan pokemon? Or am i completly missing how the codes work? Thank you for any help or advice given! I feel like i shouldnt be this confused by it! haha
With the new SOS battles, how will Nuzlockes be treated in this new mechanic? And also, is anybody else kind of worried with the nuzlocke potential of these games because of the low probability of finding native alolan pokemon? Idk it's not a huge issue but I was hoping to try some of the new guys in a nuzlocke!
I'm at the end of the delta episode of alpha sapphire. Will it help me catch Rayquaza and Deoxys if I wait until night and use dusk balls? I've been putting off catching them because catching legendaries can be so frustrating. 
How do I change my partner in the battle tree? I don't undrestand how scouting works since I beat regular multi battle but I still am stuck with my orginal partner.
Hey I was hoping to construct a super OP end game team before I challenge (whatever the elite 4 is).
I am at the point in the game where I just caught the legendary pokemon, and it seems like I'm going to the elite 4 next but my 6 man squad is kinda sub-optimal.

**Currently it's**

Salamence lvl 57

Haxorus lvl 55

Toucannon lvl 59

Gyrados lvl 54

Incineroar Lvl 61

Lunala lvl 56


The only pokemon I don't want to remove from that squad is Salamence because he's one of the few OP pokemon I've never used on any playthrough, the rest I'm willing to move around. I am going to be picking up a [Luxray](http://www.serebii.net/pokedex-sm/405.shtml) today when I get home to add some Lightning to the mix and maybe also grab a [Golisopod](http://www.serebii.net/pokedex-sm/768.shtml) to replace Gyrados since I use him every time I play the game.
Are there any elemental punch--ice/fire/thunder etc--tutors? Caught a shiny beldum and I'd really like to give it ice punch when it grows up. Otherwise, is there any way to give metagross ice punch without breeding?
Does anyone know what exactly it takes for the Poke Cafe guy to give you a rare candy? In the first island I was feeding my pokes beans like crazy and then Id hit up each poke cafe and grab a free rare candy (for total of three each time). Now on the second island Im not getting anything!
I have a question about Taku Koko. Do I have any way of fighting this thing again if I faint it or am wiped out? I have literally no pokeballs for this and it gives you no place to save after the Elite 4....
[If you evolve a Cosmoem gotten in moon does it evolve to Solgaleo if you transfer it and evolve it in Sun?](/s "End Game Sun and Moon spoiler")
How do you view your own personal data in the festival plaza? Like the number of wonder trades you've done, caring rank, etc. It seems you can only view that info on other guests.
Pokemon sun / moon

Hey all I am confused, when I went into the Festival and selected single battle with a random online person, it placed me with someone who has all 50 lv pokemon

Mine are at like 20, why doesnt the game give you a match with someone of similar levels?

Is it just random? am i doing it wrong?
Where are good places to level up post-becoming champion?
A few websites mentioned the battle buffet on Melemele, but... that didn't work very well... any other places that are better?

Or do i just have to farm high-level routes?
What if Mr. Own fused with Nihilego?
[deleted]
[Is this a good team?](https://richi3f.github.io/pokemon-team-planner/#incineroar+toucannon+raichu-alola+mudsdale+lurantis+golisopod)

Edit: Why was this downvoted?
So I started playing pokemon red on an emulator two days ago (first time in 15 years lol) and i was loving it. Almost done already. Then i realized my haunter and graveler never evolved. And i searched online and realize it needs to be traded? Is this even possible on an emulator? Im thinking of playing the HG/SS next since its retro. Will i face the same problem there? -23 year old man desperate for gengar
Is there anyway to NOT pay for pokebank for transfers between difference gens? If so, will sun & moon require payment to pokebank to transfer old pokemon? Can one use the poke transporter with two 3DSs in lieu of the pokebank?
I get the money is used to maintain the servers but I don't want to use the bank at all. I just wanna transfer pokemon and I don't think it's right, in principle, to be forced to pay for a service I'm not going to use.

Sorry for that rant, but thank you and I would really appreciate answers!
Simplified Guide:

1. Get into a wild battle with a smeargle. Outspeed it and use false swipe. The wild smeargle will sketch False Swipe. Catch the smeargle.

2. Catch two trubbish at Malie City - Outer Cape and breed them to get a level1 trubbish. Level up this trubbish to at least level 3, when it learns Recycle.

3. Get into a battle with a smeargle, leading with trubbish. Make sure you outspeed him and use recycle. The smeargle will sketch it. Switch to your own smeargle and sketch the recycle on that wild smeargle. (Note: make sure you leveled up your Smeargle to level 11, where it learns another Sketch) You will have the move recycle now.

4. Get into an encounter with a Corsola above level 8. You can find him by fishing at Melemele see. Sketch his Recover move. (Note: you have to level him up to level 21 to learn another sketch.) You now have the move Recover.

5. Find a Shellder at Kala'e Bay by fishing. These guys can range from level 10-15, so you want to find one that is level 13 or above. Sketch it's Icicle Spear move. (Note: again, your smeargle has to be level 31 to learn another sketch) You now have the move icicle spear. (Note: You can use a different damaging move if the target pokemon is resistant to Ice types, but preferably a repeat move like OP said)

6. Give your smeargle a Leppa Berry.

How this works: Smeargle uses False Swipe to lower down the target Pokemon's HP. When you use the Adrenaline Orb, the target Pokemon calls for help. When it does come, use Icicle spear against it to kill it if it's not a shiny. If one of your move's PP runs low. Smeargle will use the Leppa berry. Use the move recycle to get the Leppa berry back. Keep on repeating the process of killing, false swiping and recycling until you get a shiny. (Note: some Pokemon might know moves that damage themselves like Take Down, so watch out for that when false swiping).

Sources: aDrive, Bulbapedia, myself, OP

Edits: simplifying things, fixing false info
So you know you can SOS chain smeargles and hit the original smeargle with what ever move you want to sketch then switch back to your smeargle and sketch the chained smeargle. Easier way to teach your Pokémon any move you want. 
I, personally prefer Skill Swap, False Swipe, Spore/Thunder Wave, and a Damaging Move.
I use:

* Skill Swap to check for HA's

* Spore for best catch rate

* Thunder Wave for Grass types immune to Spore

* Foresight to make Ghost types False Swipe-able

For False Swipe & other damaging moves I've been using Pinsir because he has Mold Breaker which I was using to OHKO Mimikyu.
I really like what /u/TheCleanupBatter did [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5eb7mu/the_ultimate_allychaining_team/) Using multiple Smeargle lets you deal with any situation. (also ingrain/double team is fantastic)
I tend to use a different Smeargle build depending on the target. Right now I'm chaining Sandygast.

Magical Leaf (super effective and avoids the Sand Attack issue) - Petilil

Soak (avoiding the Ghost type issue) - Pelipper

Aqua Ring (healing, my Smeargle is twice their level so Leftovers+this is enough) - Goldeen

False Swipe (obvious, use after Soak) - Pangoro

Moody with Leftovers.
I think it's better to make multiple Smeargles instead of cramming four moves into one, and obviously tailored to what you're chaining.

For example:

**Support Smeargle**

w/ Lansat Berry (if legal) or something like White Herb

Moody

- Ingrain

- Aqua Ring

- Acupuncture

- Baton Pass

This guy buffs all your stats so you never get hit and hit hardest. When you're ready, swap to another Smeargle.

Swap to

**Chainer Smeargle**

Own Tempo

w/Leppa Berry

- Iron Head (has to be in the first slot)

- Conversion

- Recycle

- Baton Pass

Your main chainer. Conversion gives you steel typing so you can't be poisoned, most moves are nfe so they won't kill you via a lucky crit. Iron Head anything forever, and assuming you got a bunch of +Attack Acupuncture buffs it should one shot nearly anything. Recycle Leppa Berry keeps you going. You don't need to heal with all those defensive buffs.

If you're looking for **Hidden Abilities** change Iron Head to Shadow Ball/Shadow Claw and replace Baton Pass with Skill Swap/Role Play. Ghosts can switch out of Ingrain so you won't need Baton Pass anymore. Obviously doesn't work much against normal types, so for those you'll have to just stick with a generic move.

**Capturer Smeargle**

Technician

Smeargle w/ Lum Berry or anything really

- Spore / Yawn

- False Swipe

- [Damaging Move]

- Baton Pass

Your standard Spore/False Swipe stuff, and a tailored damaging move to deal with any reinforcements. Swap to this when you find your target.

Of course the funny thing about Chaining is that you sometimes need certain solutions and Smeargle has them, such as:

- Imprison is amazing in so many scenarios. You can block self-destructs, recoil moves, escape moves, healing moves, taunts, perish song, etc. etc. The only downside is it can limit your move pool somewhat, but for some mons its just essential.
- Ghosts are annoying to chain but you can just Soak them and they won't kill themselves with Curse and you can now False Swipe them, easily done.
- Swapping Shadow Ball/Shadow Claw with a steel move on Chainer Smeargle will make it immune to normal recoil moves, with other recoil moves you might have to resort to imprison. Also can get out of Ingrain if you don't feel you need to use a slot on Baton Pass.
- Gastro Acid helps against annoying abilities.
- Skill Swap/Role Play/Entrain are all very helpful moves that can allow you to swap certain useful abilities across to different party mons (using the wild pokemon as a go-between). So you can make use of stuff like Synchronise/Cute Charm/Damp etc.
- Some people like to run Heal Pulse/Purify on another pokemon as a back-up in case of an emergency (i.e. a shiny pokemon appears and starts using self-damage moves you didn't realise it learnt at its level). Being prepared can't help, it's not like you don't have the room.

Some pokemon have annoying quirks that don't become a problem until suddenly you're facing waves and waves of them and you find you're not as efficient as you could be, but the wonderful thing is that there are so many different ways to counter and control them, and of course Smeargle can do them all.

Soak is a good move to have if you plan to chain ghosts, since False Swipe and Hold Back don't hit them.
For Ditto chaining I just use:

Level 100 | Adamant | Technician | Leppa Berry

IVs: HP 252, Defense/Attack remainder (Haven't found the right balance yet)

False Swipe/Hold Back

Aqua Ring

Recycle

Pay Day

Pop aqua ring once, have high enough defense/attack to heal back whatever they do to you via aqua ring, while still being enough damage to get them to 1-HP even after they transform. Works since Ditto has very little health and retains said health after transforming. 


For everything else:

Impish/Careful  | Own Tempo | Leppa Berry

252 Attk, 252 S/Def, 4 S/Def

False Swipe / Hold Back

Recycle

Rest

Darkest Lariat (No immunities, ignores defenses, good damage)

This way Smeargle can survive even high-level hard hitting chains, while being able to KO or damage anything, and not need to worry about stat-boosters being a pain to bring down.

A few other neat ones:

Thief Sableye - Can handle Hariyama/Beldum chains, while also possibly stealing Kings Rock/Metal Coat

Thief Klefki - Fully immune/resistant to the Jangmo-o chains, while able to steal Razor Claw
this seems harder than just SoSing smeargle and using the 2nd smeargle to sketch the desired move..

Step 1. false swipe smeargle

Step 2. adrenaline orb

Step 3. when 2nd smeargle appears kill #1 / status #1 with desired move

Step 4. switch in you own smeargle

Step 5. sketch

Step 6. profit

oh my god! So i was on my way to grab the Corsola for recover and found a Wishiwashi. I didn't have it yet so false swiped it. It called a 2nd wishiwashi and i noticed a star showed up as it spawned. the thing was to tiny to see any difference so i caught that one hoping that meant shiny.(Used a luxury ball!)  Just got my first Shiny ever playing pokemon haha.
Or just teach the move to a wild smeargle and use sketch on it
Roost is a tm, and would technically be easier to put on smeargle than recover. They serve the same purpose.
Smeargle is out of PP and is holding the Leppa Berry but its not eating the Leppa Berry, can someone explain why this is happening and how i can get him to eat it so i can use recycle?
Commenting for later.
I have a full team of smeargle ready to chain the living hell out of basically everything (once they're level 100 and power-buffed with EV training that is) that doesn't have sturdy as its ability. With my team setup, I can chain to 835 having used no pp enhancing/restorative items. I'm sure my team has flaws, so do point out better moves I could use as I can re-Sketch. :D Also feel free to use this setup for yourself! At level 40, this team can successfully chain anything between levels 2-5, which includes pikipek, caterpie, and pichu. I have caught 5 shinies already with this team. Sorry for the incoming long comment:

Chaining Team (PP)

Brawler
  Mach Punch (30)
  Bullet Punch (30)
  Leafage (40)
  Rapid Spin (40)

Zapper
 Thundershock (30)
 Ice Shard (30)
 Leafage (40)
 Rapid Spin (40)

Scrapper
 Vicegrip (30)
 Pound (35)
 Leafage (40)
 Rapid Spin (40)

Feather
 Wing Attack (35)
 Peck (35)
 Leafage (40)
 Rapid Spin (40)

Slicer
 False Swipe (N/A)
 Scratch (35)
 Leafage (40)
 Rapid Spin (40)

Zephyr
 Gust (35)
 Fairy Wind (30)
 Leafage (40)
 Rapid Spin (40)

835 Moves Total w/ no PP Ups
Nature's Madness (50% damage of target's HP) will work on even ghost types, unlike False Swipe, if you are cautious and recognize that it CAN knock out a low HP target if you use it too many times. I just tried it on a wild Pokemon and it knocked it out on the 5th time. My Smeargle knows Nature's Madness, Skill Swap, Recycle, and now I'm learning a fourth damage move.

Note. If a Pokemon is at 9 then Nature's Madness will do 4 damage. 
I was able to make a Catcher Smeargle in a few hours with the following moves:

Recycle - Event Munchlax

Recover - Kadabra at level 30-something (one of my Kadabras happened to be high level as I was using his Synchronize to hunt UBs and found it learned Recover)

Aerial Ace - Rufflet learns it at level 23, not sure if it's still in a TM this generation

False Swipe - taught it to my Decidueye, went into an encounter with a Smeargle, FS'd it, switched to my Smeargle which then got FS'd. Sketch away!

For the other three moves I made sure the Pokes that learned them had it as the only move. That way the Ditto that transforms into them won't have any other choice.

The most time-consuming portion of this whole experience was hunting a Ditto down. 

I also did Aerial Ace last, and I didn't bother with the whole Heart Scale thing since we're all wanting to level up our Smeargles anyway so I would Sketch, hunt a few mons on Poni Coast then keep going.
Just a note, with a bit of investment into pelago you can farm passive 90 leppa berries every 12 hours so recycle is moot
Yeah I use this same setup but I have aerial ace as my damaging move so accuracy isn't an issue. Successfully got my shiny feebas and pikipek in my last two chaining sessions. Fairly quickly at that. 
What about using an HP recovery move like Leech Life instead of recover?
What's the point of recycle when you get can 200+ leppa berries from a full harvest in poke pelago? It's not like they're rare. 
planning on getting multiple Smeargles for various roles like the chaining guide said.

maybe get a Klefki to help chain for Dragonairs.

the problem now is getting the right Nature for the Smeargles so I caught as many Abras as I can until I found a Jolly(got Inner Focus) so I bred a few until I got one with Synchronize. Will get back there to catch as many Smeargles and breed for trial and error.
That's good for chaining ditto (although you wouldn't want recovery on that one). But why are you making it that complicated when in all other cases you can just catch a scyther? It can learn roost and false swipe and - if evolved - even bullet punch to make really really sure you kill that mareanie before it eats corsola...
Why not use the Recover moveslot for something like Skill Swap or Entrainment to check abilities? I just don't see why Recover would be better than just healing with an item.
Personally I love ghost types so Soak is a great move to have.
Question about the 4th/damaging move:

Icicle spear is an ice type, with 48 pp and 25 power. Wouldn't smeargle benefit more from a STAB normal type move, and even more so with the technician ability? I think that maybe Spike Canon would be a better move, as it is only 20 power, but normal type so it benefits from STAB as well as technician?
If you aren't chaining with a payday - happy hour - recycle Smeargle you are wasting your time.

When you want to catch it just switch out to something else.
Thanks OP!
I was looking for this exact list yesterday, and couldn't find one detailed enough. Real mvp 
Posting for review later
Modest, the secret nature
Now do it with a shiny.
I prefer one Timid, but I really like this! I have in X/Y my perfect Ninetales with 6iv and HA, and it's awesome, so, now I wanna do the same thing with Alolan Vulpix and Ninetales. Did you get the HA in the wild? 

Congrats! now go for the shiny one!
I know what you mean.  I spent ages breeding Wimpod.  146 rejects later, I have a 5IV with a near perfect Def IV Adamant Wimpod.  This little guy will be the basis of many a team for generations.  
Nice work! I've also just started learning breeding this gen, a few steps behind you with just a Modest Snow Warning Vulpix.

Can I ask how you got Freeze Dry on her? I get how you can breed in Moonblast from Sylveon, but I can't find anyone in Sun/Moon that learns Freeze Dry through level ups and I'm hoping I'm missing something obvious on the Serebii list, ha.
Nice job! In OR I managed to do the same thing a Farfetch'd (my favorite pokemon). It's such a great feeling when you finally get it
Amazing the perfect Vulpix 👌🏽
How'd you get a parent with freeze-dry?
Congrats friend!! Now onto shiny breeding!!
Nice! I love Ninetails, but specially love Alolan Ninetails. Could I trouble you for a Vulpix by any chance? I have perfect Grimers I'm willing to trade, as well as a shiny wrong natured three IV Grimer I'd be willing to part with.

edit: Shiny Grimer is four IV
hey im a noob to breeding and this game, but ive been breeding vulpix for snow warning, how do i get it just keep breeding?
We're you wonder trading off the others? I think I got one from you with 4 IVs, but I could be wrong. 
Congrats on your princess. Hope she kicks major ass when you evolve her. 
I wasn't going to comment, although the Vulpix is indeed awesome, but I saw you used a Luxury Ball and have to give my whole hearted praise now because I love using the Luxury Ball. 
But why would you max its attack...?
Hey any Chance you could Trade me one of These? I Want a ninetails on my Team but i Play Moon and am only at the beginning of the Game. Would be very cool if it could be female with ha too :)
New here so whats IVs I dont understand these terms yo
How hard was this? I've never been into / known about EV IV And natures til this gen too, and now I've been focusing on my EVs, but the whole breeding part seems so overwhelming to me.

Like I kinda know how it works with getting a good ditto and everything but then u need destiny knot which is like a shit ton of BP :( 
I've started breeding seriously this gen too.  Chained a ditto and working on a Salandit.
Breeding is so rewarding. I spent all day yesterday breeding Smeargles. I went from a random one caught in the wild to having 3 Serious (neutral nature) Smeargle with perfect IVs, 2 males and a female, so now I have my first ever perfect breeding pair. On another note, if anyone needs a 5IV Serious Smeargle, let me know, I've got tons of 'em!
i hate that they took away the PSS so much. now every time you leave festival plaza you're disconnected from the internet, so you have to reconnect every time you want to change around a team because there's no PC in the plaza either.
I am using the external battery that I bought for my phone when go released to charge my 3ds when out and about. I highly recommend it for those times when you need a charge and don't have access to an outlet. 
Well, technically Manaphy can reproduce as well, and Phione is just the product of the reproduction cycle not being completed in the cold oceans of the Ranger regions.

But this would also help explain the rarity of the Pokemon, that there are certain requirements for the breeding to occur.
also because some of them are just immortal spirits, legendary beasts, ho-oh, gen 4 box legends, genies, 
Minior Spoilers
The picture of Silvally and Gladion during the credits melted my heart. Knowing that Type:Null evolves with happiness makes the picture even more adorable.
Of course. It's the best Pokémon.
I just wish we had a way to obtain Type: Null earlier in the game, really wanted to use it on my play-through team. 
i reckon Nihilego is cute af though
When you are in the Festival Plaza, you can register someone as a VIP, and I'm pretty sure if they are your friend, it will automatically appear on the list of guests (then you can add them to VIP). The list to show the players is one of the buttons at the bottom, and it's 3 lines going horizontally over each other.
Bam! Dead battery
"First few concepts while I was at Nintendo HQ" So your Uncle got you in cuz he works for Nintendo right? And he just so happens to work in the department where you can see concepts for an unreleased game correct?
That feature isn't missing. That feature will just never be a reality. What kind of lesson does it tell kids playing the game that when they lose they should physically hit their opponent? It's a lesson in poor sportsmanship. No matter how much you'd like that feature, it's just something the game will never include so long as their target audience is young children.
There is an NPC that says it is based on a Tapu or island Guardian somewhere around route 13 because I stumbled upon it yesterday.
It brings bad luck to whoever carries it, and then you have to take it to an ancient burial ground to get rid of it, and hope you don't get kidnapped by a creepy professor.

That's how it worked on the Brady Bunch, anyway.
Unless you want a goddamn Slowking or Politoed in which case no matter what you put up, you lose.
I breed a bunch and got all the Moon exclusives, and all the 1-5% encounter rate pokemon, and the trade evos (Haunter, Machoke, Kadabra, etc) for my dex.  It took a few minutes between each trade.  
I have to figure the people trading these legendaries/UBs away are kids who don't know any better, which makes me feel kind of bad for them.
Should have bred some first.
Someone earlier wanted a Popplio for their Pheromosa. If I hadn't already traded a Buzzwole for Pheromosa I would've jumped on that shit so fast.
I hate to be that guy but my first SOS on Carbink was Sableye. 

Encounter rates are weird. 
Well, first off, snorlax isn't encounterable. Secondly, nah. There are already so few pokes in this game is rather it be artificially lengthened out by garbage encounter rates. 
mega-alakazam can one-shot almost every pokemon in the league from level 75 with psychic, dazzling gleam, Energy Ball, shadow ball
Silvally for sure :). You can just change its plate to w/e typing you want. One Pokémon will face roll the whole thing. Tho just bring some of the pp berries cause you signature move only has 10 pp before any pp ups 
They're probably going to be used again in games that don't contain a new generation - third versions, sequels, remakes, and whatever else.
Nobody knows what theyll have in store for the next games
Unless they can actually nerf them, no
Remakes maybe but for new games maybe not new games
Hopefully not 
I kind of expect they'll do a Misty where Ash turns up to the trial and they're all 'SIKE BITCH I'M IN CHARGE' but that doesn't explain why all these supposedly experienced Trainers are dicking around at the Trainers' School. Also the reveal would get real old if they did it with like five different trials.
I can see them going in the same direction as they did with the gyms in the other reasons. In the games, the gyms were straight forward and somewhat simple, but in the anime they had more of a story intertwined. I can see each trial take up 1 full episode, maybe 2
They said they'd add it with Bank compatibility, but from the way it's worded you likely won't get anything for completing it. It's just to make it easier to keep track of your Bank Pokemon.
It's tied to the bank 
The National Dex is going to be part of the Pokébank from now on. I doubt we'll get one implemented in Sun and Moon.
It was officially stated on the [Pokemon website](http://www.pokemon-sunmoon.com/en-us/pokemon-bank/) there will be a National Dex in the Pokemon Bank update. There has been no news as to what will happen if the National Dex in filled out.
Salandit. I can't exactly explain why, but I've always been a fan of the Pokemon villainous teams use, and Salandit feels like the only Pokemon that SHOULD be on a thug, Team Rocket like team. Maybe because it's a bandit...

Salazzle is really nice as well, and I would have liked it more if fan-art of it wasn't it just fucking another Salazzle or 5 Salandits... I get it, it creates a reverse harem, but do you have to DRAW that?
Same as yours I'm loving lycanroc. I'm on 3rd island and my midday form has the best stats on my team I believe, although I just got decidueye and incineror. I had a friend come over for some day drinking so I didn't get to compare stats.
I really like Wishiwashi. The schooling ability is totally unique, the school form looks horrifying, and it's a total beast. 

I'm also really likely Cutiefly. It's adorable, and it holds its own in battle really well despite being a literal tiny fly. 
Silvally, because he just looks really god damn cool, and come on, the guy needs a hug after learning how he was made.
my boy, PYUKUMUKU 
I feel like this is an unpopular opinion, but I absolutely adore Minior.

It's cute, usable, and unique.... what's not to love?
Alolan meowth!!!!!!!!!!!!
I 100% agree with you. Lycanroc is not only my favorite 7th gen Pokémon, but it's my new all time favorite Pokémon. 
OWWLLLL. also mimikyu is pretty cool
Toucannon
My Midnight Lycanroc got me through a few trials, esp the ghost trial. I know it's not as good as Midday Lycanroc, but it's okay. He's still my baby.  
Probably Bewear or Incineroar. Ohhh or Mimikyu.
Even though I had Moon I have to say I really love Turtonator! The design I think is so unique with some decent stats with it! Don't see much love for it though.
Thanks for answering a question I didn't know I had either.
"... What was I supposed to do with these rock again?  Pff, no clue... gonna throw them away then."

Critical Hit
In Ruby and sapphire, I was in a similar situation with castform, except instead of using the old move, it used the new one. 

Strange that they changed the mechanic. 
Does it work the same if you lock yourself into outrage?
You answered a question I never knew I had. Muk can learn Rock Tomb. 
Would have been amazing if they programed the game to give you confusion if that ever happens.
I wonder what happens if you forget a move that's being encored?  
Oh wow, I wondered this after I finished levelling all my things in Blissey bases for the Pokedex -- I feel like I did this a few times unknowwingly. good to know!
And did it lower the PP of Acid Armor? 
I think this has been a thing since gen 5. No idea why it is.
This guy looked into it a bit more here
https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/3e222u/a_pokemon_can_actually_attack_with_a_forgotten/
Plot twist: They still know every move they ever learned, but they pretend to only know four to make things harder for you.

You trap them in small spherical devices, you monster.
It happend last gen too 
I think in gen 5 I replaced rollout mid use and it kept going until it missed
5 moves confirmed
Okay good good. So how are we going to exploit this?
yeah, it still uses the move that was selected at the beginning of the round! i figure this is because changing or cancelling the move would be a disaster in a tense fight
This is great info! You have to be glad, since the devs most likely thought of this case and tested it, even though it is super rare.  This is the sort of combination of edge cases that cause games to crash.
How will the meta change??
So Pokemon CAN learn 5 moves, if only for a very small time frame.
Also I had snorlax holding the snorlium z before he was lvl 35 with giga impact so I switched it with my grimer holding normalium z, and they both had normalium z! 
Can confirm that this has been a thing at least since gen 6. did it in AS and X.
Also to add to this, if a Pokemon knows Mimic and uses it to copy an opponent's move, then replaces Mimic with another move mid-battle from a level-up the move won't change till after the battle. Found this out with my Mimikyu while I was chaining a Crabrawler.
I like to think that the trainer can only remember 4 moves at a time for the Pokémon rather than the Pokémon only remembering 4 moves. At the time you gave the command min was gonna use rock tomb, and then you forgot rock tomb and replaced it with acid armor, but muk still remembers
r/mildlyinteresting
Wait I literally remember performing this kind of experiment when I was a kid and I'm now realizing that made me curious. Then it made me nervous because I couldn't check what the moves did in the older games (I think or I was too young) and had to take a risk on the new move by doing that 
And this is why you can't level up in competitive c:
My Brionne actually did this with Water Gun after it leveled up and I replaced it with Bubblebeam!
Technically, the command was already assigned, so it was going to use Rock Tomb anyway. Don't worry, the game never broke.
In one of the elite four battles my Salazzle poisoned a pokemon with Toxic but it never took damage from the poison >:o
I did this with a Charizard in Y, this has been around for a while.
Huh. Never even thought about that.
This was a thing since a looong time ago. Strange how they never seemed to fix the mechanic or was it always supposed to work like this? I doubt it.
I noticed this too when I made my Kommo-o forget Work Up and learn Dragon Dance, only to get the +Atk and Sp. Atk once I got rid of Work Up. Little boost helped special Devastating Drake (Clanging Scales) to win me a tough fight. Pretty neat but rare mechanic.
LITERALLY UNPLAYABLE.
That's really neat! This might be something useful for a speedrun someday!
My son is into pokemon and I have zero idea about all the versions and games out there.

What game is being talked about in this post? What platform is it available on?
I ran in to this in SuMo too, I find it odd that it never happened to me in any game prior.
I think that's technically a bug.

Literally Unplayable.
This is a question I knew I had. Thank you. 
I had that happen with peck on my Dartrix
My Magnemite did that yesterday. It leveled up in Poni Island Canyon and continued to use the move that I had just forgot. Then it evolved into a Magnezone after the battle.

That was a good battle.
This explains Ashe's Pikachu... somewhat...
Everyone keeps upvoting this post...
Lol Muk backwards is Kum. 


Yes, I'm like 5.
I wouldn't be surprised at **ALL** if this actually was just a glitch because of how difficult a time the 3DS has with double battles.

(Edit: no hard feelings for the downvotes. I made a not-very-funny joke.)
Your inquisitive mind gives me a lady boner.
This happened to me back in emerald AND soul silver. Just an in game mechanic. Doing something else is probably more problematic than this. 
and this is relevant because?
I guess she didn't know that PC Pokemon are living it up on beans in the poke pelago, except for the ones being forced to work in the mines.
it is a little messed up, but are the living conditions really that bad?
If  Poke Pelago wasn't a part of the game, then I would be somewhat inclined to take her seriously (afterall, there was no evidence that it was like the anime).

But, since Poke Pelago is a thing, it simply makes her ignorant.

Now, I wish something was said to refute her, even if it was something very minor, but she is still wrong either way.
She doesn't know about PokePelago, otherwise, she'd know its her husband managing it, and without losing her husband, she wouldn't lose her mind, and we wouldn't have a plot
Because she's right up until SM?
Her argument falls a little flat when you consider that we really aren't given a choice in the matter in regards to boxing your excess Pokémon. Hell if I could I'd carry around all 800+ little guys with me but I understand I can't because: 1)that would be horrible from a gameplay aspect and 2) incredibly broken in multiple senses. So having a game character try to be all sanctimonious about something we, as a player, have zero control over is kinda silly.
Well, the ones you don't use get to hang out on a tropical island chain complete with free food and hot springs.

But I guess a parent who sends their kids off to some resort so that they don't have to raise them is still kind of a shitty parent
I sure hope so. Given that Rotom first appeared in Sinnoh, it would make its appearance in SuMo a little more meaningful. Plus, given that the game has been more driven by its story, I like that Rotom reminds me of what I should be doing or where I should be going. It's a nice touch without going overboard on the "LET ME ASSIST YOU" front. 
I hope so. That thing is fantastic.

There have been numerous attempts at the sort of "remind you what you are doing when you load the save" feature. But Rotomdex's commentary, combined with map markers, make it simple.
Please don't. I'll take a proper minimap without the red frame or the z-laden commentary, especially repetitive when completing its main bloody function. It's cool for this game, but I won't miss it.
Tapu Fini! She has aqua ring, which makes it impossible to keep her at 1 HP, plus muddy water, so it lowers my accuracy so I can even hit her with false swipe! 
And I'm over here laughing, trying to catch a beldum.
I just got it from Pelago lol
Mimikyu wasn't that bad but it's been the one I had to grind the most to get so far.
> 5% encounter rate

Wow, that's like... five times higher that a friggin Barboach or Shellder.

But seriously though, the encounter rate of marine mon beside Magikarp, Finneon and Tentacool is mostly stupid.
I literally wasted 20+ ultra balls on a beldum that was in the red and paralyzed
Lapras was my 2nd Pokémon to visit Pelago and it stayed.
OP I got one through the Pelago Island, it randomly showed up!
I was pretty tired trying to catch 4 mareanies till I got a merciless one. I can't imagine going for Hidden Ability. 
I got lucky and received a Lapras thru Pokelago. 2 now actually. Hardest catch this gen was Tapu Bulu. Battle wasn't even that bad dude just didn't want to stay in a ball. If you still need a Lapras I have an extra.
Tapu Bulu took me over an hour..he was at 3 or 4 health asleep and ultraballs...i ended up throwing a master ball. Still dont regret it.
I actually got one from Pelago. I feel super lucky now.
Minior and Beldum for me. Spent like 2 hours trying to get them last night. 
lmao go catch a dhelmise
Tapu Fini! the second time i got her down to like 10 hp, poisoned after wasting like 5 ultra balls on her. and she refused to get in the 6th. Fainted due to poison.
Fishing up a Dratini (1-10% encounter rate depending on bubbling spots) and then trying to get a Dragonite to spawn from SoS (additional 1% on top of its catch rate) All I wanted to do is be like Lance with an underleveled Dragonite :(
Meanwhile I got Lapras via Poke-Pelago lol
Caught and found mine fairly quickly. Catching all the forms of Minior however, was frustrating. 4 hours.
People should take more advantage of the GTS and breeding. It's not nearly as difficult to trade up as people think. I got about 16 Mareanies last night looking for the HA, and most of those were people looking for relatively common Pokemon. Some of the ones I remember were Fomantis, Smeargle, Sandshrew, Miltank, etc.

My advice is to get one semi-rare Pokemon and breed a bunch of them (I use Chansey and Lapras, now probably Mareanie) and you should be able to trade it for any non-legendary within minutes. You can also probably trade them for legendaries too, but it might take a little longer.

This is how I've obtained all my "rare" Pokemon, including: multiple dittos, Chansey, Lapras, Mareanie, Mimikyu, Feebas, etc. 
Protip: Buy honey to get encounters faster.
I had two give themselves to me through poke pelago
All of the Land Spirits (Tapus). Seriously, 1 health and an Ultra Ball won't do it, not even if I put them to sleep. But for both Tapu Lele and Tapu Koko, I swear I almost smashed my game cartridge when they just gave up when they saw the strength of my almighty *basic Pokeball!* That's about 9 Ultra Balls I'm not getting my money back for.
honestly catching lunala pissed me off.  Killed it probably 13 times before I caught it, but it was modest nature when I got it :D
Rowlet's third evo is a beast also
I have never used a grass starter in any Pokemon game on the first run ever. This time I did because Rowlet is just so cool. 
Biased (seemingly rare apparently) Popplio fan here, and Rowlet's episode was quite enjoyable.

However the next two episodes seem to focus on Popplio and Litten, and from the previews, there is quite a contrast between all three starters personality-wise.

That said, every scene with Popplio so far is priceless.


[I love this bird](http://i.imgur.com/k3RRmiv.jpg)
Anyone else think the anime Lillie is a generic bitch? I was like "... no that's not Lillie, where is Lillie at?"
I would usually pick a fire starter, I'm not angry it's bipedal, but the final form of Litten just looks bad and poorly designed
I had many doubts when I saw the trailer for the Sun and Moon anime.

...Oh how wrong I was. Up to Episode 4, AND I'M LOVING IT.
Too bad theyre missing episode 1 and 2 :( 
Not dubbed yet, but subbed on Elite4Pachira's channel.
What's the link to episodes 3 and 4? Are they dubbed in english?
So I haven't watch the anime, but does it look like ssh will get all the starters? I kinds prefer when he only has one.
yeah, this pretty much cemented it for me 
Rowlet all the way! I kinda don't want to evolve him because cuteness.
I really like all of the starters this gen and I can't wait to get Moon to use Litten/Popplio together, but Rowlet/Decidueye are priceless gems of awesomeness. Dartrix isn't as good for me but it's still good :) 
I liked the first 3 episodes, 4 reminded me that team rocket is going to be doing their shtick every episode
This is the first time I chose a grass starter instead of water. No regrets.
Go with Volbeat and Illumise instead 
I wouldn't go for a gift based on Latios & Latias.... unless their last name are Lannister
Latios and Latias are sibling pokemon iirc

Go with like, Tauros and Miltank, or Nidoqueen and Nidoking.
Actually, the newest legends are more representative of love/two halves of the same coin than any others, Lunala and Solgaleo. Plus the sun/moon motif thing should be easy to represent. 
What back room? ;3
Ghost shenanigans, like every spooky occurrence in Pokemon.
If you pay attention to the cutscene after you beat Totem Mimikyu, you'll notice Acerola with a blank look on her face as she walks a way.

For a split moment, Mimikyu can be seen walking away behind the player character after Acerola leaves. Spooky.
Probably just an illusion created by Mimikyu
Two words:

Trick Room
What backroom?
The room actually disappears? Woah. I never got back inside the haunted mart and I assumed Acerola was pretending she didn't know about the room for the sake of trial immersion, since I've been noticing that trial captains often lie to you during the trials. Yeah Sophocles, the power going off was totally an accident... and you too Lana, there's no way the Wishiwashi you've trained are the ones causing those bubbles in the lake! 
Also Ash and Pikachu can be seen in a photo in the back room. Really interesting.
Mimikyu's owner managed to remove his clothes accidentally and died.

(i just made that up, don't take it seriously)
**Also** found this really nice photo of MC and Lillie in exeggcutor island made by this guy/girl on instagram.   

https://instagram.com/p/BNNA1pPBWFp/
Hopefully next time were in Kanto we will see her.
Going back to Exeggutor Island gives me the feels.
There are 3 things that influence pokemons stats  
1. **Nature** increases one stat by 10% and reduces another stat by 10%  
2. **IV's** are randomized values that make about 5-20% difference on a stat depending on how high the base stat is. IV's can be passed down from parents through breeding. Each Pokemon has 6 IV's, one for each stat HP, Att, Def, Sp.Att, Sp.Def, Spd. Just google IV breeding guide.  
3. **EV's** also increase stats. EV's are set whenever you knock out a pokemon. Different pokemon give different EV's. Knocking out a Zubat gives each pokemon that gains EXP from that 1 Speed EV. ~4 EV's boost a stat by 1 Point at lvl 50. Google EV training guide.  
I'm going to go ahead and copy part of an explanation of IVs I wrote for someone else:

IVs are short for Individual Values and are something every Pokemon has. In addition to their base stats, every Pokemon will have a hidden randomly generated value between 0-31 added to each of their stats. Obviously, the higher the number, the higher their maximum stats can be. One of the main objectives of breeding is to get Pokemon with as many "perfect" IVs as possible--that is, multiple stats with an IV of 31.

By hidden, I mean that the stat is never displayed as an actual value anywhere in game. Traditionally there has been an NPC called the Judge who will tell you the range of values for an individual Pokemon's stats. Thankfully one of the best changes they made was an upgrade to this 'system'. Now you only have to talk to him once after hatching 20 eggs and he will upgrade your PC with the ability to judge your own Pokemon's IVs. (This part about the Judge applies to SuMo only.)

So piggybacking on that explanation, breeding is at its core maximizing an individual Pokemon's potential via 3 major factors: IVs, nature, and egg moves.

We've gone over IVs already, so what are natures? Natures don't just add personality to your Pokemon, they have an actual direct impact on their stats too. An Adamant Pokemon, for example, has its Attack stat raised by 10%, while also lowering its Special Attack by the same amount. So you can use natures to further increase particular stats and make it even more effective in battle. Natures can be bred for and passed down along with IVs and can make a huge difference in battle.

And finally, egg moves. Egg moves are moves a Pokemon can only learn via breeding with other Pokemon. They often include moves that are extremely beneficial, again increasing their effectiveness in battle.

The difference between a wild-caught, untrained Pokemon and a properly bred, fully EV trained Pokemon with the proper nature, IVs and carrying egg moves...to be honest, there really is no comparison.

And one more quick explanation--EVs sound similar to IVs, but they are not the same thing. EVs are Effort Values, and are points used to increase your stats even more. Every time a Pokemon receives Exp. in battle, it also gets points added to particular stats. Every time it earns 4 points in one stat, that stat goes up one point. So you can actually choose what stats to raise to either make its strengths stronger or shore up weaknesses in order to make situations more favorable. EVs do have a hard cap as well, both for individual stats and an overall cap, so you want to choose carefully. But it's not really part of breeding, although they are of course very complimentary. A properly bred and trained Pokemon can be very, very strong.

It sounds like a lot, and honestly while it is, it's a lot more complicated on paper than it is in practice. If you do want to get into breeding competitive Pokemon, you will need some items and also some particular Pokemon in order to get yourself set up. Which Pokemon and how you get the items will vary depending on which game you want to start breeding in, so we would need a little more information from you before recommending any particulars. You say your friend is playing Sun, but you don't specify what games you have and which ones you want to get started in.
Learn the stats and work them to your advantage. Breed until you get stats you want. 
Half your team is weak to ground (Earthquake) with Salazzle being deadly allergic to it as well (x4).

Also a toxic stall would demolish this team, once Salazzle is fainted away by an earthquake.

Suggestion: Add a blissey for healing/Support and tanking Special attackers and sweepers.
Yea its pretty good actually.  But whats your strategy here? 



 Oh ok



Wait so you just put a lot of moves that are different types?
Replace most of them with Cosmog.
"funny" and "adrive"  are 2 words I've never seen together before. 

Oceanic Operetta. It's a move that looks deadly and beautiful at the same time, and Primarina is absolutely graceful during it. 

Stoked Sparksurfer would be 100% awesome if the game didn't become a PowerPoint presentation while doing the animation...
Continental Crush
I like Savage Spin-Out quite a bit. There's such a variety of things that happen throughout it. First, they're wrapped up in a web! Then it gets swung to the other side! Now it's being tossed and all of a sudden, mid-air, it's slashed in half! I love it so much.
Tectonic Rage.  Extremely happy with it just because I imagine that as a good form of "ultimate ground attack".  Doesn't seem to get a whole lotta love.
Whatever the poison one is, i love the trainers dance.
Rest....zzzzzzzzzz
Guardian of Alola
I've played ORAS and X&Y, but SUMO is the first game I put a fairy type in my time. Ribombee OP!
There were so many fairies I wanted to use this time around. 

Ninetales, Primarina, Mimikyu, Ribombee.

I used the first three but unfortunately no matter what I tried I couldn't seem to fit the little bee into my team without giving it too many common weaknesses. :/ 

Shame. I really like it.

Edit: Ohh, I like Shiinotic too.
Should've picked Popplio, get that Fairy train rolling at level 10
I was fortunate to have a mimikyu of my own to go toe to toe with the totem mimikyu. Made it significantly easier. Z move spirit shackle helped as well.
I was excited for the introduction of the Fairy type solely for the fact it made my favorite type (Poison) relevant finally, but all of the Gen 6 Fairy types besides Sylveon were such a disappointment and I never really used the type very much outside of retconned Pokemon like Gardevoir and Azumarill. I've been much more happy with how great the Gen 7 ones have been. Primarina, Alolan Ninetales, Shiinotic, Mimikyu, and Ribombee are all Pokemon I've trained/will train in the future.
I ran a Granbull in my initial Y playthrough.
not gonna lie, fairy became one of my favorite types in X/Y and ORAS. 
After a whole bunch of pokemon (including some of my absolute favorites) became Fairy types, i just ended up incorporating them into my team. Altaria and Gardevoir especially. they're faves of mine, so they came to my team in ORAS. and it was glorious.
I saw alolan ninetails and about cried with joy. The Dragon Slayer.  

In short, I love the fairy type, and because of all these pokemon, im beginning to see more use out of types i normally wouldn't use, like Ice, Steel, and things like fighting.
Mimikyu is my team MVP. He's gotten me through every tough late game and post game battle.
I'm doing a fairy mono-type run right now! And honestly, given the crazy amount of subtypes available and the fact that fairy has very few weaknesses (both of which are somewhat uncommon in Alola), it's felt mostly like a normal run. Just got to the last island and my team is:

* Azumarill
* Shiinotic
* Carbink
* A-Ninetales
* Mimikyu
* Klefki

Honorable mentions (Pokemon I've used in the playthrough but are no longer on the team) include:

* Ribombee
* Wigglytuff
* Sylveon

Been having tons of fun with it. The only real gaps are steel and electric. My Azumarill has Brick Break and decent bulk, which is usually enough to handle Steel types and my Shiinotic with its great SpDef and resistance to Electric types can usually handle those.

Magnezones give me trouble though. :P
Am I missing a joke...? Why are you calling them "faeries"?
no, it will switch at the beginning of the next battle
No its Ability is Shields Down when it drops below 50% HP it loses some defensive stats and gains offensive and speed stats. When it has 50% or more HP it gets its "shield" back.
The color will be permanent though.
I know it'd never happen, but it'd be awesome if we got a game with three regions in it. You can go to all three, and imagine how cool it'd be if you could choose which one you started it! (So you could do Sinnoh->Johto->Kanto, Johto->Kanto->Sinnoh, or Kanto->Sinnoh->Johto). That'd be such a cool Switch game. Again, NEVER going to happen, but still would be pretty awesome.
Let's be real here.

The only reason johto is loved is because they tacked kanto on at the end 
I dislike Johto so much, its the most over rated generation IMO ;-;
> That fact that Gen II gets no love astounds me, especially when that game and its remake were loved for having the best story line in the games to that point.

What story? Team Rocket tries to revive itself (without really doing much at all)?

Besides, Johto came out pretty terribly because Kanye was tacked on at the end. We don't need to add another region to the pile. TBH, if there was another GS remake, I would hope they'd ditch Kanto and actually make Johto complete and interesting.
In Gladion's room: "Get out."
"My Hiker friend was so pleased by your correct answer that he just had to battle you."

Really though, the game's writing is just all sorts of amazing.
"Is that MY Team Skull top you're wearing?! We should write our names on them to stop this happening."

"Uhhh.. Helloooo? What's the point? Our names are all Grunt!"
"I already got self-esteem issues, man!" 
"I've done... zero squats!"

Me irl.
Mine would be "Let's go! KNEECAPS!!"
Speaking of ign. In pokefinder when you take a photo by alot of water, one of the comments might say "7.8/10 too much water"
mine is,

"The flavor from the rare bone seems to fill my whole mouth."

or 

"GG for short"
"Y'all are stupid!"

-Guzma 2016
My favorite quote is from a martial artist (or it might be a swimmer) who says, "Abs! Abs!"
"Hala is here to make you holler!"

This quote will be in my mind forever.
My favorite by far (although it's been posted a million times):

"I'll be in the mix too, yeah. 

And now we have our foursome!"
"Yall stupid"
"Woah I got a mewtwo from wonder trade!"
most of the things Team Skull grunts said were entertaining to say the least. 
"Wherever we meet ya, we ain't even gonna greet ya!"
Lana lying about Kyogre was great 
I like a female Team Skull Grunt who says (don't know actual quote) "Carnivine is my favorite!" and then she doesn't have a Carnivine
I think it's near the Water Trial, but there's a double battle with a pair of little girls and when you beat them one of them yells "I'm too young for math!"
"I'm mad annoyed that my team just got destroyed."
'You can't rename Pokemon you get in trades, my Magnemite's name is Chrome Dome'
Mine is a woman who says "That Black Belt over there has unbreakable focus!" referring to a Black Belt trainer with his eyes closed a few spaces away from her. You go talk to him and its revealed that he's actually just sleeping.
"... ..."
Lots of the quotes in this game made me chuckle or do a double take, but the one that made me laugh out loud even after having a bad day was when Guzma said "Y'all are stupid!" Best. Line. Ever.
He's the anti-Ephraim
"Ya'll are stupid" ~Our Boi 2016
There's a guy like that in BW2 after you beat Colress on the ship at giant chasm.
"The land is most certainly ahoy oh boy!"
"Sometimes I want to smash the world, but I'm always too afraid of it."
Coffee Guy in Pokemon center "time you enjoy wasting isn't wasted time".
"Were you flew here or were you grew here" had me laughing on the floor
"I'm so ashamed I want to dive."
"Y'all are stupid!"
"Ya'll are stupid."
"Everyone's smiles shine so brightly" (Cries)
my fave is "You know what?"
"I know"
"I havent asked a question yet" 
or however it went
>When an NPC realizes he/she is gonna fight the godly main character


I like a female Team Skull Grunt who says (don't know actual quote) "Carnivine is my favorite!" and then she doesn't have a Carnivine
"7.8/10"
Pound it!
uku billion will always be my fav. I'm so happy they had some pidgin in here
"I already have self esteem issues, man!"
7.8 out of 10. IGN "To many quotes"
Joke explain 
"No, cuz Kanto needs more luv"
With all of the remakes, each one is on a new console. I want Gen 8 first so the DP remakes are slick as fuck.
D/P remakes are pretty likely. I see them being on the Switch as well.
Well yes nintendo didn't trade mark anything or announce anything so nothing is for sure but it seems very likely 
I fucken hope so at least
I wouldn't be mad if they happened. However, I really do not think it's the right time for them. In my humble opinion I think that Kanto or even Kalos are more likely to be revisited.
Porygon-Z is a broken monster right now, with absolutely insane sweeping potential. We'll have to see how the meta develops, but it wouldn't surprise me if it was banned.
What? In competitive? In battle tree? Elaborate more please.
And to continue on this topic, is ash grenija viable?
There's a rippling fishing spot on the right side of the map where Dratini is a 10% chance. Probably more efficient.
I wonder, if you had a max repel going, and since fishing doesn't take any steps, right, would you only get items?
Slowly go to the bubbling spots, and save before fishing at them. If you don't get the Pokemon you're aiming for, then soft reset and the bubbles will be back and you'll be able to try for the Pokemon you're looking for again. Alternatively, you can just run from the battle/KO the wild Pokemon and then leave the area and come back for the bubbles to come back.
Do it more and youll catch something else?  Also just never do it in non bubble spots its just useless
You can soft reset or leave the area and re-enter to make bubbles appear again. You'll get better pokemon from these.
Go to the spots where the "bubbles" are blowing.
Doesn't Hau say that he'll send Lillie a letter right before she leaves for Kanto?
Yhe amulet probably is her *own*, neither ours nor Hau's. Keep in mind Hau is the grandson of a Kahuna so him and us as Champion could pressure Hala and Kukui into giving us an Amulet for Lillie. :P
We definitely at least need a second save file.  I really want to restart and do a Mono-Bug run, but I am not about to delete all my progress...
That would destroy the end game. My idea for the perfect compromise would be to reset all of the trainer's and have level scaling for Trainers and Wild Pokémon everytime you defeat the E4.
I thought about this at one time, but then I thought how? It usually works for other games because you have a handful of characters to use, but Pokémon allows you to use hundreds, all with their own minor stat variences like EVs, IVs, Natures, etc. You would think simply raising earlygame levels would be a cinch, but it usually takes a long time to raise experience points, which also have different growth speeds for all of them, and then what if you decide to use something else when you grow tired of the party you finished the game with?


I believe the reason we haven't had some sort of new game + feature is because of the abundant variety we have at our disposal throughout the game. Each playthrough can be a difficult or easy one depending on what Pokémon you use.
It would be cool if they just did what Heart gold and soul silver did and made end game another region.
I guess just be careful to not flip your connection on and off while trading, or try to trade while your DS battery is blinking red. 
I agree with op. Happened to me for no reason. Now im temp banned. Stupid measure to stop cloning when there are people making fake mons with programs. Hurts the legit people more than it does the hackers.
It's only a couple days, chill.
Well it was in the anime recently, and it just opened up its mouth and shot some bullet seeds. [Video for reference](https://youtu.be/vZrdnThN4b8?t=15m17s)
I don't know if I'm mad or not about it being Talonflame v2.
Maybe it could lift its head up and blast/roll the seed off the top-inside of its mouth?
TBH, what is the game's deal with this thing? According to the coding of the game, it's not an Ultra Beast, according to the dex it 'probably' is, according to the NPCs it is, according to Wicke it isn't, and Pokémon.com has it under neither a Pokémon nor an Ultra Beast.
Much wow 
I did the same! http://m.imgur.com/uYyglu0

I refused to catch it in any other kind of pokeball. But it took me 3 soft resets :/
Oof. That nature :/
I caught a bold natured one first try with a pokeball. Haven't checked the IVs but bold is best for Necrozma.
I am truly oblivious. I just assumed it was an ultra beast, false swiped it to 1 hp and got it on my first try in a beast ball. Did it actually have an insane catch rate and I'm just dumb and lucky? 
I'm jealous of that luck. Haha Took 32 Ultra Balls at 1 HP while paralyzed for me to catch it.
I can one-up you as I got it on my first one, on exactly 12.5% HP (I used Nature's Madness and Guardian of Alola) - it looked like a UB, I just had a go, didn't know it wasn't meant to belong. Are we absolutely, 100% certain Necrozma doesn't get the Beast Ball boost?
so wait, this is a weird thing? i got it in a beast ball too, like in 5 throws or so.
Nice! I also caught Necrozma in a beast ball, I just recently unlocked the IV judge so I went and checked through the legendaries. It has 5 perferct IVs, missing Attack. Cannot believe it
Is it shiny locked by the way. I know the box legends, alternate Cosmog, the Ultra Beasts, and the Tapus are, but is Necromza?
The absolute madman.
I thought a Beast Ball had the same catch rate as a Poké Ball. What's the big deal?
Welcome to the club. Took a ton of resets and settling on a -Spd+SpA nature but I only used 7 when it happened
[deleted]
I also did. Nature and stats were garbage and mine *was* asleep. Oh well. Into Wonder Trade it went. 
That probably just means he likes the trading card game, since the new sets just came out with the new Alolan Pokemon maybe get him one of those?
If he wants Mega Ex cards then your best bet is to buy single cards as buying only sealed packs will likely leave him disappointed.  My recommendation is to buy a cool looking mega ex card and a couple sealed card packs to go with it (that should add up to around $15 assuming you get one of the cheaper mega ex cards).
Synopsis: Get in the fucking bag.
I'm not done yet but I'll offer up what has happened thus far lol. 

You're new to Alola, moved from Kanto. On your way to receive your first Pokémon you run into a young girl and a strange Pokémon companion of hers. You save this Pokémon from being attacked, and in the process are saved yourself by the island's guardian deity - Tapu Koko. 

Noting that this elusive Pokémon sees potential in you, the island's Kahuna (powerful Pokémon trainer/leader) gives you a starter and sets you off on the Island Trial Challenge with his grandson. There are seven trials scattered across the Alola region, each focusing on a certain type. These trials are held by captains, which are basically gym leaders. Once you have completed an island's trials you are eligible to face that island's Kahuna. Defeating this Kahuna grants you access to the next island. 

Along the way you learn more about that girl you saved, Lillie, and her weird space Pokémon she calls Nebby. Three months prior to the game's beginning, Lillie and Nebby were attacked by members of the Aether Foundation - a Pokémon conservation organization - at which point Nebby released some sort of hidden power and saved them. Lillie and Nebby were later found washed up on a beach, and were taken into the care of the Professor and his wife - who studies Pokémon and alternate dimensions. Throughout your travels, Lillie states multiple times that it's her goal to see Nebby safely back to its home - wherever that is. 

You also meet a mysterious and angsty trainer named Gladion, who looks an awful lot like Lillie. He aspires to be the absolute best trainer in the world with his partner Pokémon Type: Null, which kind of looks like a Frankenstein Pokémon. 

Through the professor's wife you learn that Alola is home to an Ultra Wormhole, which sporadically appears. In the past this wormhole produced several very powerful creatures - Ultra Beasts - which the island guardians (like Tapu Koko) fought against to protect the island's Pokémon and people. Lillie's friend Nebby seems attracted to the old ruins on each island, where these guardian Pokémon live. 

After defeating your second Kahuna, you are treated with a visit to the Aether Foundation, where you meet the foundation's President. The president - Lusamine - is obsessed with loving and caring for all Pokémon, and has made it her goal to stop the workings of Team Skull, who seem like a newer Team Rocket in that their main objective is to steal powerful Pokémon from others. They also have a history of abusing Pokémon for their selfish needs. It's worth noting that Lusamine looks a lot like Lillie and Gladion.

While visiting the President, the Ultra wormhole appears and out pops a creature that looks like a jellyfish with a large hat on... but it also kind of looks like Lillie. You attempt to battle the creature, and after it takes out one of your team members it vanishes back to wherever it came from. Lusamine then declares it will be her goal to protect and love this creature as well. 

At this point you and a friendly rival of yours hop on a ferry to head to the next island, and that's where I'm at so far. 
Young child is a prodigy. Catches monsters in special ball shaped devices. Uses monsters to fight other people with monsters. Saves the world from an otherworldly threat. Becomes champion.
There are multiple people you have to defend your title against. 

It's a cool idea that I'm glad they implemented. 
Actually, there are like 6-7 possible trainers that you might battle. Hau is one of them.
It's not an easter egg and ofc it has been found already.   Once you do the league once , you are the campion and have to defend your titel,  that means you are going to meet many different people (like 10 or so) trying their hands at becoming campion themselves.  If you want a list just look on serebii 
Sorry to nitpick, you've done a pretty good job here, but I can see a lot of flaws here.

- It's pretty much confirmed that Pokémon evolution is simply a Frog or Butterfly style metamorphosis, where it's Animals at several different stages of life. Therefor, Pokémon will always share the same genus as it's evolution.
- Ultra Beasts, technically speaking, would have their own tree of life, but I'll let this one slide
- Type:Null and Silvally wouldn't be in a specific genus, as it's manmade and unnatural, as well as being a combination of several Animals
- Dewpider and Araquanid are [Diving Bell Spiders] (http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/53115000/jpg/_53115203_4argyronetaaquaticashowingplastron2011-014569.jpg)
- Pheromosa is a Cockroach, as stated by it's name in several languages, as well as it's overall appearance matching a [shedded Roach] (https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d8/Ecdysis.jpg), putting it in Blattidae
- IIRC, it was confirmed at some point that the Axew line was based on Dinosaurs. Considering the beak, and the enlarged tusks, they most likely are based on [Psittacosaurus] (https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/12e889363d4f1e8cb7111c78957d034430dcfe48/0_11_2953_1773/master/2953.jpg?w=620&q=55&auto=format&usm=12&fit=max&s=03f7f2ae8fdf367ceae789f48ef002ba), making it related to Aggron and Bastiodon.
- Chespin's line would come under the same group as Slaking and Heatmor, as it's based on a [Glyptodon] (https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/53/79/3b/53793b80441025a7650fe72aabbe532e.gif)
- Wouldn't Yungoos and Gumshoos be in exactly the same genus as Zangoose?
- I'm pretty sure that Noivern is still more of a Bat.

And as a little suggestion as to how to handle Dragons without creating a new clade for them, six limbed Dragons (Charizard, Salamence, etc) could be classified under [Coelurosauravus] (https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f7/Coelurosauravus_BW.jpg), which, unlike the modern day Draco Volans, had unique bones not connected to their ribs, but to their spine which functioned as gliding wings. And for the Dragons that have winged forelimbs, putting them under Scansoriopterygidae wouldn't be a bad idea, seen as we've recently discovered one of said Dinosaurs (Known as ['Yi Qi'] (http://www.livescience.com/images/i/000/075/678/i02/yi-qi-bat-winged-dinosaur.jpg?1430320457?interpolation=lanczos-none&downsize=640:*) ) having leathery wings between it's fingers
Araquanid and Dewpider are spiders dude come on

edit: And LEavanny is definitely not a butterfly
Holy crap, this is amazing...thanks for sharing! Interested to see where this goes and it'd be awesome to see this as a poster of some sort. :P
Couple things:

* Insects emerged from within the crustceans, not as their own lineage separate from the other arthropods.
* Leavanny is almost certainly a leaf-cutter ant, not a walking stick.  Should be in Hymenoptera.

I have but one thing to nitpick... Cyndaquil is **DEFINITELY** not a duck, I believe it's supposed to be like a Fire Porcupine

edit: Actually aren't Monotremes supposed to be Platypus (Platypi, Platypuses... whatever) and Echidnas?
Pretty sweet, I'll definitely have to come back when I'm not on mobile so I can see it better. 
Comments:

- I'd say the Abra family is more fox than goat, but that's just my opinion. I'd put the Eevee family with the foxes as well, just to put them somewhere.
- Yveltal is not a dragon, in-game or in design inspiration. It's a bird, and is based off of mythological birds (mostly Norse). Actually, the whole myth/crypto aspect of this chart is kinda odd; why create a chart based on a real-life system just to write off so many Pokemon as dragons/fairies/aliens? I mean it's your chart, and you did a great job, but it just seems a bit... I don't know, backward?
- Why is Archeops not an archaeopteryx?
- Why put Noivern with his mythical friends instead of his real ones? What key bat-feature is he missing that Golbat, Wubat, or Lunala have?
just rematch league 
Depends, if you defeat him during the cutscene you can rebattle him directly after without having to rematch the league, if you defeat him the second time, you'll have to do the league again.
is he shiny locked? 
i got a tapu koko with sp attack hp and someth8ng else with a modest nature first try. imma use it a as a bulky sp attacker
You have to find people with the building you want, or get lucky on rank up. No upgrading, sadly.
Steps. It's never been time based.
Each step you take has a chance to create an egg based on how well the two pokemon in your daycare get along.  You can check using the message the day care lady gives you about your pokemon

"They seem to get along" runs you a pretty good chance at an egg

"They prefer to play with other pokemon" pretty much means there is 0 chance for an egg.

The chance is increased with the oval charm of course.


Its 256 steps and then you have a chance from 20%-70%, based on parents, to get an egg.

The odds are 20% chance if the parents are different pokemon both caught by you, 50% chance if the parents are the same pokemon both caught by you, 50% chance if the parents are different pokemon but one was not caught by you and a 70% chance if the parents are the same and one was not caught by you.

Source: http://www.serebii.net/games/breed.shtml
Just a heads up, the midnight version is bad even tho it looks cooler. And even so, the midday version isnt very good too.
The first encounter I had with a midnight lycanroc (I have sun), I thought 'o cool lemme catch it' and turns out it was adamant nature, I found that pretty cool
I prefer Midday over Midnight any day. It looks more like Rockruff, is super loyal to its trainer, unique move and has high attack and speed making it viable in a region full of slow Pokémon. Meanwhile, Midnight looks like a looney toon character with COUNTER as its main selling point.
If you catch a Midday Lycanroc in Moon and breed it, will that Rockruff still evolve into a Midnight Lycanroc?
In competitive battles it activates only once I believe, but in game it's different.
I've gotten a shiny Rockruff and a shiny Pichu so far, they're pretty cool.

I'm hunting for a shiny Alolan Grimer, but I've done like 700+ SOS encounters and no dice so ummmmm
Cubone and pipikek
I got a random Shiny Mudbray
I have gotten a shiny Grubbin after about 80 SOS encounters and a shiny Wishiwashi after about 1100 SOS encounters.
I encountered a Shiny Boldore and thankfully caught it without it calling for help
I've gotten a Riolu and a Diglett. Two days inbetween. Just random encounters. Riolu was a 10 Chain SOS. I'm not sure shiny encounters improve that early though.
I SOS chained a magikarp and a mudbray!
SOS'd a pichu ☺️ Here I come shiny A-Raichu
Bagon and Dragonair for me. Took about 2 hours each.
I randomly encountered a Wishiwashi the other day, and then a Pangoro last night while I was trying to SOS a Castform on Route 17. Caught them both. Have now doubled my shiny encounters from last gen.
I have a sandygast, vulpix, comfey, and a rockruff
Random Magikarp and a Zubat while chaining to EV train speed in Ten Carat Hill. 
I found a random shiny Haunter in the abandoned market. Luckily it was after the trial :)
Found a shiny Magikarp while fishing for Heart Scales.
Random encountered makuhita, S.O.S a Vulpix and SR for Type:null
Bred a perfect shiny Dratini and Misdreavus.
Caught a Shiny Bagon!

None:/
My shinies so far:
Exeggcutor (harvest 4iv)
Ninetails (snow warning 4iv)
Raichu (4iv)
Gyarados (5iv)
Dugtrio (3iv)
Gumshoos (terrible IVs)
Got a big bad shiny Zubat. Sigh...
I've gotten a shiny fomantis. It's cute, probably my favourite gen 7 pokemon. Won't evolve though.
I got a shiny Lillipup that is now a Stoutland
Shiny Spearow with Adamant nature, now a fearow. Random Encounter. I'm gonna use this bad girl to beat the shit out of my boi Guzma.
Went to fish for a Dhelmise, but ended up with a random shiny wailmer on my first cast. 
I SOS'd a shiny sandyghast and then I got a JPN rowlet from WT and bred a shiny with that. My two shinies are black, which is awesome 
- I was just walking through some grass a few days ago when a shiny sneasel appeared; I started screaming and woke up my roommate (oops)

- Tried out my first SOS chain last night and got a shiny pichu as well (74th in the chain)!
I ran into a random shiny tentacool while cruising along on sharpedo.
Found a shiny Eevee while collecting them for a complete Eeveelution set.
Was breeding abras for synchronize with all the natures, when I stumbled upon a Sassy shiny abra. No Masuda method at all, just absolutely random.
r/ShinyPokemon is mostly gen 7 right now?
Grubbin evolves into charjabug and then into Vikavolt and both those are electric types. Grubbin can be found on route 1.
[Dex from Serebii](http://www.serebii.net/sunmoon/alolapokedex.shtml)
Grubbin is nice. It's last form evolves in a specific location, like Magneton into Magnezone.

Geodude is now electric/rock, double weakness to Ground but solid against Many flying types. You can even get a Transfered Alolan Graveler in a PokeCenter, but you need a Haunter to trade it.
I saw someone with an Exegutor flair that was so tall its head was in the post above it. 
Rip Gaem
mine lol =P
Some previously weaker Pokemon were propped up, most notably Pelipper, which is always nice. It's too early to tell how balanced the meta game will look, but ignoring the obvious outliers (legendary Pokemon, Ultra Beasts), I feel we got some good additions that are strong but not brokenly so.
Beautiful
this is super freaking awesome! how long did it take?!
Awesome! I love it. Do you plan on doing any more?
Shiny A-raichu looks cute af, good job on the catch!
I think this would be better suited for /r/shinypokemon. Congrats though!
While I would definitely prefer sequels(and even this idea in general over Gen 1 remakes), Kanto needs to be left alone a few more generations, at least as the main focus of a generation. 4 generations in a row directly had Kanto in it. The past 2 generations(6 and 7) have had EXTREME pandering to genwunners and general Kanto fans. Hell, 5th gen had a lot of pandering in that it had a lot of Pokemon designed to fill gen 1 roles. 

No, seriously, enough with Kanto. It'd be great to go back to it POST-GAME, but it can't be the main focus of a story. Hell, post-game is even too much. All the talk of Kanto in Sun/Moon is disgusting enough.
Great idea as this is, I'll be honest, I'm kinda starting to get tired of the whole "pick your starter" aspect of the games. I understand that it's a rite of passage for a new trainer but I feel that in this context, where we're following 2 seasoned characters, I would much rather see a predetermined starter(s) for us to use. Much like how in Pokémon Yellow, we had no choice but to start with Pikachu or like how in Pokémon Colosseum, we had Espeon and Umbreon as "starters". I think having a Pokémon as a companion already chosen for us or a pair that work well together would be better for this kind of idea. 
I really like this idea, kudos for the thought and creativity behind it, but I don't want to play another game where I have to pick between Charmander/Bulbasaur/Squirtle as a starter. 
i saw this random theory a couple days ago that the sequels would have you playing as Lillie and your character's kid

Cmon Game Freak, the communty is giving you all these game ideas lol
Its time to stop with generation 1
Team Rocket kidnap Lusamine in order to obtain the Nihilego DNA from her so they can start buisiness illegally cloning Nihilegos and selling them on the black market for a high price?
Stars is where it's at, baby.
it's usually 24 hours.
I may be off the mark, but I think the 3DS locks the timed events (doesn't register them even within games) for up to 24 hours after the reset.  I'm sorry if I'm off, but I think that this is it.
mimikyu is widely loved and appreciated, hes not underated.
>Mimikyu
>Underrated

I think those are 2 words that are impossible to fit together
I don't think he was underrated, also pretty sure he isn't the pikachu clone this gen.
I snagged one, swords dance+1 then shadow claw or play rough. Blew through almost everything to the point I avoided using it unless I had to 
He's going to be the face of OU in competitive.
Edit: already is
mimkyu is the best ever, not sure what you're talking about 
Angriest to see that Solrock and Lunatone aren't in.
I would have loved to see more Alolan forms in general. Maybe having gen 2 Alolan starters to mix it up.
Bellosom. Really? You base a game on Hawaii, and you leave out the hula dancer Pokemon?
I wish they would have put Houndour and Houndoom into the games. They would have been perfect for Team Skull.
No Lotad which makes me sad cause he's my favorite Pokémon and Ludicolo feels like it would fit in well to the environment 
Rotom not being available disappoints me. Makes no sense to me.
Im not sure if this counts, since it is in the game, but I'm legitimately saddened that Zygarde didn't get a full-fledged storyline revolving around it. 50% is my favorite legendary design, and I was really hoping to get some more lore for it. 
No raltz :cccccc
Emolga is in there! Who woulda thunk this one-stage Pokemon, which is not nostalgic nor particularly popular, would be included?

Gliscor not being there sucks, though. He's also one of my favs.
WHERE'S MY GALLADE?
Oh sweet, i can get a gengar. *Sees it's new abillity* "Hello darkness my old friend..." 
No Oddish family, which seems weird because, y'know, Bellossom is basically a hula dancer.

Also kind of odd that Charizard is one of the Pokemon you can ride but you can't actually get one until you can transfer.
Larvesta :(
Happy to see the Gen 2 and 5 starters as part of the island scans, but I would love to have seen Gen 3 and 4 starters added too. XY friend safari gives us access to gen 1 and 6 starters to try and either attempt shiny or hidden ability.
It was to be expected, but as of right now i dont think theres a way for me to get a wartortle, aside from maybe island scan.

Oh yeah, and no mareep line always makes me kinda sad. Guess my favorite light-up kangaroo sheep hybrid will have to wait another day.

Most of my other favorites made it in though, including some new love for raichu!
Genuinely angry that Aegislash is in. I haaaaate fighting that shit. Aegislash alone forces me to run Toxapex
Ludicolo :/

Was extremely annoyed that they made Ninetales version exclusive...
Very dissapointed that you can't get Rotom. It's my favorite pokemon and I wanted to see if Rotom-Dex had anything to say about it.
I really like Alolan Ninetails. I've never used Ninetails in my life. I'm an Arcanine kinda guy. Ninetails was just ew to me. Good design, but the colour. That gooey cream colour all over it? Blech. How does something as cutesy and awesome-looking as Vulpix turn into caramel puke?

That beautiful light-blue Alolan Ninetails though? First time I've ever had an ice-type on my team, too.

Kinda sad about nothing, really. During new gens, I typically only use Pokemon that were introduced to that gen. I wouldn't even be using Alolan Ninetails, even though it was technically introduced this gen, since Ninetails in general were introduced in gen I, but it was too good to pass up.
I'm happy to see Riolu return because Lucario's my favourite and I always have one on my team when available (even if people do find it overrated), but sad that it's apparently post game only. I want one on my team now!
I'm happy my fav two pokemon Alakazam and Gengar are both in this game. (And so are Greninja and Tflame who I also really like)
Kabuto isn't in it. That makes me the saddest.
Really dissapointed with ground type pokemons in this version as it's my favourite type. I miss excadrill in particular.

I  also miss hawlucha, was hoping so hard he would get an evolution in  this version.

Tho  I'm glad garchomp is still here, dude is simply my favourite pokemon of all times 
I didn't really want to evolve my Pikachu, because the fact that it has an actual voice instead of a weird cry is amazing. The other option was replacing him, though..
More than I could reasonably say.
I'll be completely honest.  If I didn't know that Petilil/Lilligant was available ingame I would have purchased this game much later.
Ampharos. :(
I started thinking about who I'd want on my team a while ago. None of them are available.
I was so happy Archeops got some love for once :)
Super sad about Quagsire not being in SUMO, but very happy about Growlithe/Arcanine!
I wanted Snivy...

^^^He's ^^^my ^^^favorite.
Lilligant AND mandibuzz in moon? Sign me the fuck up
I really wanted Croagunk/Toxicroak to be in the game. I've been wanting to use Croagunk as my psuedo-starter for a while now, but I haven't been able to in any recent generation. (I completely forgot that you could trade eggs and the hatched egg would have the OT of the hatcher. Otherwise, I would have traded an egg to Y or AS via my second 3DS).

Gligar/Gliscor would be pretty cool to have, too. At least I was able to eventually get Scizor, even if I did replace him with Solgaleo for the stats.
Megicham : - (
I'm upset there's no tiki Pokemon.
Gogoat was pretty lit for a Grass type...
Was sad that, Non-Raichu wasn't in the game. 

Then I remembered I can just cheat one into my game and now I'm not sad anymore.


Abra can indeed learn round. 
abra can learn a few TM's but also. abra evolves at level 16 not 21.
Damn it I thought this was a guide on how to use Bewear!
They've split the guidebooks in two since X and Y. I have bought every single guidebook and although that part is kind of annoying I'm not too upset.
As u/myriad_truths said this isn't new, and to confirm what /u/Dragon789010 stated, this has been the case with the poked being a separate book since Diamond & Pearl. 

There is post-game information in the guide from 217-228, including the post-game story, a checklist of suggested things to complete, and the location of all the Zygarde pieces.  I'm not sure what more you're looking for in the post-game guide. 

I personally think this is a really good guide, the production is good overall. 
They indeed DO include cell locations. 
I think the last time they didn't split it was Emerald. (I've sort of made it kind of a goal to get every Pokémon guidebook I can and although most post-Emerald books have some information on each Pokémon organized into a section it is very brief, like its number, name, picture, maaaaaaybe where to get it. The DP one had the incredibly useful bonus of which trainers use this Pokémon. Wonderful.)
They do include post game stuff as well as zygarde cell locations. I feel as though you bought it for one thing and didn't see that so you assume it doesn't have anything
The Strategy guide still offers a bunch of the post game stuff. I am not really sure what else they can add for post-game in the new 2017 one. It has Featival Plaza in complete detail, Battle Tree mostly, and all of the side quests  (catch pokemon for money) laied out 
It really sucks, but I understand two reasons why they did it. First being to make more money. Why sell you one book when they can sell you two? Second, the book would be too big. They feel they need to put each pokémon per page, they could really condense things down and put like two per page. But that'll never happen, honestly.
I hadn't played between gen 2 and X/Y, so I bought the X/Y book thinking it would catch me up to speed on the pokemon id missed and had the same experience as you. Disappointing, sorry that happened.
They've been doing this since DPPt. The only time I've got both was BW and that's only for collection purposes. Every other time I'll get the first one and not the second. I skipped the Special Edition guide this time because your paying the same price as the game for some extra drawings. Ended up getting  the standard edition for $18, otherwise these are pretty worthless other than for collection purposes. 
The best two parter was black and white those guide books were amazing
Gen 3 was the last time it was all in one. They've been splitting the books since Gen 4. It sucks.
Because you said "Bewear" and not "Beware" I thought you were going to say what the guide says about the pokemon bewear
There is basic information in there like all the pokemon you can encounter in the game (to fill your alolan pokedex to 100%) and where and how to catch them or evolve them.
Even Gen 1 had a Pokedex book. I remember having it. Gen 2 might have as well, because I remember having the GS Strategy Guide (my brother and I kind of destroyed it) and don't think all the Pokemon info was in there.

In which case, Gen 3 was probably the outlier by having all that extra info in the same book. I looked at the SuMo Guide thinking the RS one was way better, but coming here I remember the first two weren't great, either. I'd chock it up to most people losing interest after Gen 2, so to save money Nintendo just put the two books together.
I got the Strategy Guide and still like it. I got BW and B2W2 as well, so the split books weren't as much of a surprise. It's still useful, and it does have all the cell locations.
Does it at least have pretty maps? It's basically the only reason I even buy the guides anymore. I don't bother with the second volumes. And before it's asked, nah, I don't really care for any maps available online; I dunno, but I just like the maps Prima's been putting in their guides just so much better. Like, they're actual "in-game" maps, and not just something someone threw together using Paint. The detail is just superior in my opinion. 
And to think I was bummed that they didn't have this when I grabbed both games at a midnight launch last week.

Thanks for saving me from making a bad purchase!
2 questions: 1. What information IS in this guidebook? 2. Did it contain that gold bottle cap they promised us earlier?
They've done this since X and Y. 
Dude they did this like 9 years ago.
The location of Zygarde cells and cores is listed near the back, on page 225. There's even small screenshots to give you an idea of whee to look.

And as for move listings, it's been that way since D/P. I owned both guides at one point: one is for the main game, the other goes post game and also contains the entire Pokedex.

The guide isn't useless: so far, it has the most comprehensive maps I've seen anywhere, including dungeons: which don't have in game maps on the Rotomdex. There's also limited information on the postgame, but I suspect more will be present in the second half.
I don't know about sun and moon but previous guides have two separate guides. One for the main story and another for the pokedex
I'm not american so probably that's why, but I have this Pokdex Book for LGFR.
This happened in gen 4 and as well.
wow.. you'd think strategy guides would be trying harder this day with the internet making them a tougher and tougher thing to sell not less. That's just insulting considering how awesome and thorough i remember my crystal, ruby&sapphire, and colosseum guides being!
The last time I've bought a strategy guide was for Pokemon Diamond and Pearl, the guide was filled with everything including; pokemon, post-game guides, locations, etc. It was BRILLIANT, it had EVERYTHING. So I kinda decided to maybe buy the guide book for Sun/Moon. But..

Thanks for the information, I was just about to order one today until I read this. 
Remake them. I have difficulty returning to old games now that I'm used to the incredible 3D worlds they've given us, particularly with Alola. Plus, if I'm spending money on a game I would rather it be pretty modern. I don't have the money to spend on originals of older games.

Plus I generally feel Sinnoh could benefit from a remake that includes megas, z-moves, and regional variants. Moon has been such a blast so far, if they gave Sinnoh the same treatment and reworked the story so the game told it more smoothly, that would be incredible. 
Remakes, Sinnoh was my favorite region and I'd love to see it in full 3D. Plus do you remember how slow the original versions were? Sure Platinum kinda fixed that but even then it was probably the slowest Pokemon Generation. 

Also Moon is probably the hardest Pokemon game I've ever played. Diamond and Pearl were much easier in comparison imo. If you're young, then the new generations probably seem easier because you've gotten older and smarter.
Please remake Gen 4, the generation with 8 HM's
I want Platinum on the eShop SO MUCH, man.
Was chaining for 4IV dittos when the shiny came in @ 26, still had 3! No charm either 
I did 74 for my shiny pichu, without the shiny charm. 
My friend did 346 for his shiny cutiefly, also without a shiny charm. 
Got my Grubbin in ~80 encouters and got Wishiwashi in ~1100.

Good luck on the Grubbin, Vikavolt is one of the best shiny Pokemon in in this Gen.

EDIT: I do not have the Shiny Charm
I got my shiny cottonnee in about 2 hours. I'm not sure how many things I actually killed but Im guessing my chain was around 70 or higher.

Did not have shiny charm
Both my shiny Pichu and Happiny were around 100 encounters each. I did not have the shiny charm.
Trainers with Level 100 Pokémon would be almost no different from the various tower-style battle facilities, but without nearly as much luck hax.
Geez, they're kids games, they're _meant_ to be easy. If you want a challenge, build a party and play online.
You don't get the option to turn down trainers if you don't want to fight. Higher level trainers late game for training would be nice.
Is it truly impossible for Hidden Power fighting? Or is it possible but 2 decimal places doesn't show it?
Wait, what? If Eevee goes for extreme evoboost that means it can't have a focus sash and it doesn't get the sturdy ability. How did you not just kill it the second it went for the Z move?
taunt or a fighting move
Little more info for you to giggle at.

Team for this battle was as follows in order:

Incineroar: Life Orb 252Att, 252 SpDef

Mimikyu: (shiny mind you... tis a bitch to S.O.S chain them cause of disguise) Focus Lens 252Att, 252 Spd

Vikavolt: Focus Sash 252SpAtt, 252Def
Maybe have a mon with haze. 
Unaware clefable if this is happening a lot, but how did you not do enough damage to the Eevee before it subbed?
Well Nanu is a cop and former member of the International Police. It's much more likely that he still has an inside source, or was just able to get it from someone else.
Use repels silly.
The Dataminers say no so no
Can we get pictures?
well you shouldnt just get a new ball randomly, one of the pokemon you bred must be in a duskball
Are you sure of your breeding pairs pokeballs? Under normal circumstances you should never just get a new Pokeball when breeding 
So, your Mimikyu was in a Premier Ball, I'm guessing? And if the Gengar was just in a Pokeball, you shouldn't just randomly get Mimikyu in Dusk Balls. The bred Pokemon pass down the Ball type, as I've bred a shiny Sandygast in a Heal Ball with a Pokeball Sandygast, and the offspring have been in Heal Balls.

Hm, that *is* odd.
Put Xurkitree on GTS asking for a Rowlet or Alakazam and watch as one 16 year old from California swoops them up and wonders why the hell this is so common with Xurkitree
Eevee is in both games and they can trade/battle locally.
Not sure about what local multiplayer entails so I can't help you with that but I can tell you Eevee is in both games, the only difference between games is what game specific legendary evolution you get and a small list of game specific Pokemon, so I would personally think it would be a great idea to get both and give them each a different one then they can find the game specific Pokemon in theirs and have a solid reason to wanna trade each other, hope this helped a lil bit :)
They will be able to battle co-op at the battle tree (Wife and I do it). However, that's only available after beating the game.
I'm gonna be different and go Charmander here. Why? Charizard's pretty well known in Alola with trainers due to Pokéride, so Lillie would have probably seen one before, which may influence her choice.
Eevee.
honestly her starter should be nebby goddamit take nebby you cruel woman she wants to be with you hop on her and fly to the moon she doesn't care that you don't want to do pokemon battles 
Trick question, I'm currently tracking her down in kanto, she hasn't visited any of the Pokemon labs yet and her boat still hasn't docked at pallet town yet (I got here via my z teleport move) the moment she gets here I will put every starter in a storage unit that no one can find and put one pokeball on the table that contains nebby. Once she has taken nebby I will bring the starters back. (She DESERVES to be with nebby God dammit).

Edit: additional stuff
I don't know if any of them suit her to be honest. Idk, all the final evos don't really look like something Lillie would have. A more majestic Pokemon like Serperior or **Solgaleo** or **Lunala** I think would be better, but those obviously aren't from Kanto.
Squirtle
I'd say Squirtle.
Bulbasaur. No reason really, I just imagine her having a really laid back grass type that can kick some ass and defend her when called upon. 

Also Bulbasaur rekts the first two Kanto gyms and lillie deserves those badges god damn you
Pikachu :D
No clear reason, but Bulbasaur. I feel like both it and its final stage suit her the most. Or she could go non-standard like Red and Gary/Blue, taking like an Eevee that then evolves into an Espeon or Umbreon (or maybe Sylveon).
She'd probably pick the same type that your trainer picked honestly
Happiny, Cleffa, or another Healer Pokémon.
I feel worse catching the Tapus. There are trials and celebrations to these guardians of Alola. And then along I come, catch them, then throw them in my box. Do they know they are talking to a empty space? Do they realize their guardians are no more?
Same. Also, due to catching Solgaleo/Lunala, you technically have the ability to send them home, the game just won't let you.
I like to think they are calmed inside the ball since I like watching them show up on my poke pelago with my other pokemon
I figured if they didn't wanna be caught they woulda not stayed inside the balls.
Not sure if it's specific to Beast Balls or Ultra Beasts but whenever I bring one out, the animation looks like they come out of a mini-Ultra Wormhole.

I assume they're content inside the Beast Ball and don't mind having a trainer care for them.
After I was told Guzzlord ate some lady a couple years ago, I made sure to kick it's ass up and down the cave.
The Beast Balls are made to please them at least...
Perhaps the reason why Beast Balls are more effective at catching Ultra Beasts is because they sort of simulate the Beast dimension. This makes the Beast balls the best place to store them while they are stranded in our dimension - it's not quite like home, but it's close enough to feel comfortable.

Presumably, someone off screen is searching for a way to safely send the Beasts home - wherever home may be. I personally suspect that the dimension we see in the game is *not* actually home for the UBs. We only see Nihilego existing in the "wild" there, and there's no guarantee that Nihilego is even the same kind of creature as the other UBs.
its a game that promotes whoring out your Pokemon and replacing them with their superior offspring(and disregarding ones that weren't good).
If you start thinking about any of it, it becomes really fucked up.
It's extra bad/hilarious for Pheromosa, who doesn't like to touch anything in this world because it's unclean, but right when you catch it it's happy to work for you on your berry plantation.
Orrrr just let people breed Pokemon with the balls they want? lol
People can use it if they choose, and in fact they get a challenge from using it due to it's incredibly low catch rate on regular Pokémon.
lol I have a Kommo-o in a dive ball. I personally think it looks cool in it
Even if the ball would have been exclusive to only capturing Ultra Beasts,  People would still gen normal mons in beasts balls 
Everything must be in a beast ball!
Huh..what egg group is eyes in?
I hate that ball, it's horrible design-wise imho.
But in reality I think your more likely to come in contact with a "legendary" rather than a Feebas in Sun and Moon. Really what is a legend?
From the Global Link data that leaked prior to launch, the Guardian Deities, Ultra Beasts, and Type:Null line are all Legendaries or SubLegends.
Me and my friend used to catch 6 random pokemon and then wonder trade them and see who got the best. Then we'd battle which with them which was entertaining
Trade and scan QR codes for the Pokédex.
Battle Tree is co-op
My sister and I helped each other complete their Alola dex. 
My friend found a shiny frllish...he didn't have any pokeballs.

He killed it before we could look at it and convinced himself it wasn't shiny.  Then we told him he could check his pokedex for shinies he'd seen. We still make fun of him sometimes. Who doesn't carry pokeballs!?!?
When I played my first Pokemon game, Pokemon y, I was choosing chespin and the chespin was shiny. Though, I thought it was a graphical error, so I reset the game.
Well my first (and only) shiny encounter was a Jigglypuff. This happened a year ago and I don't know what I was thinking when I did this, but I used close combat against it and fainted it. The most painful part was my stupidity.
I had just got a DSi and was playing Platinum when I found a shiny Ariados. Nothing super exciting outside of the "Hey, cool! Shiny!" factor, but still. Well, I closed the system at some point, and then learned that some early DSi systems had an issue with freezing when going into sleep mode. Yep, game froze before I had saved.

I compulsively save about 5 times immediately after getting a shiny now.
I got a new 3DS, so it was still giving me all the "download this" and "did you know you can do this?" notifications. I found a shiny Drowzee in the Friend Safari, caught it, got happy, blah blah blah. So later I press the home button to check the time ('cause I'm too lazy to just look up at the clock) and it gives me a message about Youtube. I decide to dowload it, just 'cause, and I go back onto X. I then realized I had never saved after catching Drowzee, despite remembering I did multiple times.
In Pearl early on I used my last pokeball to catch a geodude. Walked like 3 steps and found a shiny one. Salt levels rose and I wanted to cry 
My 3DS has issues with hard movements because I have dropped it so many times, when I move it a bit too fast it turns off. I was breeding for a shiny Charmander and after 5 boxes full of Charmanders I finally got a shiny one, I dropped my 3DS on the bed to go tell my brother and when I came back I realised my 3DS had turned off...
ROAR!! He never said we couldn't use Roar stories! XD

The only shiny fail I have had was my very 1st shiny encounter. The game was Emerald, the Pokemon was Lairon. In my freak out I had forgotten that I had recently switched the moves around on my Pokemon and when I went attack him to lower his health I had accidentally used Roar. There was much sadness after that.
Just reset a shiny Popplio :(

Eh, was only on 30SR so I guess my luck was alright?
Shiny Gurdurr on Victory Road in X. Completely out of balls...
SHiny Azurill appeared in my White 2 Nuzlocke. Whittling its HP down. Purrloin critical hits with Scratch and it dies.

Also, in Moon, I found a shiny Finneon. And the worst part was I caught it.
I think you get a different person challenge you each time you beat E4. That's a nice touch. 
Yeah, it's a random challenger that shows up. Even some totally new characters. I've had Hau, Gladion, some guy named Ryuki, Kukui again, and a Youngster hahaha
The effects don't go away so unless you want to get rid of a status no
Main reason I keep doing it is to stuff more Pokebeans down their gullets, cuz it gets Rare Candies from the cafe.

That, and some of the 'mons are adorable, like Munchlax/Snorlax - Snorlax likes ear scritches, he really is a GIANT cat.
Whoa, this looks pretty cool! Loving the full-page artwork of the cities!!!
I think it maxes out at 4 perfect IVs. The other two are random, so you've got something like a 1/32 chance for 5 IV and 1/1024 for 6 IV. 
I got a 30/x/31/31/31/31 Ditto the other day. I had a little cry/laugh.             
If you want to breed legit, it's best to have ditto for the natures, and some 6IV males (enough to cover each egg group) for IVs.
Timid should work fine. Don't see any issues with that. Speed is king. 
Timid is probably the best nature since you'll outspeed base 100's and even Garchomp (not that you can hurt Garchomp, but it lets you get over him). As for the fantastic Special Attack stat: at Level 50 you will go from 179 Special Attack to 178. This is pretty negligible and won't hurt too badly in most calculations you do. I wouldn't worry about it too much for now :)
[This as a Male Salandit evolution.](http://img09.deviantart.net/22a5/i/2016/189/8/e/salandit_evolution___pokemon_sun_and_moon_by_delgalessio-da99flu.png)


Beldum is 10%, but can be found in a normal grass patch. What's troubling is his catch rate, it's the same as legendaries. To make the matters worse, it knows take down as well.
Feebas
Mareanie is tough to get also.
Castform.
Fishing for a dratini thats only 1% at poni gauntlet...
Milotic
Mimikyu took me almost an hour to get (probably because I wanted it on my team) and Mareanie came in second at 30 minutes
4 ivs ditto
Dhelmise is a bitch. 10% encounter rate in ONE fishing spot.
Yes they will, National Dex will be part of Bank. No more nat dex in the games as far as I understand.
Nope national dex is being added to Pokemon Bank highly doubt we will see the addition of the national deck in game 
Pokémon is about 2 things. Becoming the Champion and completing the Pokédex. Without Pokédex, Pokémon is like TLoZ without Link
Play them all!

I did the same thing this summer and got SoulSilver, Platinum and White. 

Loved every second!

DS Lite will also allow you to use PalPark and bring Pokemon from GBA cartridges forward to newer gens. 

I can't wait to have my LeafGreen squad with me in SuMo one day!
Not that much of a difference. Just go with your gut.
play heart gold. it's the best one imo
I definitely say platinum and heartgold/soulsilver
Platinum, HgSs, BW, BW2. All favourites of mine, definitely recommend.

If you get Black and black2 or White and white2, you'll still get both cover legends so it doesn't really matter.
If you must play 1, the 2nd gen remakes since you played the 2nd gen or Black/White 2. These 2 are the ones with most post-game. But you will miss some details in Black/White 2 like the references to certain person if you don't play before the other ones, so 2nd gen remakes would be the perfect ones for you
My Moody Glalie is called "Glambler"(For Glalie and Glambler)
I have so far:

* Torracat named El Tigre cuz..duh

* Yungoos named Potus (President of the United States)

* Rockruff named Noodle (after my pup)

* Mudbray named Akamu (which means "red earth" according to Google so idk)

* Trumbeak and Cutiefly unnamed because I like the name Toucannon and I plan on replacing Cutiefly

I'm not that great at nicknames and haven't nicknamed regular Pokemon in a *long* time but its fun :) adds a little emersion
Incineroar as Leia (My cat's name), Lycanroc as Ainhoa (My dog's name), Tsareena as Natalie, Golisopod as Mirelurk, Alolan Dugtrio as Kurt and Hydreigon as Medeus.
Slowbro: Citrine
Oricorio: Diamond
Bewear: Spodumene
Snorlax: Onyx
Mudsdale: Amber
Primarina: Topaz

I named my Mimikyu Pikachu . . .
You cant transfer pokemon into the new games until January.
Poke bank hasn't been updated to include sun or moon therefore you can't link an account on that game to Pokemon bank...
He is picking up three eggs each time guys. And the third egg picked is always shiny. 
Eggs are determined when you get them, not when they hatch.
Whether or not the egg is shiny is determined when its generated (when the daycare person has it). You're just hatching the same egg producing the same Pokemon over and over... That particular egg will always be shiny in your game.
Sound like you just got lucky with the RNG
i hate all these people who are giving out a level one of some random poké nobody wants and then ask for a fucking mewtwo like are you damaged???
Because Game Freak doesn't know how to balance requests for Pokemon and lets you say "I'll give you this level 1 Female Popplio, for your level 91+ Ditto, even though you could totally just use that Ditto to get your own level 1 Female Popplio"
because high level pokemons are better than low level pokemons 
Why does everyone want the UBs when you get them more than once when you do the missions?
Ash would enter and lose. Like always
If it does, it should feature everyone he has lost against in the tournaments should return with revamped teams built around their signature Pokemon. Like a redemption tale for Ash. 
Bc like they're made for ultra beasts and not Pokémon. It says that in the description 
Think of it this way: it makes it all the more awesome to have a hard to catch Pokémon in one.
Punch Lizard. Obviously. 
moooooooooooo
Mine was Jangbro-o
Hakamo-bro 
And Kommo-bro
Rastasaurus
I often name my Dragons after mythical dragons from different cultures.  That might be a good start.  Check this out - http://uncannyhawaii.com/mo-o-dragons-of-hawaii-vampire-drake/
Pendragon? It's a Celtic name meaning "chief dragon", and since Kommo-o watch over the Jangmo-o, that might be an interesting name.
I have two, one named Ank, and one named Kylo, both deriving from 'Ankylosaurus', which Bulbapedia hypothesised that line was based on
Instead of Puff.....how about Buff.
If you know One Piece, I named mine Rebecca for the final evolution.
DIO
I named my boy Django
Just don't
As long as they're from different languages it should work. 
yes, but if it works the same as other gens, a japanese one would still be better, but a french one would still increase your odds
Is that boogie? 
lol
Amazing! She looks perfectly menacing, like a Dragon Master should be!
In this wave on Sun and Moon content, it's great to see some gen 2 representation!
Looks awesome! I wish anime would look this good! Great job! 

(Also thanks for coming up with something from Gen2. Best gen hands down)
That's awesome. Clair is definitely one of my favorite Gym leaders of all time. 
I wish Claire had half the fandom Cynthia has, she's easily one of the best gym leaders in the series
Oh dang, new Vivivoovoo art! It's a damn good day!
Got Pancham, Pansear, and Slugma Shinies in Y, maybe a half hour sitting? Friend Safari OP. 
Just yesterday I got Shiny Bounsweet and Alolan Vulpix within the same hour period in Sun.

24 hours later and I'm still working for that Pancham...
I thought it was kinda odd that she still fought you using Pokemon rather than just, you know, attack you herself.

Although then again she did kinda try that after you beat her and it didn't work out so well for her.

Still, it would have been satisfying to kick her ass personally.
My only regret is she doesn't use Nihilego as a sixth and final 'mon.
i actually felt the story was very similar to the gamecube games, especially Pokemon XD.  both have a criminal team that ends up working for a much worse company/organization. both have you fight through a huge  Island base,  both have you fight someone who ends up getting the evil kicked out of them, etc
There's a big difference to the battle with Cyrus though. In Platinum there are really only two hard battles. One of them is Cynthia of course, but the other one is the last battle against Cyrus, your final battle before facing Giratina and escaping the distortion world. In SUMO however there are several battles that are way harder than the battle against Lusamine. I agree that you can compare the two, but Cyrus actually kicks it up a notch.
I think the best part was seeing how like, evil her Clefable had become. Just the way it (its eyes really) looked influenced by Beast Boost really just threw me off when we battled. It was certainly no shadow pokemon, but I got vibes similar to it.
Well that's an oxymoron if I have ever heard one. "Balanced Hackmons" 
I haven't played BH in forever, but this set is walled by so many things. Prankster Heart Swap users would have a field day with this, so would Imposter Blissey. Also cannot touch Sturdy Shedinja at all.

Also, there's no reason to use Eevee or Eevium Z at all in BH, as you can give you any Pokemon Extreme Evoboost without crystal. Although I've read that Evoboost was quick banned.
I use regular pokeballs exclusively. I just like the classic look and it is aesthetically pleasing to have all my mons in the same type of pokeball. 
Catching all Pokemon with a Beast Ball is significantly harder (with the exception of UBs, of course). Given that it has a catch rate one-tenth of  a regular Pokeball, you can see how it would be difficult.
Oh accursed version exclusive legends, you are the bane of my living dex dreams.
Does reddit have a special saved spot where I can keep the REALLY important things instead of it being mixed with the dumb shit I save when I'm high? This is amazing
The further you scroll down the images, the more depressing it gets... :(
Wow Gen 6 was so good for Dex
Geez, this is beautiful. Thank you 
IIRC the demo Greninja can't be bred.
It really bums me out how few of all the Pokemon you can get in the newest games. Especially when it comes to the legendaries, I adored the legendary hunting in ORAS. 

Was excited for Moon to be the first game I ever complete a national Pokedex in, but that idea was kicked in the teeth pretty hard. Will have to complete my Alpha Sapphire game again, basically complete the dex in that, then come January transfer everything to Moon with the bank. 

Which sounds extremely lame to me personally. I long for the day when we can catch everything from all generations in a single generation. .-.

This is actually a really helpful chart. Really puts all the generations into perspective. It makes me want to actually find all the Pokémon and make a living dex in the convoluted mess that is Generation III. I have to say, however, that adding the choice Pokémon as one's that aren't available is a bit confusing; I still had trouble deciphering the number of pokeballs and the number on top of the pokeballs. It feels kind of wrong also to say that even though they're a choice, they aren't available. They still are. They are obtainable. I feel like the list would be make a bit more sense if it listed what you straight up cannot obtain (without trading, of course). It's kind of a given that you'll have to trade for Pokémon that are neglected in a choice situation. You don't have to take my suggestions, just some ideas I had. Otherwise, great list and thanks for your commitment to the cause! 
On the subject of Cosplay Pikachu, it's worth noting it was never able to be dropped into the Poke Bank to begin with. An early sign that it, like Sipky-Earred Pichu, was never escaping the games it appeared in.
Fantastic job man. I saw your post about this on discord and I just want to say that I'm kind of amazed you had the patience to make this. 
Hasn't it been found that you can get non-Alola forms by breeding with the use of the Everstone? I think I saw a post about that shortly after release.
As someone who hasn't played a Pokemon game since.... well, a very long time, it's really discouraging that Sun/Moon limits the amount of Pokemon you can catch from previous generations.

I guess they are really pushing the bank feature and don't want you to be able to catch everything now?  

That sucks.  I was so excited when I read an article about the QR scan being able to catch anything, like Charmander/Bulbasaur/Squirtle (my old homies) but then I saw a post saying the island scan is predetermined and I was sad :(

So, if I really want to get any pokemon, i'm going to need to either trade or buy the previous games and bank?  Those seem like the only options for this gen?  Especially legendaries from previous games... 
Hey thanks for doing this man I'm a fan of your YouTube channel. Hope you're enjoying the new games as much as the rest of us.
Anyone have a link? the post got removed....

Who else has noticed that alot of the front page posts are getting removed lately?
Wow, that is thorough. Awesome work!
This must've taken so much work. Thank you so much for putting the time into this, the Pokémon community thanks you greatly!
So by not obtainable in Sun and Moon, does that mean they can't even be traded to it? For example like Hawlucha?
you are amazing! THANK YOU
This is incredible. Great work and thank you for sharing.
¿Noooooo, Hawlucha es no obtainablé?

Well that sucks, Hawlucha was pretty much my favourite mon from X/Y, sucks it's not in S&M
I see this being very useful.
Good job jish. Well done.
Wait wait wait... So can I actually catch a Gengar in gen7 without trading...? Maybe I'm misreading?
As someone that's interested to collect all the Pokémon (maybe except those obtainable from event only), where should I start?
Talk about a lot of research put in. I've been looking to get them all in Gen 3 to some capacity so thanks for this.
Wait what? Why do they give you items to use with those legendaries that aren't in the game? Like the mirror to change the forms of landorus or the orbs of gen 4 legendaries?
No glitches section for Gen 6 and 7? I can think of a few.
...wow, I genuinely didn't know about half the Moon exclusives (hyped for Archeops and Lilligant in particular, and I can always trade for a Braviary), this is great!
I am a partisan of the "Dongle Method" myself.
Here is the condensed list on bulbapedia:
http://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/List_of_Pok%C3%A9mon_by_availability
This is beyond helpful, thanks man!

Kind of in a similar vein, I always had the idea of creating an Excel sheet where you checked off what versions you had, and it would return what Pokemon you were missing based on exclusives. This is amazing though, all the typed out sections add some interesting analysis to what Pokemon are missing and why. Really good job overall.
I'm gonna be checking this a ton when I get my 2DS and the newer games. I've never completed the Pokedex. Ever.
Well this sucks. Not the post the selection. My favorite part about Ruby was doing all the Regi puzzles. 
Holy shit.
This is amazing. Thanks for taking the effort to do this for everyone.

Best regards, man
Awesome! Are the Kanto Mega Stones just buyable from the Battle Tree or is there a way to get them I don't know about-beating Red or something? 
Very cool! Thank you!
Beautiful.. I was going to suggest this at one point.. thank you!
In Gen 2 you can actually get all stones required, if you save certain phone numbers they can give you a stone occasionally.

Leaf Stone - Girl in the grass before the Day Care

Thunder Stone - Girl in the upper path in the area between Ecruteak City and Olivine CIty (Route 38)

Fire Stone - A guy under the Sudowoodo

Water Stone - A fisher right before Mahogony Town (Route 42) 
I wish I could give you reddit gold right now. ;w;
This is some excellent work. Great job!
One edit, I think you should consider, (unless I'm mistaken after all these years) is the availability of the Gen 2 starters in Emerald.

I believe you can only get ONE per game. In order to get that one, you need to complete the Hoenn Dex which requires trading. 

Unless I missed something the diagram makes it appear as if you can get it with just Emerald.
O i really want a spheal <3
Wow. Spiky-Eared Pichu might as well be the definition of unobtainable.
In Gen 2 you can get infinite evolution stones by doing the cloning glitch. Definitely not intended by the game but it can still be done, even in emulators.

Very nice guide. I will finish reading it during boring lectures.
technically you can get gengar from yellow without trading via glitches also I am the 152 comment ruined it
Someone give this guy all the masterballs and pokéblocks 
Thanks for the guide! 
I think Glameow holds the record for most games uncatchable in.
Pretty sure that [you can get the other version's legendary by evolving the special Cosmog in SM](#spoiler), but correct me if I'm wrong.
My memory is too poor and it's bothering me. I 100% remember weedle/kakuna being in yellow. Did I actually have them, or do I just remember them from all the youngsters & bug catchers after the rock gym?
So the original post was taken down for some reason, and I'm not 100% sure why. After messaging the mods and getting the post put back up, the most likely scenario is that the post was flagged for discussing the use of third party devices or modded games (basically ways of reactivating old events that are no longer accessible or whatever). Just to be clear on the matter, I'm not linking to any of these tools or necessarily endorsing them. They're only being mentioned because I wanted every potential Pokemon location to be mentioned in some way, even if it's obscure and no longer possible.
Them main problem I've had with pokemon growing up, and why I've always stayed away from the games, is that it's tag line is "Gotta catch 'em all", despite spending a stupid amount of effort in making sure you can't.

It was cute when Red/Blue did the whole "two versions" thing, because of the file size limitations, but It's been 20 years. You have to pay for a "pokemon bank" service, when the Chao Garden from Sonic Adventure on the Dreamcast had inter-save trading. You can't even have multiple saves, so if I want to play a game my girlfriend has, I need to buy the game twice, despite multiple-save features being a 25 year old innovation in gaming. Not to mention the fact that a good 20 or so pokemon are event-only, ensuring that unless I cheat, I will likely never get them no matter how hard I try.

If I could buy a pokemon game, and genuinely put the time and effort into capturing them all, I would be extremely happy. As it stands, Nintendo and/or Gamefreak just put up more limitations and restrictions every time they add a new generation, and my childhood dream of "catching 'em all" is only ever becoming a smaller and smaller possibility.  
Can't wait for PokeBank to open up. I want to send my Blaziken over to replace my Lucario, and replace my Incineroar with Aeigslash or something else from ORAS. 
Hey, I have Pokemon Box Ruby & Sapphire addition, it came with my copy of Pokemon collesum,  How do I sell it?
because you do 50 whole % more damage??????
Hit and run. Swap in a Choiced Pokemon and attack, then swap out to a different Pokemon when checked. Chances are you would've swapped out in that scenario with or without a Choice item, so why not deal 50% more damage during that time?
Sylveon is a good example:

* Hyper Voice- BP 90.
* x1.2 Pixelate Bonus
* x1.5 STAB
* x1.5 Choice Specs
* Equals a 243 BP move.

Most of the time, I'm going to do that because even at half damage I'm still hitting 121 BP on something that resists it.
Because sometimes it's worth guaranteeing a ohko to a mon than letting them do anything. Especially if you want to take out a very bulky tank that will cause more problems if it didn't KO in one turn  
The only part where I had some real trouble was with the post game battle with Guzma,

I never wiped out a single time
My team was:

Robin Hoot (Decidueye)

Gigawatt (Vikavolt)

Bullseye (Mudsdale)

Leviathan (Wishiwashi)

Agnimitra (Salazzle)

Koda (Kommo-o)

Hardest part of the game for me was the elite four and totem Laurantis for sure. 
•Azura (Primarina)
•Alolan Persian
•Lycanrock Midday Form
•Mudsdale
•Alolan Sandslash
•Dhelmise
Cole (Incineroar)

Sho (Vikavolt)

Benny (Lycanroc Midday)

Bisky (Lurantis)

Dumplin (Wishiwashi)

Big Zam (Kommo-o)

Hardest part was the fight with Hau after Aether Paradise where the Raichu fucked my shit up.
Primarina
Kommo-o
Komala 
Alolan Muk
Lycanroc Midday
Alolan Golem 

I had the hardest trouble on the fighting Elite Four member. 
DO I spy a JoJo refference? XD
Inciniroar
Tsarenee
Wishiwashi
Mimikyu
Dugtrio
Bewear

The hardest trainer was the golfing bird trainer.  Yikes.  I was woefully not prepared for that.  I still beat her, but had two knock outs on my team.
- Primarina
- Salazzle
- Raichu
- Crabominable 
- Toucannon 
- Palossand 

Hardest fights for me were Kahuna Hala, Totem Lurantis  (even without Castform being called), E4 Olivia, Kukui, and anything involving Hau's Raichu.
Gigalith, mimikyu, cloyster, emboar, muk, and flygon. I rock blasted my way through every trial without issue until the ground trial which wiped me 3 times. It was a breeze after that 
Vikavolt, Incineroar, Alolan Ninetales, Alolan Muk, Palossand, and Golisopod.
Hardest parts for my team were the fire trial and the second kahuna, but that was mostly a matter of types. Hardest part in general was The title defense match against that primarina.
Just finished last Friday with a team consisting of Decidueye, Typhlosion, Palossand, Kommo-o, Solgaleo, and Golisopod. I had a hell of a time against Nanu and the Ghost Trial. The E4 was a bit of a slog too since I was a little under level for them. 
When I beat it, I had Incineroar, Exeggutor, Golisopod, Minior, Mimikyu, and Bewear, all in low 50s, and the hardest part was the battle with Hapu.
Primarina, Golisopod, Palossand, Exeggutor, Alakazam, and Salazzle. Swept through all of the totems except Wishiwashi and Lurantis, but had no real trouble other than that.
My team was Primarina, Lycanroc midday, Crabominoble, Mimikyu, Alolan Exeggutor, and Kommo-o. The totem Lurantis and any fairy type Pokémon were the hardest to win against.
The team I used for the story:

Stolas (Decidueye)

Raizekusu (Vikavolt)

Brachydios (Kommo- o)

Nemissa (Salazzle)

Evangelion (Golisopod)

Wishiwashi

The hardest part of the game for me was the Elite 4, barely beat it my first try. The totem Mimikyu gave me quite a bit of trouble as well. 
Primarina (titania)
Alola Raichu (raichu)
Alola Marowak (Roku)
Toucannon Toucan sam
Lunala (Nebby) 
Kommo-o (Balboa)

Is my story team. I used a a-muk until I got Nebby and I kinda miss it. 

I kept getting rekt by the praying mantis thing though. Thing took out my 2 heavy hitters (prima and raichu) and marowak wasn't all that good yet. 

Also, I admit, on my first run through of the E4 I lost to kukui the first time because my primarina had half life and couldn't tank the z rock move 
The last Kahuna was a pain in the ass for me because my team was Incineroar, Lycanroc and Poliwrath. The only move Poliwrath knew was an special one. And his nature was against special attack. I had to transfer Ash's Greninja
Decidueye( Robin Hoot)

Toucannon( Sam)

Ribombee( QTfly)

Minior( RIPDinosaurs)

Salazzle( Fo Salazzle)

Solgaleo( Nebby)


Kukui

Fuck Magnezone and Incineroar
I'm trying to have fun, not lose all of my hair.
When I get Pokemon Sun, that's my version I'll do challenges on. I don't want to reset my Moon.

So, I will be doing a Nuzlocke at some point.
I havw never done Nuzlockes in the past, but SuMo is so fun I might actually try one this time around. 
Is it your first or second playthrough? The 4th totem was an absolute nightmare for me lol
did a no-exp share run, but not nuzlocke (i'm not that much of a masochist lol)

other than the big jump from 3rd island to 4th island, it was ok. i had to grind near the end but everything else was smooth sailing. probably cuz i had type advantages
I'm doing it without the EXP share, just a standard 6 pokemon its really fun.
You are going to have fun at the grass trial if you get there :)  Wiped me out twice.
Yeah you can relearn it, I just checked on my game now.
Yes, you can get back happy hour and hold back on the gift munchlax 

Sure.
I love how there was an npc that talked about Sudowoodo and wondered why it wasn't trying to blend in with the Alola trees.
I would've killed for an Alolan Primeape that's Fighting/Electric, because it got sick of all the Spearows, Pikipeks, Vullabys and Rufflets that hang out in the same area. Just a big ball of angry, electric monkey-pig goodness with fists. 
In future games, you might be able to get Alolan Forms via in-game trade with NPCs from Alola.

Same as how you have tourist trainers in Alola with regular forms of their pokemon.

At least that's a logically consistent way to get them in generations without access to Alola directly.
I would have loved to see some of the fake alolan forms/rumors that were floating around. Some of them looked awesome!!!

Some awesome ideas were:

* Psychic/Grass Drowzee

* Psychic/Dark or Poison Hyno

* Grass/Fairy Jynx/Smoochum 

* Fire Koffing/Weezing

* Bug/Psychic Butterfree

* Bug/Fairy Paras/Parasect

* Fighting Arba line 

* Fairy/Dark Clefable

:/

Maybe we'll get Sinnoh forms?

Coconut Voltorb 
I just want regions other than Kanto to get some love
Dude where's my Alolan Vanilluxe? It could be a sundae or something (or just a sticky puddle) 
I wish they were just called regional variants over alola forms. Alola form implies that something like alolan raichu or dugtrio couldnt exist anywhere else in the pokemon world even though the reasons for their form changes are things that arent really region specific. Like Hoenn was supposed to be tropical iirc but we havent seen or been given an excuse as to why we dont see any regional variants there. But I would have liked to see other gens get the regional variant treatment other than gen 1 since it seems very weird that only kanto mons were introduced to the area and that nintendo seems obsessed with shilling gen 1 especially this year.
Kinda disappointed that we didn't get an Alolan Snorlax that's just a normal one in sunglasses, a Hawaiian shirt, and a straw hat
Alolan Corsola pls :( There's such a focus on things preying on Corsola in this gen that I think an Alolan Corsola would have been awesome.
Absolutely! And formes for other regions would be neat. A Kalosan Farfetch'd with a baguette!

Also a fun fact: People in Alola call the original forms Kantonian forms (Hau describes your mom's Meowth as this, a Kantonian Meowth)
WHY DID NEED MORE GEN 1 PANDERING.  WHY CAN'T ALL GENS HAD A CHANCE OF GETTING AN ALOAN FORM. 
Some trainer (I forget who) sent out a Gastrodon. I'm pretty disappointed it didn't have a different color scheme or pattern.
Would've appreciated some from other reigons, especially the gen 2 starters, because ~~Typhlosion is the best Pokemon by far~~, the gen 1 starters got to enjoy the gen 6 gimmick, so why prevent gen 2 from enjoying the gen 7. Also missed a chance to have a "Alolan" Slowpoke thats French.
I honestly believe the lack of a national pokedex was intentional because they plan on releasing more alolan forms in the rumored Pokemon Stars.
Who knows? Maybe if this whole "Pokémon Stars" thing turns out to be true and we get a third title for the 7th generation in Alola they'll add more Alola forms

I also thought they struck gold with this idea and only gave surprisingly little to it. But if they did a third game on the Switch then I think more Alola forms, or regional variants, are a must
They really missed the boat on Starmie. Just makes so much sense to give starmie an alola form.

Magicarp too.
Definitly.  
Also, how about stuff like adding odish line in and making bellosom a natural evolution in alola? Or making slowking be level based and slowbro a special evolution.   
How about some alolan forms for non kanto pokemon or some new mega evolutions
I really wanted a Poison/Dragon Nidoking with a beefed up Attack stat. I would have been so happy.
Oh well. I can still dream.
I also feel like it was lacking, but I think it's partially is their marketing strategy's fault for revealing all but 1 family of Alolan pokemon. The world would feel a little bigger if they left some new variants for us to discover on our own.

Honestly I could say the same about all new pokemon in general right now.
WHERE WERE ALOLAN NIDOKING AND NIDOQUEEN
Me. Still hope the water-type Growlithe from the "leak" was only scrapped and will be available in future :(
I'm still devastated that we didn't get a hula-dancing Alolan Bellossum (or any other Non-Kanto Pokemon for that matter...)
I thought there was a serious missed opportunity in not having the fossils being alolan omanyte and kabuto.
Pokemon subspecies were my all time favorite fan-made pokemon content, so the fact that they became canon in the game with different typing and everything (and not just the gastrodon effect) made me so happy. 


But I was extremely disappointed when it turns out all the ones nintendo *showed us before the game was released* ended up being the only ones. I'm probably gonna stay salty at how many pokemon nintendo previewed before the game's release. 
I'm wondering why there isn't an Alolan Arbok. There's already a precedent with it's crest.
I'm sorry, but in what universe are Alolan Persian and Alolan Diglett/Dugtrio not underwhelming and lazy as hell!? 
Sideways Cloyster for Aloan form
Back in the announcement days, Golurk was a great choice for Alola Form

ALOLAN LUMINEON
Wouldve loved a Fire or Psychic type Snorlax who literally has a hawaiian t-shirt on
You know what'd be interesting?

If Sinnoh remakes end up happening, what if they created new Sinnohan Forms for lines from Generations 5-7?  A chance to throw a bone to lines that didn't exist yet in our first time through the region.

And since X and Y onward canonically take place in an alternate universe to the games before, they could easily handwave why they weren't around in the original Sinnoh games!
It would've been cool to do "alolan" fossils... where either they would be alolan forms of the fossils or actual living forms... so they would drop the rock type bc they weren't brought back from the dead. 

Does that make sense?... it's bc they took all the alolans from gen 1 so why not?

Also still pissed there is no new fossil Pokémon 
I really thought they were making Alolan forms for all of the Gen 1 Pokemon.
I really wanted things like Seaking and the nido line to see some alolan forms.
I feel like there should of been more water and grass Alolan forms, and at least a few of the starters.
i really wanted an alolan tyranitar, but rip hes not even in the alola dex
For what it's worth, Sinnoh remakes have to be coming down the pipe soon, and Sinnoh is unusual in that it's a very cold region. Everything else tends to be moderate or tropical. 

The safe bet is Sinnoh getting a bunch of regional variations in the DP remakes. I'm half-expecting that to be Gamefreak's way of sneaking a few more Fire-types into the game. 
I want my lifeguard Machamp, still Fighting but with Swift Swim abilities and can learn several water moves (Dive, ...).
Its not so much that I'm disappointed with the amount. Im just kinda disappointed with what we got.
It started off so promisingly with Sandslash-Ninetales-Treedragon. It genuinely seemed like a big refresh button.

Then Raticates line happened and i dig the designs, but Hustle instead of Guts? Incredibly similar movesets and learnsets? Okay..

Alolan Muk line, oh so you just kinda added dark to it? I mean fair enough, you didnt really change Muk any more than a bad fan game would though..

Alolan Dugtrio, it was funny when i first saw it, dont get me wrong, but jesus christ it barely changed either. And its so damn common that the joke wears thin in record time. 

Marowak? Badass, wish we'd gotten some story based lore to go with it, but satisfied overall.

Basically my problem is, if youre going to 're-invent' the Kanto guys, then you cant do it in half measures, just find stuff you think is cool and go with it. Raichu and the ones mentioned at the top are great examples, they feel different. Whereas half of them are palette swaps almost and have 3 or 4 moves added to their regulat movesets.
I was fairly disappointed by them. Every time I saw that the enemy trainer was about to send out a Kanto Pokemon, I got excited and wondered if it could be Alolan. I already knew of Geodude's existence, so there weren't really any surprise Alolan Forms. I think that having "Delta Species" is an *AWESOME* idea. I was SO HYPE when I first saw their trailer, but it kind of just got more disappointing as more were revealed. I was really excited to see Pokemon have entirely new creative and interesting typings. What if Skitty were a Flying Type? What if Hippowdon was Water? But they turned out to be Kanto only, and a lot of typings weren't as exciting as the first ones we saw. I loved that Vulpix totally reversed temperatures, and Sandshrew moved out of the desert to a cold mountain. Even Exeggutor's long neck from the sun was fascinating. However, I feel like after that a lot of Pokemon just had one extra type slapped on. Many ideas were good, but they were executed poorly. I like how Alolan Muk looks, but it wasn't the purified Water type many people imagined. Raticate and Rattata also had a relatively minor change, and Persian and Meowth are already fairly "Dark" Pokemon, even if they aren't that type. I think that an inbred Meowth and Persian could have been executed better. Digglet and Dugtrio also had a good idea of having Pele's Hair, but it makes no sense for Dugtrio to have three hairstyles, and just having Steel slapped on is disappointing once again.

TL;DR: I adore the idea, but being Kanto only, having a limited amount of them, and being executed poorly or having a not very exciting difference in type kind of made me less excited.
Theres always a chance we'll get Sinnoh forms in the remakes.
I just wanted water type growlithe... Missed opportunity.
What I could see happening is because of pokebank coming and an influx of new trainers for the battle tree and the new league, that eventually some trainers will stay and the Pokemon could change in a supposed sequel or something if trainers decide to stay in Alola for a while to train and breed with the local Pokemon of Alola
I feel like they probably withheld as much as they could for the third game that will probably come to exist; the "Emerald" of Gen 7.

As often is the case, they provide us with what is (and feels like) an amazing experience, then manage to somehow top that massive accomplishment about a year later.

We'll probably get copious amounts of Alolan forms, move tutors, some new locations, some improved and added features, and probably a lengthier post-game. (Which considering how solid this game's post-game is, would be an amazing feat for Game Freak, which I don't doubt they could manage.)
Honestly i hope for the next game they take gen 2 pokemon and make regional variants of them
Me. I don't understand why some Pokemon got Alolan form and some didn't (Snorlax, Sudowoodo, any of the dragon type Poke?).
I think in the 3rd version (if there's any upcoming one) of Sun/Moon they will add more Alolan forms.
I think they're a lot more interesting than 90% of megas. Maybe we'll get sinnoh forms or something if DP gets remade.
I would have rather more new pokemon then the alolan forms all together. 
WHERE THE FUCK IS MY CRYSTAL ONIX
Alolan forms were nothing more than a lazy attempt to pander to genwunners.
I'd like more regional variants of different gens and such. 
I do, and I wish it wasn't just Kanto.

tbh I wish there were more new Pokemon rather than GF making new forms for old Pokemon
They might be keeping a few alolan forms for Pokemon Stars or a next game
Would love Hoenn Sandygast/Pallosand!
Would've liked either more alolan forms or less revealed in the preview. Hopefully the expand on the regional variatios idea in future games.
Totally agree. I feel underwhelmed by about half of them as well. 

GEN 2 IS MY FAVORITE GAMEFREAK WHERES THE LOVE FFS
Meh. Not if there was gonna be more Gen 1.

Also I hope next game they reduce the amount of older Pokemon you can obtain in the beginning.im at the like the 8th trial but don't have full party of new Pokemon without crazy over lapping types.
I just wished the coolest looking one wouldn't be at the end of the game...
Who wishes there were more good Alolan Forms? 

"cough cough Dugtrio cough"
I really wish they made Alolan kanto starters.
I'm sure we'll get more in the third game/sequels/whatever GF has in mind.
I think we got the perfect amount. Any more and it wouldn't started to be a gen 1 circle jerk.
I think there's too many forms.. I would've preferred more new Pokemon. 
A few more Alolan forms would have been nice. I think the most disappointing part were how many were revealed in the trailers. A Bug/Psychic Butterfree and a Fire Cubone would have been nice. Not sure how many other Gen 1 Pokemon should get alternate forms, but I hope we see more regional variants, and mega evolutions, in future games instead of them just being a one time thing with each new generation adding a new gimmick like them.
I wish every gen 1 available had an Alola form, but that might be a bit too much..
Where is the love for dragonite? No mega-evolution, no exclusive z-move, no alolan form
I LOVE Alolan forms, and even form alterations of any kind, and i'd be thrilled for anything more resembling it, it's such an awesome idea i've wished Pokemon would have for forever, and the implementation was well done for the few we had, but of course, a few more would have been appreciated.

I guess quality over quantity, especially when you have so many pokemon ;p
More and from more regions please.

I absolutely hate the idea that every new region we'll get regional variants from just one region and none from other regions (Kanto for Alola, Johto for the next one, and so forth). I want a mix of all of them!
I wish they thought of this sooner. It makes so much sense 
I wish they didn't limit the Alolan forms to only gen 1. I feel like Corsola would have been great for one considering how often they are found, maybe some defenses from Mareanie. 
They should have given Goldeen/Seaking one so it's not a joke anymore.
Geodude finally has hair, but it still doesn't rock.
Basically everybody. If there is something that bothers me more about the quantity is how they limited it to just gen 1. Give gen 2 some love!
Now I wanna see more crossregion mons, not just Alolan of kanto. How about a Kantonian fourth gen pokemon?
Since the only ones revealed before the game came out were Kanto pokemon, I thought that the entire region might be getting them. 
Who wishes that the Alohan forms weren't sometimes worse than the regular forms?
They have been really well received, so I imagine if there is a third version it will contain new Alolan versions.
Me. I really wish they had updates that added more Pokemon.
There were SO many missed opportunities to give Alolan forms to Pokemon here. I would have given these forms to Butterfree, Primeape, Arcanine, Machamp, Hypno, Lapras, and Dragonite as well. 
I swore up and down there was going to be an Alolan Garvevoir that's grass type and looks like a hula dancer with a grass skirt and flower crown.

Never happened.
I am! I really wish they'd done more. Half the Alolan forms look stupid or lazily designed.

I was really pulling for Water-type Arcanine, too. I really wish that had been here.
I was expecting Fairy/Flying Pegasus Rapidash.
DRAGONITE. That is all.
I was hoping for an Alolan Tropius. :(
I just don't get how the zubat line, one of the most iconic in the game, didn't get Alolan forms despite being very prevalent in sun and moon. I guess you could argue that they didn't want to give Alolan forms to non-Gen 1 pokemon (Crobat), but that's pretty lame.
The fact that there were only Alolan versions of Gen 1s was a touch disappointing. I would have liked to have seen some other Gen's Alolan forms.
I was so excited for Alolan Arcanine and Alolan Jynx... Sigh. 
I feel like this generation weirdly enough has quite weak water types, like pure water types not something like Golisopod, i would of loved an Alolan water type of an old pokemon, like maybe the entire magmar family, or ekans as a water snek.
Limiting them to gen 1 is understandable from a marketing perspective, but Kanto and Johto are in the same geographical area and gen 2 also had a lot of nostalgia. There should have at least been Alolan gen 2 Pokémon as well. Sudowoodo, Donphan, Crobat, Quagsire, Sunflora, and Corsola come to mind as good candidates for some Hawaiian flair.
What would be even better is to have alolan versions of the old starters hidden in the wild, like imagen a water charmander... A fire squirtle... A rock bulbasaur? If they add this in the next game my life will be complete
I'm disappointed there was no Alolan Ditto, personally.
I feel like it was something they were trying and didn't know how well it'd be received. 
I just want Alola Machamp to happen.
Honestly new alolan forms for pokemon like farfetch'd or ledian would have been a great chance to buff them a bit so they can see some more use. 

Another thing I would have loved is if they threw in some alolan forms that were just small aesthetic changes to some pokemon like gastrodon or basculin in a third colour or updated the look of some older mons a little bit. 
[deleted]
I actually hate alolan pokémon idea. I would prefer new pokémon for those great typings and design ideas like elegant fur, igloo, fire dancer, oil spill, mafia rodents, definitely-not-purugly etc. instead of using them on already existing pokémon. I like raichu and exeggutor tough, because they look gimmicky and I think they should have been branch evolution.
I would have loved to see Alolan gen 2-4 mons. Also I imagine they are saving a bunch of pokemon to do Gen VIII forms. This sort of idea is probably here to stay.
Kinda wish the Snorlax they gave away was an Alolan form with a sumo mawashi loincloth,
I hoped for a couple of johto forms too since they aren't too far apart
I feel the opposite honestly. I didn't mind the idea at all, but they could have added more completely new Pokemon instead (or do both...). It felt like there were extremely few new Pokemon. Does anyone have a number?
I wants regional versions for everyone
I do. especially since the ones that weren't officially revealed prior to release/were revealed relatively late all were really underwhelming(all the early ones+alolan muk are wonderful new takes on old mons but then.. you just add hair to dugtio, just give persian a badly drawn face on a oversized head, and.. add eyebrows+facial hair to the geodude line when an electric typing offered a lot more potential design-wise..? Seriously?) in both concept, typing changes and ammount IMO.

To me it feels like a great idea that they just kind of ran out of steam on as development went on.
There's so much they could've done for Alolan forms! Like, a Ghost/Fighting Primeape that pursues its target even after death, a Water Growlithe and Arcanine that adapted for fishing, an Electric/Flying Fearow that adapted to using its beak as a lightning rod, a Fighting/Flying Dodrio that adapted its side heads to double as lances, a Poison/Fire Koffing and Weezing that adapted to volcanic environments, a Water/Psychic Psyduck/Golduck with much better developed psychic powers, a Water/Steel Goldeen/Seaking with an advanced horn, a Water/Electric Tentacool/Tentacruel that uses electric shocks rather than poison, a Grass/Fairy Vileplume that absorbed the power of the moon, a Psychic/Fighting Mr. Mime that learned to used its barriers as boxing gloves, a Grass/Psychic Jynx based on hula dancers...
I wanted Alolan Ludicolo.
You could play pokemon Insurgence for the delta pokemon. they're a bit different but a similar idea and pretty well done.
I would like to see Alolan forms of some other generations, though I understand why they're only Kanto. I would like to see other regional variations.
I had an idea that if we got a water electric pikachu, in the anime it would make Ash's kantonian pikachu even more rare. This could also make a cool episode with Pika Vs Alolan Pika.
I am disappointed with Alolan Pikachu. It feels like they were afraid to mess with its image.
I think its likely this was a test of things to come.
Videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r5f40yx?feature=playlist)

VIDEO|COMMENT
-|-
[Monster Hunter - Rajang Roar](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-RVAvNQpLWM)|[6](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5f40yx/_/dahuyi8?context=10#dahuyi8) - **Bitcrushed screaming noises**()
[Monster Hunter - Diablos Roar](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZc62IAucCc)|[3](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5f40yx/_/dai2nn0?context=10#dai2nn0) - **obligatory**
[ALOLA FORMS TRAILER REACTION / POKEMON SUN AND MOON TRAILER](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZtf75rOwKc&t=40s)|[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5f40yx/_/daint5j?context=10#daint5j) - It sucks but they had to the masses on Alolan forms, and the best way to dothat is to re-design old Pokemon. I read an interview way back in 2013 whereSugimori was talking about re-designing old Pokemon "just to see what thereaction would be." They n...
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch. I'll keep this updated as long as I can.
***
[Play All](http://subtletv.com/_r5f40yx?feature=playlist&ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | Get me on [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf) / [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mentioned-videos-for-reddit)
Still waiting for hawaiian shirt snorlax :/
i wished there were at least some from other generations too
I was kinda hoping for a Water Growlithe/Arcanine. Could've made it black like a newfoundland.
I didn't mind the number, it's more the fact that they only hid like one Alolan line before release.
One thing that will always just baffle me, is why there is no Alolan Arcanine. Him and Ninetails always seemed like a set to me. The were both 4 legged, pure fire types, from the same region, and evolved via fire stone. One seems more tough and one seems more majestic. He's a fan favorite (totally my favorite) and he didn't get a mega. 

I mean come on, sandshrew doesn't even evolve via stone but I guess they had to justify the ice stone for more than just one pokemon. BUT COME ON, just make it growlithe and arcanine!! Gamefreak please
alolan abra would have been nice, make it psychic and dark. that would be awesome
I wish they at least actually bothered to change the stats of the Alolan Pokémon.  Alolan Marowak makes me facepalm. Learns Ice Beam, Thunderbolt, Flamethrower, Focus Blast, Earth Power, Dark Pulse, Shadow Ball. Has a Special Attack of base 50. Game Freak... WHY?!
I really wanted a normal/dragon Alolan Kecleon based on Jackson's chameleon.
I'm more upset that they gave rattata & raticate aloha forms 
Wow. I made the exact post yesterday and got downvoted. FFS.
I hope they patch in new regional variants later down the line, much like splatoon added new maps and weapons
Where did you get this info? I'm pretty sure something as big as Wisp bypassing protect would be widely known by now.
No i can't. It can go through King Shield and Spiky Shield but it was like this last gen aswell
Where are you hearing this? And are you aware that not all protect-like moves block status (King's Shield, for example)?
thanks for the false info. and yes, it can go through kings shield and spiky shield, but not protect.
Fact check then get back to me.
I got a z-move off on a cloyster who used protect. It connected and one hit KO. Anyone know more about this?
Even if you have in the most hacked mon nothing bad will happen.   But if it does not look legit you aren't allowed to use it online.   
how do you plan to transfer them in? A hacked 3ds with SVDT and a computer with PKHex gets the job done for me.
Right now, there's a glitch with PKHex that can makes saves unplayable after you save in a Pokemon Center.

If you want to use it, don't save in Pokemon centers or never turn the game off.
I believe they are becoming stricter with cheating software. There was first the PkHex glitch. Then some people banned for trading "fake" Pokemkn. 
Yes you can Hyper train a pokemon multiple times
Zygarde 100% can not exist outside of battle without cheating
That's how it's ability works. You can hack to keep it in 100% form, but I wouldn't recommend it. 
No.
When I get all 100 I can switch between 10 and 50% right?
It's a headlight, which is kinda interesting. I was hoping maybe they switched between day and night but it doesn't look that way. 
Nope. Megas are relegated to postgame content and need to be bought at the Battle Tree (or Battle Avenue, can't remember) for BP.

PS: the name you're looking for is Salamence. ;)

Edit: Why would you wanna farm the mon in ORAS? Bank is out until january and items can't be traded via bank. You can get the bagon line on Melemele island, though.
You can get mega evolutions and use them, but only after the main storyline is complete. Go back to Poni island and head towards the ruins (before Poni Vast Canyon), and you'll be challenged by a trainer [the same ones that you encounter when entering that research lab regarding Zygarde](/spoiler) who uses a mega-evolved Pokemon against you. Upon winning, you'll be given the same mega evolution stone and the apparatus to use it and others.

From there, you can buy additional mega evolution stones via battle points at the Battle Tree on Poni Island.
Sorry, Mega Stones are unlocked after you beat the game.
My favorite moment was arriving to Malie City (boy do I love me some good oriental locations) and the Exeggutor Island scenes, a close second/third would be everything from Vast Poni Canyon, from the cutscenes to the challenge and the legendary plot, and... the ending... :(
Hau isn't really our rival more like a friend.  Gladion is more of a rival , he even changes his Silvally to the type effective over our starter 
They are events. Codes come from store events or preorder bonuses. For example Genesect was a GameStop exclusive this month, so he came in with a code.

Getting one via the internet happens with regular events. The next one for ORAS is Meloetta next month.
I don't wanna be rude but this is is something that takes like 30 seconds to make in paint.net
Just hold your cursor near the top of the screen and it should pan up
I honestly don't know how Game Freak didn't think of Champion Title Defense earlier, it's a great idea and it could help change your team makeup to be more diverse to accommodate for the random challenger.
This is news to me!  omg, now I need to beat the elite four again.
Go after the other 3 Tapu. Then we can talk.
>Tapu Koko

Nothing boosted about the damn Tapu catch rate.  Each of these jerkoffs took 15-20 Ultra or Dusks for me to finally snag.
I don't miss it. In fact, I dislike the fact that this game did away with the O-Powers. It takes too much time to catch some of them and then to restart again when you find out they have terrible stats.
Wow RNG is such a fun game mechanic.
The Box legendaries are forced captures , why would they bother giving them a low capture rate when you can't progress without capturing them.   Serebii says Tapu Koko has a capture rate of 3 , same like Mewtwo and most not forced legendaries.  The rest of the Tapus are 3 too.   UBs are just really easy to capture because they don't have a capture rate of 3 and the Beast balls are op with a 5.5 times capture rate on UBs.
I caught an ultra beast 1 ball but a damn wishiwashi is harder to obtain in game opposed to ultra beasts which they give u to many of :/ trading shouldn't be this way were we get 3 legend copies of the same I really disliked that feature takes so much exclusivity away... I member d/p Arceus now that was a bitch to obtain compared to easy ass tapus x ultra beasts
Don't know what you're talking about I spent at least an hour per tapu and most of my afternoon catching Necrozma
Use a different ball? I use only pokeballs or premierballs so I'm used to everything being a bit harder to catch, but I like the way they look so I keep doing it... I Haven't finished the looker postgame mission because I'm farming beast balls I know worse catch rate than a pokeball, but that a nice looking ball! 
Every Tapu was a pain in the ass to catch except Tapu Bulu. I captured it with a Quick Ball in the first turn
in my opinion catching legendaries with low rates is one of the worst parts of the game. there's no strategy or struggle involved, just a simple sequence of steps: thunder wave->sword dance->false swipe->throw balls until RNG decides to give it. this happens specially if you are using a strong pokemon to tank the legendary while you throw balls (like for example shedinja) there's no "while it plows through my team"

the worst part: the mechanic has NOT changed. its still the same, they just bump the catch rate for story because they know its boring. 
6th and 7th gen have both had many callbacks to 1st gen.
Ofc we know already 
Leppas are the way to go, first yield got me like 150 or so, makes chaining super easy.
Have you considered farming Leppa Berries?

I have over 100 sitting around from Poke Pelago
You can just soft reset for shiny hunting. The chain doesn't effect the odds for shiny hunting.
The first turn against totem Kommo-o was hilarious for me:

Totem Kommo-o appeared! It's aura flared to life! Its stats rose!

Go! Kommo-o!

"Totem Kommo-o used Clanging Scales!"

(Kommo-o's Soundproof blocks the attack)

"Kommo-o used Clanging Scales!"

(Totem Kommo-o's Soundproof blocks the attack)

We went into a very awkward stalmate for a bit.
They could also call scizor, the difficulty in this game was really just tied to the exp share. I had it on just to help fill out my dex though, but it did make leveling way easier.
Just to put this out there before-hand, I love Sun & Moon and think they are the best Pokemon games to date.  However, the final island and path up the elite 4 seem rushed and uninspiring:  trial captain Mina has no trial though thematically it could have been interesting, and the final two areas are a desert cave and snow mountain, which are probably the most aesthetically boring places of the four islands. In addition, we never meet the golfer Kahuna until the Elite 4, and she seems tacked on, though I think her design is really well. 

I suspect they ran out of time and/or budget towards the end, and they made the choice to reduce the scope for the final island/victory road.  That included removing Mina's trial, having a bare-bones dragon trial, and removing the Kahuna battle.  I also suspect that Hapu was to be just a trial captain, but changed when they redid the island.
Yeah, I had my Primarina nuke it with a fairy z move and that was that :P
Fairy types basically render dragons useless so yeah, I'd guess Primarina had something to do with it. :P I actually sent my Kommo-o against the Totem and learned it was Soundproof the hard way. :( But my Mudsdale carried the team to victory with Stamina and the wonder of Earthquake spam, lol. My team would have been annihilated without my heavyweight champion, probably.
Well there's a really tough ass battle following it so I don't think they wanted to frustrate you too much.
I sent my Ribombee up front and Absofuckinglutely annihilated both it Hakamo-o and a Scisor it called in after with Dazzling Gleam. Easiest trial ever.
I killed the totem Kommo-o with 1 draining kiss from Ribombee. Then I killed the ally in 1 hit after.
I had a Gengar with Dazzling Gleam. It went down turn 1. Dazzling Gleam also hits all opposing Pokémon if for whatever reason you don't OHKO on turn 1. I think making the final Totem Pokémon one that has a x4 weakness was a mistake in general. I had the same experience with the Salazzle Totem. Had a Mudbray and OHKOed it with High Horsepower. Alakazam also learns Dazzling Gleam. There are plenty of other Pokémon you could've used with it, but Gengar and Alakazam are available so early and they're so powerful. TM 99 (Dazzling Gleam) is in the Vast Poni Canyon before the battle.
I'm amazed that they bother to generate a code for a quick ball. I agree there should be something better for pre-order if they are gonna send a quick ball might as well send nothing. I also don't think it was amazons idea so I don't know if you should blame them
>Is salty about something free...
PHR33 ST00F PL0X
Anabel also knows who she is, where she comes from, and even remembers being the leader of the Battle Tower. It's easily apparent that Faller status doesn't completely wipe the person's personal memory. 
what
Are you talking about OR/AS? Because OR/AS took place before X/Y, and he knew who he was in X/Y. Temporary amnesia is a thing.
Why do we, Lusamine, Lillie and Guzma remember anything? IIRC Faller status *can* rid you of memories, but it doesn't *have* to.
Not every case of amnesia is permanent
Haha, I'm still trying to remember that when I see a name like geodude that it has a chance of being rock/electric and that sending out a water type is a bad idea.

I'm liking the new versions just need to get used to the same Pokémon having different types. Gen 1 is engrained in me since I've been playing yellow now attempting at a living dex for the games.
I can't think of something that wouldn't be retread except like nuclear type 
I would've loved to see a space/cosmic/celestial type instead of the fairy type. It would essentially have served the same purpose (nerf dragons, buff poison types etc.). Here's how I'd design it:  
  
Strong against:  
- Dragon (dinosaurs are often thought to have gone extinct because of an asteroid impact).  
- Fairy (needs a nerf).  
- Water (also needs a nerf, maybe justifiable because water loses form in space and... I don't know) or electric, I think electric types need more than one weakness. Or then it could resist electric.  
  
Resisted by:  
- Steel and maybe poison (basically like they resist fairy).  
- Bug (needs a buff, it's often said that cockroaches would survive an apocalypse.)  
- Maybe ice could use a defensive buff so that? It's super cold in space so... yeah. I dunno. That could also translate so that they both resist each other.  
  
Resists:  
- Dark (like fairy, this would nerf dark types offensively. Because of dark matter and... okay I have no idea. Could even be an immunity actually, or like with ice, a two-way resistance.)  
- Dragon.  
- Maybe flying? I mean, flying types can only fly so high and so on.  
  
Weak to:  
- Poison (extraterrestrial beings would not have the same immunities that terrestrial ones do).  
- Steel?  
- Maybe even ghost to balance it out?  
  
The type would be added to the likes of the Clefable line, the Starmie line, the Beheeym line, Solrock/Lunatone (+Minior?), Deoxys. Thematically it would also fit the Sun & Moon legendaries (replacing psychic) as well as the Lunar Duo, and maybe even the Porygon line (because of cyber*space*)? Similarly, moves like Cosmic Power, Morning Sun/Moonlight, Gravity and Lunar Dance would be changed to this type.
Funny story: Bought the 2.B.A. Master Pokémon CD not too long ago, one of the songs (can't remember which) lists all the types from Gen1.

Anyway in the same they miss out Poison type and instead call it Flame, always have a chuckle whenever I hear it.
I would add a frog type.  Make it resist water, grass, ground, steel and fighting.  Make weak to ice, flying and psychic. It's attacks would be super effective against bug, water and flying and resisted by ice and psychic. Slap the type on existing amphibious Pokémon.
The Pokemon in universe writing. The Pokemon world has its own alphabet so they don't have to translate it when localizing the anime/games. Example: https://media.pocketmonsters.net/imageboard/64/13238995520065.png/t/300.png
The last line kinda looks like the word "sun".
[deleted]
There's no image.
I assume you lost because he put up too many secrets?
I have finished the game but I don't know what you're talking about. Which mysterious challenger?
I was playing a Nuzlocke and had leveled up my Pokemon to 70+ when I beat the elite 4, with only one death.  When I faced her, I had to use every trick in the book to win.  I won, but I had 3 dead Pokemon, and the remaining ones were in the red.  She did more damage to me than the entire Elite 4.
I lost to her like 5 times before I finally beat her! I didn't take any time to level any pokemon up between challenges, I just changed the order of my team each go and finally got her. But even then, we still both got down to our last pokemon and she almost beat me! 

Her freaking Mismagius was what stomped me every time... Then I met her Weavel 

Edit: spelling   
I feel like primarina is a combination of azumarill in terms of typing and milotic in terms of stats
Primarina the GOAT
Yes, but I kind of regret going with calm instead of modest. That extra Sp.Att would probably have been nice.
When the starters first came out, I was Team Poplio. I didn't get the love for Litten (I don't like cats), and I certainly did not understand the hate for the little thing. It's cute, goofy and likable. The second stage was alright for my liking, but once I saw Primarina, I felt so validated. So pretty, so strong, so good.
I took Popplio despite initially disliking him because of my friend who loved him but is currently in a bad situation where he can't play the game or talk to us at all. I missed him so I got popplio, absolutely no regrets. I love him so much.
i'm still surprised at how many people on playthroughs are going with decidueye after seeing primarina's stats and moves 

(also, thinking what to do in terms of stats with mine better to put all ev's in sp att and hp or maybe sp att and sp defense or even sp att and distribute the rest between sp defense and defense to make her more bulky?)
No, because incineroar got a way better signature move and is way better for competitive 
