**Latest news:**

Tickets will go on sale in the U.S. on Monday, November 28 at 12:01am EST.

[Rogue One Disney Holiday Celebration Exclusive Look](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3rhXOFLfWg)
Got tickets for my first 10 showings, can't wait.
I managed to wrangle some tickets for 7:00 pm on Thursday the 15th before fandango implemented the waiting room. The total was $120 for four tickets. I was sweating so bad that I didn't stop to consider how outrageously overpriced it was. Just kept nodding my head 'yes' while slamming my limp fingers on my keyboard. 

Turns out the tickets cost $30 a pop because they are tickets for 4DX. Fandango was crashing, so I wasn't being picky about what theater I bought tickets for, as long as it would let me through to the purchasing screen. 

Luckily, I didn't realize this $120 transaction went through because it appeared to crash. So I went on to buy four more tickets for a regular 3D showing at the same theatre. 

Now I have 8 tickets—four for 4DX with reserved seating (and pretty great seats) and four for a general admission 3D showing. Obviously, I want to return four of them and make some people's day when they discover them available on Fandango. But I'm torn on which tickets to return.

Has anyone seen a 4DX movie? It sounds really gimmicky and annoying. Might be fun for a second viewing, but won't it detract from the experience of seeing the new Star Wars? Then again, the seats are great and we wouldn't have to arrive two hours early to get in line. 

If you've seen a 4DX movie, did it enhance the experience or detract from it? I like 3D just fine, but rarely feel that it enhances the experience. I'm just neutral about it. If 4DX is the same, I'm down. But I can't imagine feeling neutral about being sprayed with water, hit with gusts of wind and poked in the back by a temperamental seat massager while trying to watch a movie I've been looking forward to for more than a year. 

Thoughts?
Was just thinking tonight, this could be an opportunity for us to see R2 and 3PO along with Captain Antilles, have there been any rumors about that? 
Does Rogue One have anything to do with X-Wing Rogue Squadron? Will they make an appearance?
Anyone else think Vader will have a tad bit more than just a cameo. I'm thinking a scene where he just dominates someone/something. Maybe a fight scene with a rebel "badass" ?
It's worth searching out for Imax 2D 70mm for this in the theater.
MEGA hype for this movie. So glad I was able to pick up my tickets yesterday for my local cinema. This is going to be my girlfriends 2nd Star Wars film, so I'm trying to force her to see the originally trilogy beforehand.
Hello. Will someone that hasn't seen any previous SW films understand this movie? I'm wondering if a SW marathon is necessary before december 16 for my friend that hasn't seen any of the films or if I can take her to this movie and then rewatch the other 7. Thank you!
This will be my GF's first starwars movie (looking to have her watch some before though) so instead if IMAX I got us front row at a Cinebisteo. Going to get a steak,  Brussel sprouts and plenty of Whiskey. I'll go see it IMAX too probably.  
I'm so stoked for this movie. It looks great,  and if it is the hit we all want it to be,  R1 will essentially launch the Star Wars Extended Universe to screen.  There are TONS of stories to tell outside of the Skywalker trilogies. 
3D or Non 3D? 
When do people think the review embargo will lift?
I'm sure I'm not the first to mention this but while the world with the AT-AT's looks like Lehon it also reminds me of the Bikini Atoll islands where America first tested the atom bomb

Not sure if the former is intentional but I'm certain the latter is
Hello! I am a little hyped.
I honestly think that I'm going to like Rogue One more than Force Awakens... But I'm not nearly as excited for Rogue One as I was for Force Awakens. I think last year I was just excited for Star Wars to come back. It was a total mystery where they were going to take it. It felt like they had all this awesome freedom that they could do so much cool new stuff with....then they didn't really do much new stuff at all. Kylo Ren was a cool new character. I like Finn's character too because it's a fresh concept to have a stormtrooper with a conscience that defects. On the whole though it was really *really* safe and imo didn't take advantage of what they could have done. I'm a big fan that didn't need to have my faith in Star Wars restored though. Anyway, coming off Force Awakens I just can't get super excited about Rogue One. We know what it's about, we know how it is ultimately going to end. We'll probably get attached to some characters and wonder what will happen to them as we're watching it, but again we know what will ultimately happen. I do think it will be a more fun movie then Force Awakens though because it's going to be a fresh perspective and different type of story. I keep going back and forth. I'm excited on paper, but don't feel it in my gut. 
fandango came in clutch for cinemark theatres. cinemark's site was in fumes when i tried for IMAX tickets. but damn i fucking love fandango!! i got the best seats in the IMAX theater!!  
Yall see Tarkin in the new TV spot? I nearly went into cardiac arrest.
What a fucking nightmare. It should not take an hour to get tickets. All the assigned seats shows were gone before I could even get in. Fuck buying tickets to things in NYC. 
If you're wanting tickets at an AMC Theatre, don't bother with Fandango right now.  For whatever reason the full show-times aren't coming up on Fandango's website for AMC theatres (at least not that I've seen).  I had to get tickets directly through [AMC's website](https://www.amctheatres.com/).
FREAKING GOT THE BEST SEATS IN TORONTO LET'S GOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Had to use the Fandango app. Every website I tried to go to on my computer wouldn't load. Fandango app was smooth.
Fandango is down, Fandango app is down, AMC Website is down, movietickets.com isn't working for the theater I want.

WTF world?
Got my tickets, first showing of the night :)
Got my tickets!!!
I GOT EM! WOOOOO HOOOOO!
hmmm not sure why king of prussia imax doesnt have reserved seats as usual; got two though.
Got perfect tickets 7:00 pm middle middle. So pumped
Have my tickets!! 
The Fandango app is working best for me, got a ticket already done, but the site refuses to load on the computer.
So tickets aren't available in Canada yet?... :P
FANDANGO ISN'T LOADING!
HERE WE GO LADS

EDIT: SIX TICKETS FOR THURSDAY 7PM AT A FULL SIZED IMAX LETS GOOOOOO
My local Imax just pulled all the showtimes down from their website a few minutes ago. Odd.
Anyone else nervously refreshing multiple theaters ticketing sites?
Trying for the seven o'clock at my local theater here in NJ. Let's hope it works.
http://i.imgur.com/I5b9kXT.gif
Currently sitting at the theatre here in Canada waiting to get tickets! I LOVE that this is becoming a yearly ritual :D  

EDIT: Got them! Center row tickets on Thursday, the 15th!
Just purchased two tix on the Showcase Cinema app for thurs 7pm in Farmingdale!  Thought it might have been a fluke but got a recipe in my email just now. Get on that! This is not a drill!!!
Less than an hour! Lock S-foils in attack position!
Just want to be sure that tickets in Canada (cineplex) will go on sale at midnight as well
The theater that I want to go to doesn't have them on sale yet. Advice ? 
Just getting my tickets now. Went to the midnight screening for TFA, but will probably just go Friday evening for Rogue One.    
  
While I'm looking forward to it, the excitement I felt for TFA was another level. I couldn't think of anything in the months leading up to it. I spent countless hours on this subreddit and re-watched all the movies for the first time in years. I watched every trailer and every analysis on the trailers.   
   
For Rogue One I've already stopped watching the trailers though. I feel like I know plenty and I'd like to be able to enjoy it rather then know what will happen. 
Just got my tickets to a midnight screening. First time in my life I have actually been on time to get good seats. So excited! Now the long wait begins
It's probably in here somewhere but what time do tickets go on sale? I thought I saw something that said they go on sale on the west coast much later tonight?
[deleted]
Wrong logo. It is the rebel logo
Random/unlikely thought - anybody else think it would be awesome if Krennic had the darksaber from TCW as his personal weapon, in addition to (or instead of) a personal sidearm? 

I know the darksaber is likely in Palpatine's possession at that point in the Star Wars timeline, but with Krennic as head of Advanced Weapons Research it wouldn't be much of a stretch to see him having it as part of his study with kyber crystals and other such related systems. There would be a lot of interesting voodoo to be found in ancient Jedi/Sith relics like that, from a scientific research perspective.

Would absolutely love to see him on the verge of defeat, only to whip out something awesome and specialized like that as a final line of defense...
I know directions in space are relative, but does seeing the Death Star upside down in the most recent TV spots, and Nissan commercials irk anyone else?
Might be an unpopular opinion but I hope we see a small tie in to the OT.  I think it would be cool to have a shot of one of the infiltrators in a cell and maybe see Han and Luke walk by.
New trailer that no one seems to be aware of.  
[Rogue One: A Star Wars Story "Trust"] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWNvdoRnNv8)
I'm not there on opening night here in the U.K. I'm actually seeing it about the same time that the midnight showings in the US are on.
Every time I see a new trailer or teaser for this I get so excited I literally have tears of joy. Does that make me a star wars nerd?
My brother got me and my family tickets to go see Rouge one
I'm so excited to see Krennic on screen. I'm not finished with Catalyst yet but its painting him as such a calculated manipulative hatable villain.
Are people pissed off about the exclusion of the title crawl? I think I missed the post here when it was announced, but the podcast I listen to were absolutely furious about it, they said it was a massive mistake and anyone who said otherwise was plain wrong. Am I the only one really excited that they're doing something unique with the opening?
I am greatly looking forward to this film, finally the chance to see the SW universe outside of the Skywalker saga (sort of... i guess), on screen that is.

I have a few theories.

I feel our protagonist will turn to the Darkside, i feel everything about this film is Rogue, including her allegiances to both sides.  

I dont want a cliffhanger, i want the gritty conclusion at the end, Luke's success is the happy ending.
does anyone else thinks this looks like a cliche movie that happens to have star wars in it?  the style of these trailers makes it look like a typical movie with a very standardized formula and it worries me.
You know, I just realized something.

They intercepted a *coded* Imperial transmission, but had no problem finding out what it said. A movie about Rebel cryptographers breaking the Imperial Enigma code, maybe?
If Vader kills Krennic and/or kills most of the rebels I will be extremely disappointed. Krennic is the main villain and so should be treated like the main villain. It seems like Disney is just trying to appease the fans who are more interested in nostalgia rather than actual storytelling.
"Sir, the possibility of Rogue One successfully beating TFA at the box office is approximately 3720 to 1."
"Never tell me the odds."
Not feeling the excitement that I felt for Force Awakens, but Im looking forward to it.  I don't know why I'm not as invested, might be because I feel like they couldn't pull any real twists or surprises when we pretty much know the ending, but Im sure it'll be fun to watch.
Waiting for tickets is giving me so much anxiety. I just want to confirm that I'll get a chance to watch it opening night already.
Will there be Catalyst book discussion?
All I want is a Rebels reference, like Ghost flying by. 
Looks like I have to go media silence for couple days to avoid any spoilers. Release date is 14.12 and my military service ends 15.12. At least it's gonna be sick week. Mandatory military service ends and new Star Wars movie, perfect.
Why can't we buy tickets yet??? I'M JUST TOO EXCITED.

Disney pls
I still just want the plans to be stolen with 45 minutes left in the movie, and a Darth Vader killing spree for the last 45....make it devastating as it should be
Ordered my tickets for the 15th. Our local Cinema has a 7th screen with  waiter service and sofas instead of seats. I've booked 2 sofas for myself my wife and our two daughters. Massive excitement in the philliejoe household.
This is my version of the last shot of the movie. N.B. In this version, the Star Wars intro fanfare is not used in full force in the movie. 

&nbsp;

After the plans are on board the Tantive IV, it makes the jump to hyperspace with the Devastator jumping right after it.

Screen irises to black and then the Star Wars theme blares as the credit rolls (ties it to the beginning of ANH)

According to rumors, the movie will end right before ANH starts. Will we get to see the Tantive IV crew (and probably Leia too)?
Hoping the tickets are released tomorrow evening! After the ABC special.
Just a reminder in case it hasn't been brought up yet, there's supposed to be some kind of "exclusive look" on ABC tonight! I'm curious what exactly we'll get, especially with the recent deluge of teasers/TV spots, but hopefully it'll be something cool

https://twitter.com/ABCNetwork/status/794223734261301248?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw
I think/want all of them to die by the end.  I feel like having any of them still be around at the end would diminish what they did.
The change in delivery of the "I rebel" line sounds fantastic. It's only a small issue I had amongst all my excitement, but I'm glad it sounds less cheesy.
I think Saw is toast...  That looked and sounded like a parting call.  "save the rebellion, save the dream".  And then he turns and blasts the crap out of some empire while the rest of the team escapes.
The beginning scene will probably be at Zerpen Industries. By the way Krennic is suspicious as hell
HYPE
ggigimmmmmeeeeei itttt nowowwwwwwwwwwwwww
Just checked now on the fandango app and it said tickets will go on sale at 12:01 AM Eastern time on Monday the 28th.
Tickets still aren't on sale here in Canada... :(
i dont think i have any theories. i just know there are certain things im looking forward to seeing after reading catalyst.

1. How did Krennick catch up to the Ersos
2. What role does Tarkin play at finally bringing down Krennick
3. How big is the crystal in the death star.

My biggest question now is still what my biggest question was after the first teaser, who the hell is in the giant bacta tank? There's not as much mystery around this film as there was in TFA, not as much riding on the creative decisions made or major developments either, we're essentially just along for the ride.
Tickets go on sale Monday the 28th
Watched 30 minutes here on Mexico. The visuals are amazing, the action is well directed and the chemical between the characters looks very nice. Can't wait to see more.

[Spoilers](/s "They kind that introduced us to all the characters, but I have no idea if the scenes were edited or not. K2SO is the comic relief, but a badass one (like a mixture between Groot and C3PO). There's a flashback, I think it's the first time that it happened on Star Wars. There's a LOT of locations in the movie. Like 6 or 7 in the scenes showed.")
13:30 on the 15th, 2D IMAX, woo and hoo spring to mind.  
Super hyped!

Question for all though. Keep thinking I might make it a thread of its own, but I suppose this is as good a place as any to ask.  
Is anyone else, even a little bit, concerned about continuity between this and the original story?  
I find as the days go by I'm becoming... almost hesitant. As excited as I am, I feel like perhaps the expectations I'm heaping onto this film are too big. *Star Wars/A New Hope* is my single favourite movie, or story, or even just piece of fiction, of all time, I've seen it well over 100 times. I love and adore it. But I'm becoming so worried over the tiniest potential that *Rogue One* doesn't sync up... and I don't even think I mean the whole film, maybe just the opening crawl.  

>It is a period of civil war. Rebel spaceships, striking from a hidden base, have won their first victory against the evil Galactic Empire.

>During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal secret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon, the DEATH STAR, an armored space station with enough power to destroy an entire planet.

>Pursued by the Empire's sinister agents, Princess Leia races home aboard her starship, custodian of the stolen plans that can save her people and restore freedom to the galaxy....

And *that's all* it has to sync up to. Less, in fact, as the third paragraph applies to *IV* and not *RO*.  
I recognise that that potential is very small, but it still bothers me. I already have an issue (slight though it may be) with *Rebels* entire concept(?), existence(?), creating an inconsistency with that crawl of (I'm sure it's all a lot of semantics, buy I feel like any victory for the good guys, especially one achieved through Starfighters, directly contradicts).  
But *Rogue One* is of such broader scope, is so much bigger...

Anyone else getting that sense of, I'm not sure the best way to put it, trepidation?
Ok I'm happy to see Rogue One but I'm not buying a goddamn Nissan WTF Disney
I have my tickets booked to see it in IMAX 3D, 12:01am on the 15th of December! Something quite interesting happened when I bought my tickets - I stayed up till midnight to get them, selected my seats but before I had time to pay, the seats were sold to someone else. I picked different seats out and they were sold before I got a chance to pay as well.

I bought my tickets for TFA as soon as they became available, but it was hours and hours until the good seats started to sell out. RO seems to be selling out faster, which I never expected.

Besides all that, I'm so excited to see another Star Wars movie in the cinema!
any news if the 70mm IMAX experience is coming to the US?
Hey, that's my Star Wars Celebration video! :D Someone else is hosting it on Vimeo though...
What are the odds that this movie beats The Force Awakens at the box office?  I actually think they are pretty high at this point.
Soundtrack preview from EW today. Whether that's just an article about the score (likely) or an actual snippet (less likely) is yet to be seen.
Bought tickets for the 16th with a few friends to watch it in a special screen our cinema has, twice as big and with vip seats. Hype!
how are we feeling about the reshoots? do we think the film is less dark that originally imagined? is that a good thing? thoughts? 
Has anyone talked about how obi wan could possibly be in the movie? He wouldn't be as old as Alec yet so ewan could still play him.
I really dug that it didn't really have anything to do with force-users.  The 3/4 mark was slow for me, but the building sense of anxiety as the Ersos came to realize they were being manipulated by Krennic was fantastic.

As a father and husband, I had more to grip personally with the book.  I'll probably get hate for this, but I felt it had more substance than Lost Stars.  It could be my current station in life, but it resonated more with me.
Loved it. Krennic is such a great, cunning character. He reminds me of Petyr Baelish from Game of Thrones. Perpetually charming, duplicitous, and selfish. I'm very excited to see the confrontation between Galen/Lyra and him.

Other notes:

- glad Mas Amedda is getting a lot of attention in the new canon. He deserves it, he's a great character.

- I liked Tarkin dealing with the Corporate Sector. It was a strange tangent, but illustrated the growth and conquests of the Empire well.

- Also cool how they found ways to sneak Poggle, Gubacher, Nuvo Vindi, and such in. I really love how connected the universe feels.
Has is a great character. I loved his interactions and dialogue in the situations where he knew he was screwed. I hope he makes an appearance either in Rebels or the comics. 
im super excited to see what the relationship between grown up Jyn and Saw Gerrera is going to look like in rogue one, when i watched the trailer i never thought they were already close. saw seemed to me like the obi wan style hermit they to to for advice, but now im hoping he is a much larger piece of the plot
This might be the best Star Wars book from 2016, which is weird, because it didn't really match what a lot of the new canon books have been like. 

There was very little action in it. Apart from the Droid Invasion during the clone wars, and Tarkin's incursion into the autonomous systems, there were no real battles. It mostly came down to talking, thinking, and manipulation of people, which I am fine with. I almost got a Breaking Bad vibe from it (Genius scientist, works with crystals, gets put in a position that doesn't respect his intellect, his science eventually starts doing harm to his family, willfully ignorant of the implications of his actions). 

I think it helped to have Luceno on board, who knows how to write in the star wars universe, especially since he knows how to write Tarkin more than anyone else. The book did an excellent job setting up the personalities of Rogue One, and I'm interested to see what the effect reading it will have on watching the movie for the first time. Will I be bored, because I don't need many scenes of character introduction, or will i be able to make leaps and connections other audience members wont? Between Rebels, the Ashoka novel, and this book, there has been a huge focus on kyber crystals recently. I wonder if this is all setting up some big reveal for the movie

This book felt very polished, directed, and didn't really drift into unnecessary stories. Galen Erso's character relied a bit to heavily on the trope of absentminded genius. I enjoyed getting a view of what academia is like in the Star Wars universe. 

9/10, solid book. 
The rivalry between Krennic and Tarkin was fascinating. I love seeing the behind the scenes politics that don't show up in the movie.
I can't wait to see Krennic and Erso on screen and what their relationship is like and if it transfers from the book at all. 
I really enjoyed it. Tons of juicy details about the timeline of the Death Star project! Great background stuff!

It's only real flaw was that there wasn't much of a climax and only a slight sense of danger established. I never really felt like the main characters were in much danger. The third act tied everything up a little too quickly, and the set up for the space battle at the end felt rushed or almost like a distraction. However, the amount of information and background about the motivations for the characters of Orson Krenic and Galen Erso was fantastic. I also like how it established Tarkin's motives and set up Krenic for his eventual failure and downfall. I am re-reading Tarkin, and it has some nice tie-ins to that book as well.

Of the New cannon books I rate it third behind Lost Stars, and Bloodline as one of my favorites.
I liked the rivalry they showed between Krennic and Tarkin. Tarkin will obviously win, but Krennic definitely has a few tricks up his sleeve. I still think he will die in Rogue One (possibly at Vader's hand), and I am wondering how much Tarkin will have to do with it.
I'm about halfway through but I wanted to say that the writing style is just amazing. I love Luceno's style because he writes his *own* stories with the SW universe as a backdrop. With some other books, I feel like the authors try to make a SW story in the SW universe and it ends up feeling forced. I don't know how true that may be but to me Luceno's books flow so much better. This might be my favorite nucanon novel so far (replacing Lost Stars and Bloodline). I tend to like these political/dialogue-heavy books more than others. 
The ending was a bit rushed, but all the characters were brilliant and well done.  

* Especially Krennic was well done, he's a perfect example of an evil schemer stereotype and yet he was enjoyable and mostly believable, and it's not like a stereotypical villain is out of place within the Empire.  
With the way that the book ended I'm pretty much certain that he will die in Rogue One, and it will be glorious.  

* I really enjoyed the setting of the story, for a Star Wars novel it was very mundane and didn't have a lot of action, but I really liked being able to see the Star Wars universe from a different perspective.  
Especially the Erso's perspective on the conflict with the Separatists was great, and I really liked Lyra Erso's perspective on the Jedi and the force.  

* The insight into the Geonosian society was also great, I love the idea of how the Geonosians need a big project in order to keep the peace between them. It makes perfect sense for them as a species, exploiting it in order to built the Death Star makes it even better.  
It was also the point where I felt like Krennic established himself as a significant force to be reckoned with.  

* Speaking of Krennic, it was nice to see Tarkin actually face a challenging opponent, I wonder if Tarkin will appear at all in Rogue One and if they will continue their conflict in the movie.  

* Galen Erso was also a great character, he was a bit naive but I really liked how uncompromising and absolute he was when it came to his core values, and how quickly he turned against Krennic after realizing that he'd been manipulated into building a weapon.  

* The extra lore about the kyber crystals was great too, that's the second novel in a row that's focused partly on the kyber krystals, I wonder if there will be some sort of big payoff for all that information some time in the future.  
Now that they have a properly coordinated new canon it certainly seems plausible that they're planning to do something big with kyber crystals, and giving us little snippets of information to prepare us before it happens.  

* Even though the ending was rushed I actually quite enjoyed Has's battle against Tarkin towards the end of the novel, it was some good character progression for Has and it'a type of battle that they hadn't really explored before as far as I know.  
We've heard about such prolonged sieges before, but until now we've mostly seen very brief and successful sieges in the Star Wars universe, never really the kind of stalemate that formed between Tarkin and the Salient system.  

* Saw Gerrera was also pretty cool, we didn't see much of him, but it was enough to get me hyped for his role in the upcoming movie!  

I rambled a bit longer than I intended, but I hope that the formatting makes it somewhat bearable ;p  
Overall it was simply a great book, it's definitely in my top 5 for the new canon.  
It's somewhat dry (although not as much as Plagueis), so it won't be in everyone's wheelhouse, but I love all of the recent emphasis in the new canon about the scope of the Empire's operations and the resources it has to drain from thousands (if not millions) of worlds... whether they're inhabited or not.

I'm a huge Tarkin fan, so any extra material involving him is a plus in my book. The rivalry with Krennic will hopefully pay off nicely when Vader (inevitably) kills Krennic at the end of Rogue One. (Not a spoiler, just a guess.)

I really liked the relationship between Saw Gerrera and Has Obitt. There was also a great line from Saw about how you fight for your goals/dreams so that someday another person will achieve them, whether you're there to see it or not (total paraphrase, but that's the basic idea). It made me sad because it read like a line from a person who won't make it through the events of Rogue One, but very inspiring nonetheless.

I also liked seeing a bit more from Mas Amedda. We've barely gotten anything from him until Aftermath: Life Debt, so it was nice to see him at the height of his diploma.

Agreed with the other redditor who said that there wasn't much of a climax, which is inevitable when we know that all of the Ersos will escape. 

I'd highly recommend it for any mega-SW fan prior to seeing the movie. A more casual fan probably wouldn't get much out of it.
I struggled with this one and had to force myself to finish the last 25%. It never really fully grabbed my attention.  

I did find myself really interested in Lyra and how she feels about the Jedi and the Force, but those moments in the novel were fleeting. *Edit* I also enjoyed Saw's appearance. But overall, not enough action and characters I could really fall in love with. There's new characters from other canon novels that I'm nuts for, and this novel just lacked that for me.
Can someone please help me understand the situation between Krennic, Obit and Tarkin in the end?

Krennic thinks Obit escaped from Tarkin and continues to work for him.

Tarkin actually strikes a deal with Obit to spy on Krennic. So, obviously Tarkin doesn't go after Obit as if he was an escapee.

Krennic thinks he is an escapee, but Tarkin isn't coming after him....

...shouldn't this indicate to Krennic immediately that Obit did NOT escape as he was told?


I listened to the audiobook so it's difficult to go back and go over.


Only about 80% through currently.  Not my favorite, but it's certainly interesting.  A nice look at the power struggle between Krennic and Tarkin and some history of the Death Star.  Plus more good information about kyber crystals.

Not a lot of action.  Lost of new characters and planets to remember.
So the plans for the Death Star came to the hands of The Republic "during the Second Battle of Geonosis" this is a major retconning becaouse i remember that the Death Star was under construction by The Separatist, and the Death Star construction falled into the hands of the recently formed Empire when Vader killed the remaining members of The Separatist Council, cool book tho, the wookiepedia needs to make a major actualization of the information of the Death Star now LMAO.
In [three years](https://ih1.redbubble.net/image.169420080.0728/flat,1000x1000,075,f.u1.jpg).
Man, the reveal and look of Luke could not have been more perfect. I didn't even give a shit that he didn't show up until the last seconds of the movie. It was fucking perfect. 
Strange that he no longer uses the fake skin cover for his robotic hand
Just like an older wine - it gets a little metallic near the end.
My dad actually mentioned that this weekend. He said he aged much better than the rest of the cast and actually looks better now (in his opinion) than he did as a youngin.
Some people age like a fine wine. I on the other hand age like a fine mayonnaise.
He is...
The most interesting man in the galaxy.
Craziest thing is that Mark is older than Alec Guiness was in A New Hope.
Is he going to make Rae carry him on his back?
I agree. Also back then it must've been expensive to keep giving Luke's hand a damaged look, so they just threw on a glove instead lol
Whilst technology hasn't advanced a great deal for several millenia in the Star Wars universe, at least hair products have. 
I'm so excited for Rogue One, but I can't help but feel like it's just gonna give me blue balls for Episode VIII.
Guys got an awesome head of hair.
My childhood crush and he remains so as I become an adult. 
He turned into Edward James Olmos.
He looked really great in that reveal. Now I only hope he looks (and sounds) as good when moving, acting, and hopefully fighting !
He was looking like shit a few years back before he got into shape for the role.
needs a 2010 pic to show the truth. Mark did a ton of work and completely toned up for the role after being comfortably doughy while doing voices for the last 20+ years.
If you discount 30 odd years of mismatched employment . . . 
Crazy how hand technology post-empire has gotten worse. Maybe it's because the treacherous rebellion has destroyed the galactic economy and reversed decades of progress, not the least destroyed two peacekeeping installations. r/empiredidnothingwrong
You know it was like almost 40 years ago right?
unlike lea and han who looked like shit.
His hair looks better than it did in RotJ.
Mmmmmmmmmyyyeeesssss Luke TAKE IT OFF (the hood, that is.)!! 
Snake?
I actually just got "True Jedi" on Luke's Island last night.  Thank you Lego Star Wars: The Force Awakens!
Hamill looks great these days. 
Why do you guys think he doesn't keep the skin on the robot hand? I think it's one of a couple if possible reasons.  A) less skin upkeep and easier to get to robot parts for repairs.  B) wants to be constantly reminded of the shit that went down 30 years ago.  C) doesn't want to forget not to do stupid things out you will lose another hand
We're off to see the wizard, the wonderful wizard of OLD
Every time I see this scene I can't help but notice how he looks like he has a small hand. 
Welp, time to add aged Luke Skywalker to the list of fantasy characters I wouldn't mind being stranded on a desert island with.

Or as my husband calls it: The list of people he has to now eliminate.
Um, yes.
Is this post sarcastic?  If so I hope you know that's wrong and sexist!

Oh wait...That's Luke and not Leia? Ok it's fine then.
Cork versus screw cap
> Same people taking off their hoodies decades apart

FTFY
Just a quick question, how has the technology of his robotic hand got worse? Now it's completely metal when before it appeared to look like skin. Sorry, I love Star Wars, this just bugged me
I can't be the only one who thinks he looks like Oliver Reed..
Every time I see a shot of "old" Luke, I cannot help but wonder how he does anything at all with that hand. As someone who is right-handed, an appendage that's going to get caught in my hair would be the absolute worst thing. I run my hands through my hair a lot - that hand would tear out half my hair before I got it all the way through the length! 

Not to mention it's metal, which is cold. 

And how does he grip anything with metal fingers? Are there grippy pads on the fingertips?

I cannot help but wonder these things.
My fine wine also loses a hand.
Feel like he did it with a bit more flourish in Force Awakens.
That's obviously not the same person.
Luke is the enemy
Mark Hamill turns into Anthony Hopkins. 
A long time ago
The Actual metal prosthetic looks way better imho
He still tickles my fancies. 
Looks like alan watts
Anyone else excited to see him in a lightsaber bout again?
[Working with the Master...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFevH5vP32s)
I'm not gay but... 
Well I might be gay... 
I'm gay for Mark Hamill.
Take my strong hand
I just wanna see Luke fuck some shit up and kick some ass.
His hood got much bigger though. 
He aged like milk.
His hand didn't  

Edit: why is this being so downvoted.
The Luke reveal at the end of TFA was one of my least favorite Star Wars moments. TFA is littered with them.
And pressures his son's girlfriend into getting an abortion!
Leia aged like bread *ducks*
Episode VII sucks. 
ages like a fine wine left in a warm-humid boiler room
Why couldnt they have given him something more to do than just be standing on a cliff? 

I love that he is on an island. Being around water must be such a luxury to Luke after growing up on Tatooine. Why not show him fishing? Gardening? Going back to his farmboy roots? But no. Just stand on the cliff, Mark. Thats as much effort we are willing to put in.
Whats wrong with that old mans hand?
Ehh, more like a 'Member-berry...
I mean, there are always force sensitive children/people out there. Order 66 left survivors as well as a plethora of people the Jedi didn't pick up because well, the Jedi are gone.

I mean, sure, there could be survivors of Luke's academy. Seems like a thing that could happen.

Between your two options I wouldn't mind either.   
I really hope Luke is not literally the last one. The Jedi need to come back at some point, and that point was supposed to be after ROTJ hence the title.   
   
It just seems so weird to me that Luke ended up being the last when the Jedi were supposed to return. It's a strange decision.
I'm still holding out hope that the Knights of Ren are all former students.
We don't know how many students/assistants he had to begin with, but I could imagine that, only a handful would have survived by mere chance, IF ANY... and they just GTFO from there and never looked back. I sure hope there are few survivors. 


I think it depends entirely on the size of Luke's Order. If it was really in its earliest stages, then Kylo Ren absolutely had the capabilities to eradicate it.

If it was larger and somewhat established, then one man simply cannot do it alone. Even with the entire GAR under Order 66 there were some Jedi survivors.

I'm not sure where Lucasfilm would insert the remaining Jedi without devaluing the plot of Episode VII, however.
I'm holding out hope that some of Luke's students survived and that the real reason he disappeared is so that he could keep their survival a secret and finish their training.
I am guessing that Luke is THE last Jedi, which is dumb, but they seem to just be rehashing the original trilogy's themes.  
I think it's possible. Unlike the destruction of the old Jedi Order, the Republic's army probably didn't turn on them as well.
Hmmm,  there HAS to be force sensitive people around that may have not even joined Luke's Jedi Academy, so if number 1 is the case, he can get more.  And, if Rey was a child in the academy (or a child about to join, who knows), well, she is force sensitive and can be trained.  There's what...10 years between her and Kylo Ren?  
I think it's a big assumption to contend that any of Luke's students were killed at all. Han says the new generation was destroyed, but destroyed could mean many things.

Like maybe they became the Knights of Ren?
I still believe in the theory that Luke left Rey on Jakku but I also believe that Luke also sent the other survivors away to different planets
These repaints always remind me just how shitty most mass-market toys look these days. Well done! 
So the original model doesn't even come with the wing markings?

Jesus Christ, how fucking budget is that?

Nice work on the repaint, though. If you haven't already, I'd recommend checking out the Ban Dai model kit. The kits themselves are very simple and a lot of fun to put together (no glue) and they're absolutely gorgeous. They really come alive with a decent paint job, though, and you've shown here you'd definitely be capable of it. 
Great job! It's a shame that X-wing can't turn into an X, though.
Great kid, but don't get cocky
https://youtu.be/uEmV1L-6ZYE
That looks awesome! 

I repainted the [same toy a while ago](https://imgur.com/gallery/LQ7ck) but I really like yours better! 
That looks amazing. My one critique would be that the canopy still looks a little weird. 
Looks awesome. Like a before and after first battle
One of the guns fell off 
Hehehe
That looks great!!! Nicely done!
well if it looked like that i would have bought one!
Good stuff
Damn, amazing work! 
Great weathering!
Did you break one of the wings off?
Holy shit, that's fucking awesome, yo! 
Woah this is amazing! 
Wow, the new Star Wars toys suck ass... They looked like the repaint in terms of quality when I was a kid. I grew up with the figures post-Special Edition... So I may have been spoiled but whenever I go into the store and see the new toys I'm appalled that anybody would let them leave the factory. They're so poorly made and the paint apps are crappy. 
I'd say ya fuckin nailed it.
Awesome, but finish the window.
It's not paint. It's degobah swamp dipping technique. 
I don't know anything about painting models but it seems like a gloss paint would be better for the windshield.  Looks great otherwise.
So how would someone go about doing something like this? Did you use an airbrush?
I believe you meant to say: Before and after a series of successful rebel missions.
Nice job. Were the dirt marks done randomly or based on a picture of the actual original?
I got a second only saw the top image, and, in my infinite wisdom, thought you restored an old toy. I was like, "Yea, looks true to how the original would look" Then I scrolled down and was awestruck by what I saw. This is amazing work! 
Hard to believe those are the same model, the before looks so damn cheap. Very nice job.
Most impressive!
Damn, it looks like mostly a wash paint but it looks superb! Well done.

VERY nice. Worth every second put into it.
man that looks so good! hang it from a ceiling somewhere in the house
Glad the second picture is the "after". For a second I was like "why the hell is it so white???"
Looks awesome!
It looks awesome
You can't just take a picture of your actual x wing and pretend you painted it. 
I think you could teach those hacks a few things. 
Everything looks good except the front-windshield - falls flat compared to the rest.  Reminds me a bit of an old chalkboard.  Could use some highlights or something.  
did you fix the wing?
Good job
Looks pretty fuckin good to me
Nicely done!
nice weathering man, GJ
Looks about a million times better
It looks great
Love everything but the windows.
Jesus Christ, that's incredible. I remember being really young and seeing an X-wing toy in a catalog. They made it look so cool and detailed...and when I went to the store to get it, it looked like shit. It was similar to the "before" picture you have here, but worse. 
But what you did is absolutely incredible. Please post more if you end up continuing this hobby. 
Pretty dank 6/4
just in time to fuck up those AT-ATs!!!
Fuckin beautiful 
How do you learn to do this
Imgur seems to be having problems, so I can't view the image. But I will say that you got me to do a search for the Revell/Monogram X-Wing Fighter plastic model kits and holy shit! Those are expensive, around $80. As a kid I had those and I know that I didn't pay the equivalent of $80 for the Star Wars models that I bought.
I dont have tje skill to do that so amazing!
Really like the heavy exacts you placed on the 4 engines! Quick 2 questions, what kind of paint did you use (Enamel, Acrylic, etc) and how did you apply it (airbrush, paint brush, etc)?
IIRC, these were used in the distance of some shots to imply the set was larger than it was, via forced perspective.

Can't remember if they're kids of people on set; I know that a lot of the Jawas in Star Wars were children of production people (I think Gary Kurtz's kids, maybe?)
I want to see more of that mini [A280C](https://s19.postimg.org/weqgv0ctf/esb_rebel_blaster2.jpg).

This is just like what they did in *Alien*, [using children](https://s19.postimg.org/hppzdl1b7/49023_1_1.jpg) (including Ridley Scott's sons, Jake and Luke, and the son of Derek Vanlint, the cinematographer) with scaled down [costumes](https://s19.postimg.org/at0eesueb/95_lambert_site.jpg) and [props](https://s19.postimg.org/3urov46w3/nostromo_holsters_guns_1.jpg) (the smaller laser pistol is based on [the Webley "Junior" air pistol](https://s19.postimg.org/81cjag6hv/airgunwebleyjunior_1.jpg); here's close-ups of a couple: [1](https://s19.postimg.org/6rjb9523l/Alien_NOSTROMO_kids_gun_3.jpg) and [2](https://s19.postimg.org/5lapwlof5/img1.jpg)) [to make the Derelict set seem bigger](https://s19.postimg.org/4e1di4noh/behind41.jpg) (I think those are the children, based on the height of the guys in [this picture](https://s19.postimg.org/r06ouv1ep/behind42.jpg)). The children actually nearly collapsed due to the heat of the suits, and eventually oxygen systems were added to assist the actors in breathing.
They recruited them young back then!
colorizebot
They did a similar thing in the last scene of Casablanca.  The plane was a cardboard cut out and the engineers and pilots were midgets.
That's amazing!
The littlest rebels
Luckiest kids alive. 
Well in real life rebellions often use child soldiers . . . this makes me sad =(
Most planets that existed in Legends are still where they were. As for Onderon and the new ones, there are a few maps out currently.

[One for TFA](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/starwars/images/0/04/Canon_galaxy_map.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20160104135200)

[One for Rogue One](https://milnersblog.files.wordpress.com/2016/11/entertainment-weekly-the-ultimate-guide-to-rogue-one-a-star-wars-story-7.jpg)

[And one more, just because...](http://www.geek.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/9781368003063prev1.jpg)

They're all the same canon galaxy, but with different focuses and angles.
http://www.swgalaxymap.com
This first map has the prominent planets from movies and TCW but doesn't cover all planets in canon

http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/starwars/images/0/04/Canon_galaxy_map.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20160104135200


Personally I suggest this map because even though it has legends planets mixed in, it will have all the canon planets as well. Plus it won't hurt to know where some legends planets are.

http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/starwars/images/1/10/MainGalaxy.png/revision/latest?cb=20130325041255
There's a book coming out soon that's called "Star Wars Galactic Maps", that book will probably have what you're looking for ; )  
Please don't say "Disney Star Wars Galaxy" ever again

Call it "canon Star Wars galaxy" instead, Disney doesn't even really impact story decisions
I think they want to wait until after Rogue One has been out awhile before drawing people's attention toward VIII.  We might not see a trailer or hear a title until April.
As I'm sure many of the people on this subreddit have noticed, the titles mirror each other across the PT and the OT. I've heard Lucas say that the stories "rhyme," this is the same concept.

The middle films both show a response to the first film, with the Empire attacking Hoth after reeling from their loss of the Death Star and the beginning of the Clone Wars after years of planning by Palpatine much of which occurs during TPM.

So, if this title has to rhyme with AOTC and ESB, it has to have one of the groups (Resistance or New Order) acting in some way against the other. 

I would love to see something like "The Flight of the Resistance" or "Hunt of the Order"
Hand of the Master
The First Order Strikes Back
I don't care what anyone says, i'm still pulling for Shadow of the Empire
Although unlikely, I'd like to see **Wrath of the Order**
Starkiller Base 2: Electric Boogaloo
Episode VIII: 'member Episode VII?
It's not gonna happen but **Siege from the Shadows**.
Star Wars: Episode VIII- Han Solo Returns. 
Snoke and Mirrors
STAR WARS EPISODE VIII: SEIGE OF THE KNIGHTS
A New New Hope
Well if TSF is actually the initials of the title (from Rian Johnson's instagram), then maybe "The Siege of the Fallen" or "The Shattered Faith" or "The Silent Fear"
The Way Of The Jedi
The Fallen Order
A New Hope ReNEWed
Fall of the Resistance 
Edit: someone else already said it.
Personally, I hope they don't go for a "__ of the __" title. Even though they've actually only used it 3 times, it still feels over used.

I think a good one-word title could go over well. "Retaliation" or something like that... idk...
I dont think we will get the tittle before next April so i hope someone remembers to look back when it's revealed and see if someone here got it right.
Rogue Two
Star Wars: tons of Mandalore galore! 
The Order Rises!  

It keeps the theme of waking up, and it applies to both the First Order and the Jedi Order!!  

An Ancient Fear was phenomenal title they should have used.
The Force Awakens 2
It will probably have something to do with a war, I'd argue, something similar to Attack of the Clones, seeing as the New Republic have to engage the First Order now.
I think it will be in keeping with the second movie of both trilogies. "Attack" and "strikes back!" It'll contain some action/exclamation point word.
If it follows the story that I think would be most interesting: "Siege of the Unknown" would work.  I'm hoping that Leia unites what's left of the Republic and they decide to go after the First Order in the Unknown Regions.  But little do they know... IT'S A TRAP!
The Shadow Falls


/u/robotical712
The Second Coming. Referencing the Return of the Jedi, and now the second returning of the Jedi. 
Star Wars: The Endless Duel

Star Wars: Loyalties in Strife 

Star Wars: Of Visions and Revelations 

Star Wars: The Force Abides

Edit: down votes? What the hell? I was being serious except for the last one which was supposed to give you a chuckle. Really, what the hell? The first title harkens back to the song "Duel of Fates". Endless because the light and the dark will always be in conflict even when in balance. Maybe the next movie deals with that because for sure we'll get Kylo Ren's back story. 

The second title hints at the characters possibly changing sides in the next movie. 

The third is easy and I don't like it too much but for sure the next movie will deal with Rey's visions and what they reveal.

The forth is just a joke, jeez
Star Wars Episode 8: Rise of the First Order
Mysteries of the Ren
Hope Returns
Star Wars Episode VIII: Back in the Habit. 
Teachings of the First Jedi
I think Ep7 did it well with the "clone army" reference. 
I'd add little things. A thug or some other type of bad guy with a clone helmet that's beat to shit, some Clone Wars era weapons being used, and maybe some crashed ships
References to Prequel planets, like coruscant or Naboo
Finn, impressed by Poe's prowess behind the controls of an X-Wing, exclaims "That's so wizard!"
Some battle droid parts lying around somewhere on Jakku

Edit: Thought the title said VII. Could still work if Jakku is in VIII.
Ewan McGregor as Force Ghost Obi-Wan. 
Pit droids working on ships
Snoke is revealed to be an elderly Jar Jar Binks 
It would be a musical reference, for sure.

JW did some of his best work in the Prequels, and I'd love to hear appropriate nods to Across the Stars or Anakin's Theme, for example. 
Someone selling an old clone war era armor or an old B1 droid as a service droid would be cool. Others mentioned some old school blasters, that could be cool too
The extended forceback sequence. Include a couple flashes in the Clone War, the Mustafar duel, and the "I HATE YOU!" Along with a couple flashes of Luke with it, and a brief flash of the Cloud City duel, and "I AM YOUR FATHER"

Just to keep Vader's presence looming in a more direct way. 
Plageuis

If Snoke isn't Plageuis I'll be a bit disappointed.

I'd prefer the story to come full circle rather than just continue elsewhere.

Unless they have a better idea, of course.


Species. Take half of thye new species introduced and replace them with prequel species. That would be a great balance between old and new. I'd love to see a Clawdite (Zam Wessel's species) casually shift in the background of Maz's cantina.
Shaaks roaming the countryside in the background. What a glorious beast.
Not tasteful but if the planet that blew up was Coruscant, I'd be happy
Some kind of visual reference to Yoda or Kenobi. Considering how important they were to the New Republic's founding, I was hoping to see them on currency or a statue. 

Then again the Jedi were still just "legends" to Rey, so I'm guessing the New Republic didn't give them their due.  
If we're going to delve deeper into the lore of the Jedi in 8, which I think is a definite possibility, then I'd like to see some kind of connection to the ways and stylings of the Jedi Order as seen in the prequels. Even if Luke is deliberately rejecting the old ways- let him outright *say* that, so we know the contrast is an intentional one. Whatever they do, I just hope they ground the Jedi mythology in the history established by the prequels, rather than trying to sneakily redefine the whole thing. 

Same goes for the New Republic. If we're going to see more of that, then establish a thematic connection between the the two eras of democracy, even if that means showing the NR as being deliberately and intentionally *unlike* the Old Republic.
Since the force is now greatly unseen, and people have to say "It's true, I've seen it", I think it's be fun to have a doubter, implying Palpatine was just a man, say something to the tune of, "We all know the Empire was just born out of the Senate..."
They talk about the Jedi and the Jedi Temple on Coruscant!
jar jar shows up on screen and is immediately gunned down by both sides, good and bad alike.
Something small that won't distract the viewer, similar to Finn grabbing the practice droid out of the junk box on the Falcon. I'm thinking maybe a clone helmet discarded on a shelf or a powered down battle droid leaning against a wall in a junk shop.

Or, less subtly and a direct reversal to Anakin, Rey is near some sand or it comes up in conversation and says something along the lines of "I don't mind sand. In fact, it reminds me of home. It's slightly comforting."
Snoke is Umbaran
Someone lovingly holding someone by the lakes of Naboo...  Ew.  No.  I can't even kid about it.

How about we don't get into the trap of referencing every thing that came before?  It wouldn't even make sense given the amount of time that has passed from prequel events to Episode 8.
Darth Maul returns. 

Unless he meets his end sometime during certain cartoons. 
Thought this was really awesome so i decided to post it on here hope its cool and hope you enjoy it



artist-skyscraper48
Cool! it kinda looks like one of the character cards from Dragon Age: Inquisition
My dad loves books, especially in the sci-fi/fantasy genre.  When I was growing up (in the 1980's) he had literally thousands of them (all written between 1900 and 1985 or so), neatly shelved in our basement, and starting around age 10 I was given free reign to read anything in this massive library.  This image could have landed on almost any of those book covers.  Thanks for the memory.  :)
My heart skipped a beat before I realized this was fake!
Halo Reach: A Star Wars Story
The Funeral of Qui-Gon Jinn
I saw "Jyn's Noble End" first before I realized it was fake & almost shit myself 
It'll be a missed opportunity if Michael Giacchino doesn't call the end credits track "Rogue One's Noble End" 
Honestly, that's how I see the movie going, they all die in the end...
I think one of the things I'm most excited for about Rogue One is actually Giacchino's track titles.
Gave me a good laugh
When is this soundtrack due out anyway? I'm very interested in hearing Giacchino's Star Wars, as I suspect he'll be the one to take the reins once the Maestro passes into the Great Beyond.
Dude, it took me way too long to realize this was a joke. I don't wanna talk about how it made me feel...it made me feel bad... man  :(
Not Giacchino enough... "World's Worst Noble End"
qui gons noble end.

that spoiler from PM lol
Everyone dead Dave!
lol
Nice to see Giachinno branching out and not doing pun titles every track. ;)
Yeah, Krennic is a complete cockadouche. Definitely one of the pilots of the Douche Canoe
Haha that's awesome 
Holy shit, I thought this was real for a second xD
I chuckled. 👍🏼
All jokes aside, this is most likely the order of how things will go down. 
That was good. But I really am looking forward to the actual list. Giachinno's pun game is unstoppable on his soundtracks. 
I LOLed.
This really made me laugh. Thanks!
You should most definitely name it "That's One Hell of a Pilot"
Neat-o!
This scene made me cream.
Your perspective is off on the wings. Just an fyi.
Dude, this takes me back to the hours I would spend drawing and painting star wars everything as a kid - as a ten year old when the phantom menace came out the new ships and characters captured all of my imagination. If you're here today your skills are going to be amazing in years to come. 
Someone didn't listen to Yoda when he said they wouldn't need their weapons inside the Tree.
Probably left behind by a moisture farmer. I'd ask old Ben Kenobi about it.
This was buried a long time ago. 
I remember those things as kids. Ah the memories of getting your fingers smacked by your friends.
An elegant weapon for a more civilized age
Your father wanted you to have this when you were old enough, but your uncle wouldn't allow it. 
Whatever you do, just be super careful if you decide to hit that button. Don't let anyone stand too close to the business end of that thing when you do, or they're going to regret it. 

If it sparks up red, you're going to want to bury it again and plant a tree over it. 
Keebler elves ain't screwing around.
I lost a plastic lightsaber just like that when I was ~8 or 9...
That's my all time favorite lightsaber. 

One day I'll invest in a quality hilt as an upgrade to my ForceFX. 
Obi-Wan's padawan lightsaber
Ahh.. They don't make 'em like they used to.
Did you find a copy of Link's Awakening DX Edition for Gameboy and a single grey Smartwool sock down there too? Asking for a friend.
Did it have a GameCube in it?
My father dug up a Kenner Chewbaca earlier this year; he thought it was a root at first.  
http://imgur.com/BRBjCTT  
  

http://imgur.com/Gzk3hYi

Dangit, OP, did you chop down the lightsaber tree? It was just getting ready to bear it's harvest of bang lightsabers!
I am no Jedi, but I know the Force. It moves through and surrounds every living thing. Close your eyes... feel it... the light... its always been there... it will guide you. The saber, take it.
It chose you 
There's been an awakening. 
It calls to you..
I know I'm dumb but I would've tried to turn it on to see if its real. 
You thought it was a water pipe and dug the rest up anyway? 
Please open it up and tell me how long the blade is. My brothers and I used to have some around 2003/4, and I know the ones that are being sold right now are shorter, but just how much shorter are they?
I'm not sure if anyone mentioned this, but it's possible someone put that item under a tree they planted as a memorial after losing someone they love.
There was a hand too. Did you find the hand?
As a 36 year old adult, if I had found this buried in the ground, I would still pause and question my reality for a second...
An elegant sprinklerhead for a more civilized lawn.
The Force.. it's calling to you...

*Just let it in...*
There was supposed to be a hand as well...
Was there a hand with it?
An elegant weapon...for a more civilized age.
Did you just unearth a dead kid's light saber?  Say a kid who loves Star Wars, gets cancer or something and dies.  Their grief stricken parents bury this toy lightsaber with a tree that they either planted in the kid's memory, or by an already established tree the kid also loved to climb or something.


You monster.
Must have been calling to you
Point it at your face and turn it on. I hear thats how you check it if works. Then again I could be wrong some blonde farm boy told me thats how he did it. Not sure what happened to that guy. 

The Force is obviously strong in you and you didn't choose the weapon, the weapon chose you.
So this is super weird. Hey OP, you don't happen to live in Utah do you? 
You're the chosen two. Now go and rob a gas station.
"And now it belongs to you!" 
when i was younger my buddys family was pretty well off, and for christmas one year they bought him like 50 or more gi joe cobra soldiers, because he wanted his own cobra army like the cartoon. when he was showing me his collection i was like damn look at all these cobra soldiers that is sweet.there were probably like 20 there.  he said "oh i had a lot more of them but i kept killing them in combat and burying them and then forgetting where i buried them."  rather then search for them he just said the hell with it. somewhere there is  a"dead" gi joe cobra soldier tree growing in a small neighborhood.
Did you just dig up Ood Bnar?
The force is calling you
You know how Obi Wan's first lightsaber falls down the hole? Did Maz find it and give it back to him later on?
Where did you dig up that old fossil? 
Was there a hand with it? There should've been a hand.
Now just go find a construction vest by a Kroger, post up by a parking lot and make some sweet cash!

....wrong sub
There's always a lightsaber in the banana tree
It calls to you now... it is your destreeny
"Unearthed a tree today... found this buried in the dirt underneath. Thought it was it's child."
FTFY.
Ah..
A more elegant weapon, for a more civilized age..
It is your destiny, the force, it calls to you.
Is that tree ood bnar ? 
I won't lie I buried my Lightsaber under my grans tree a good few years ago (It was Qui Gons design with a red blade) and year ago I went back to the spot where it was and it was right there! Now it's on my shelf reminding me of the childhood.
Wait... what area do you live in? I remember burying a lightsaber near my childhood home just for loz. Forgot to dig it up. 
Looks like someone wanted to join /r/Lightsabers but got lost along the way.
There has been an awakening in the Force...
Did you have a huge flashback when you touched it for the first time?
(In the distance) These are your first steps....
That's pretty neat. I think about stuff like this back when I was a kid. In my backyard forest area at my grandparents house there's definitely all different toys that I've lost over the years of growing up there. Found a blastoise Pokemon figure buried in the dirt like 5 years ago.
"Now... you have that power, too..."
Insane.  I bought a house this year and I believe yours is the same that was hidden under the mountains of pine straw in my back yard!
The wand chooses the wizard, Harry. 
Shit dude I think you're the chosen one.
As a child I was convinced that somewhere buried in the ground was a magic lightsaber that would give me all sorts of crazy powers and abilities. Had I found this then, I probably would have pissed myself and then been incredibly disappointed. That said, you should try using the force again sometime while carrying that thing... just in case
Was there a hand?
That's no irrigation. 
Kidwifi, these are your *first* steps.
It's probably a murder weapon. 
After you touched it, did you get a series of visions of being abandoned, witnessing a massacre and encountering a gang of goth teens?
This is how a great quest begins.
You think you found it? No, it found you.
It is from a long long time ago. look how dirty it is.
An ancient weapon, from a more civilized time.
I feel like this would be the setup for an awesome Star Wars story. A person stumbles upon the long buried remains of an ancient battleground of the Jedi and Sith, unearthing an ancient lightsaber while tilling the soil. Miraculously, it still works, and said person slowly begins to self-teach him or herself in the ways of the force. 
After all these years, it chose you?
I think the farmer was a little confused on how to manufacture kyber crystals
There was a hand. Did you find the hand???
This weapon is your life
You'll be crowned the king now
Might be a real one
That was probably some kids time capsule 
.... thats not irrigation....
Gussy it up however you want, Trebek. What matters is does it work?
ur father kept it with obi-tree-kanobi when he died, luke take it!
Obviously a force tree. You know. Cuz that's a thing.
What if a kid buried that there for some weird memory and was gonna get it in 10 years and now you dug it up?
Mace Windu?
I know for a fact there are a few of those buried in my folks backyard.
How long would you assume it was buried?
Hurry! Run put it back!  She was saving it for the zombie apocalypse!
That's a sign, the force brought it to you 
i got the same one at home!!
My friends and I made a collapseable bong out of one of these during our adolescence. Complete with a shot glass(camo duct taped to the bottom) and a makeshift slide out of a ratchet head hammered onto an aluminum pipe. 
OH MY GOD A LIGHTSABER?
I'm wondering why OP saw an irrigation head by a tree and decided to start digging it up. Sick find regardless :P
I use to have that exact type :) was it green?
Does anyone remember as a kid these first coming out? Obi-wan light saber was really rare because a lot got recalled because like the battery would spark or something. We had the obiwan and quigon set and our friends were so jealous. But I was jealous cause they had darth mauls saber and my mom wouldn't let me get it cause he looked like Satan.
So that's where it went after it was kicked down the shaft! 
Did it have a hand attach to it?
You are the chosen one!
You are the chosen one
The force, its calling for you. Just let it in.
I had this very light sabre as a kid. Brings back so many memories 
That's no irrigation pipe...its a remnant of a childhood. (*gets caught in tree's tractor beam*)  
THERE HAS BEEN AN AWAKENING
Apparently, there is ANOTHER Skywalker...
That was the first ever toy lightsaber I had. I was known locally as someone you didn't want to fight with one. 

14 years later, I can still kick my younger cousins asses in a saber fight.

Maybe due to the fact they're just kids but...
The chosen one has been found to lead the republic  
So it IS real!
THAT LIGHTSABER. It belongs to ME. 
I REMEMBER THESE! me and my dad used to battle against each other, i always used Darth mauls and i remember my dad used count dooku's, he would bring new ones round every now and then, like after we watched episode 3 he surprised me with Yodas and darth sidious ones. so many good memories. one of my favorites is when i went in a strop after he "killed" me. he put his lightstabour away and i threy mine. properly the best throw of my life to this date becasue the lighsabour compated down into his eye and now hes got really bad vision in that one eye [hahgahaahahaha.](https://youtu.be/YZ_j3s5xj8I?t=22) 
Does it... Does it work?
This can't be true.
The force is measured in newtons 
You are the chosen one!
OP is the chosen one
It's true. All of it.
That lightsaber was Luke's, and his father's before him, and now it calls to you...
I'm waiting for the swelling John Williams score
it chose you
Now you must travel to a small island to meet the owner and commence training.
For a second I thought I was on r/WhatIsThisThing
My little brother has that lightsaber
This is probably the same way Maz ended up with Luke's lightsaber. "Just found it under a tree..."

No such thing as coincidence, you know?
and now it calls to you...
You are the chosen one, the saber called out to you.
Well it does says "A long time ago..." at the start of the movie. 
The saber, it calls to you. 
IT WAS EARTH ALL ALONG!!! YOU BLEW IT UP! YOU MANIACS!!!!!

Wait.. wrong movie.

Ah yes. A Jedi's weapon. Much like your father's.
Was a the Menoa tree? I hear you can find weapons under it. 
"Your father wanted you to have this when you were old enough, I buried here for safety."
Looks like someone left the Jedi Order around the time of Order 66 to fake their death.
So I'm guessing there are two holes at the bottom of the reactor core. One lead to the dumpster and the other led to UPS.

No wonder packages are so beat up when you get it.
Are you on Naboo?  
r/thathappened
Wasnt there a jedi who turned into a tree when his star went nova? Master oodoo or something like that
This alone should be the plot of a Star Wars movie.
It's your father's lightsaber!
You must go on a journey now. 
IT CALLS TO YOU!
/r/thathappened
Rick and Tom were best friends. They met in first grade and both brought Star Wars figures for show and tell. They found out that they lived next door to each other and  spent most of their afternoons fighting the forces of evil and saving the galaxy. Rick would play Obi Wan and and Tom would always play Luke. It had to be that way since Rick was two months older and, therefore wiser. When they were eleven years old they were playing near the large tree in Rick's backyard. They often pretended that the low hanging branches were light sabers owned by wicked members of the Dark Side. On this particular day, in the midst of a heated light saber battle, Tom sunk to his knees and collapsed. Rick turned to lecture Tom about how Jedi could never be defeated, but knew something was wrong when he saw the look on Tom's face. Tom uttered a small "help" and closed his eyes. Rick ran as fast as he could to get help. By the time they had returned Tom had passed away. 

The doctors never could explain exactly why Tom died. After the funeral, Rick walked into his backyard and discovered Tom's light saber in the dust near the tree. He buried that light saber at the base of the tree because the sight of it was too much for him. Rick is thirty now and his parents have long since moved out of that old house. Every once in a while Rick finds himself driving by that old house and thinks of The light saber buried under the old tree and the friendship it represented. The kind of friendship that transcends death. The kind of friendship Luke and Obi-Wan shared. 
There was a hand too...Did you bring the hand?
A sonic screwdriver! Neat!
I know OP irl and he didn't find that buried underground... calling bullshit... that's a type of dildo, and it's clearly caked in fecal matter. 
It may be a dusty sandfilled shithole but I can't not love Tatooine. If I think Star Wars, that's the first location I see.
Naboo, come on it was beautiful
If I had to pick one place to live at?

Naboo or Alderaan, of course.

Ahch-To seems like it would be nice if it didn't sound like a fucking *sneeze*.
Bespin hands down, there's just something enchantingly beautiful about Cloud City that captures my imagination every time. That combined with John Williams' score makes it perfect.
Coruscant, since before it even existed on screen.  It sounds like such an incredibly beautiful place to live, and a monument to civilization's excesses and exceptionalism.  
Naboo and it's not really close. Alderaan if...well...you know.
I was always fond of Mustafar myself
Thats not a picture of Mandalore, thats the Death Watch base on Concordia, Manalore's moon.

 My favorite planet is probably Umbara because of its interesting plant life that lights up the night.

Close second would be Raxus Secundus because of the autumn colors.

Edit: A better picture for mandalore would be the domed cities surrounded by the white desert or the inside of the cities.
It's very hard to say, every single planet is so beautiful. If I HAVE to pick one, maybe Hoth. Simply because im from Norway and it was shot in Norway :D
Right now I'm feelin Scarif.
Felucia
Nar Shaddaa. It is a place for smugglers and general trouble makers, folks like Boba Fett and IG-88. Those characters are the kind of characters that I would make up stories for with my imagination when I was a kid. To me, that is a huge part of what Star Wars is about... wanting more Star Wars, to the point where you build stuff up in your mind.

Also, Nar Shaddaa Streets was my favorite map on Jedi Knight II: Jedi Outcast.
Naboo has a lovely blend of architecture and nature, but Bespin would be a nice getaway from dealing with a singular weather system. 
Tython
If I could live anywhere it would definitely be Naboo.
Dantooine! Where's Dantooine?
Tough to pick just one...but probably Coruscant.  Naboo is nice too.  I'd be surprised if anyone seriously picked Jakku though.  It's seems even duller than Tatooine.
Corellia! Shimmering beaches, crystal swamps and golden flowing plains. The whole planet is like Southern California.
Coruscant. Though I wish we could explore Alderaan a bit more
Tatooine because it reminds me of my hometown. People from Riverside CA will understand. 
[Manaan - Ahto City](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQTWteCcRSw)
The Forest Moon Of Endor had remained my absolute favorite location until I saw [Eadu](http://www.starwarsnewsnet.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/Rogue-One-15.png) and [Lah'mu.](http://www.starwarsnewsnet.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/Rogue-One-03.png) Eadu reminds me so much of the [imperial installation on Kejim](http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/starwars/images/4/43/KejimOutpost_1.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20100617180742) in Jedi Outcast, and Lah'mu is just ridiculously beautiful. Definitely a good place to have a homestead on, better than Tatooine anyway. I wouldn't ever want to live on a planet that's hot all the time always.
I'd go camping on Takodana.
Lothal, it's so pretty
What about ryloth, mygeeto  etc
I don't think the picture for Kashyyyk is a good advertisement for the place.
Alderaan, because I want to die.
Kashyyk, wasn't done much justice in ep 3, but in the books it was a planet covered with trees the size of skyscrapers with different ecosystems at different heights. Crazy
Korriban. Where the last great Sith Lords lay. 
Coruscant and Utapau!

Coruscant because I love the city and it seems so interesting with all of the levels.

Utapau because Pau'ans are neat.
Utapau - I was an immediate fan.

And Alderaan. Always Alderaan.
Umbara. What an incredible looking environment.
Dathomir, they have rancors
Its not listed but, Korriban. The Sith fascinate me more than anything else in Star Wars and the planet has so many mysteries. 
Even though it's not listed, Onderon has been my favorite Star Wars world ever since I played KOTOR II. I'm so happy that it was used in Clone Wars and got to remain cannon.
Definitely Kamino. Rainy ocean, high-tech sterile-white buildings, the strangely beautiful Kaminoans... I just love Kamino.
Where's my corellia! Thats honestly one of things i hope for most in the Solo movie is a chance to finally see Corellia... maybe...
Meesa like a Naboo.  
Mustafar. Wanna get my spa on.
Takodana give me all that natures
Takodana,  Hoth  
Gotta say Mandalore. Such a beautiful location in the CW show
I always found Manaan to be beautiful. Ironic considering my deep fear of the ocean 
[*FTFY, OP](http://i.imgur.com/rM3LRGY.jpg)

Also, I'm going to say Coruscant.
Mustafar's gorgeous. Nearly uninhabitable, sure, but gorgeous nonetheless.
Tattooine.  Everything really starts there, it's out far away from everything, yet so much happens there, and somehow, I feel that in a few years, we will find out that it all ends there. 
Manaan
Endor <3 <3 <3
Alderaan and Coruscant. 
Alderaan is for me the best compromise between a highly well structured society (such as Coruscant), but without all the negative aspect of living underground (for the most part of the population), corruption, criminality,... . It looks to me like a planet of Idealism, Balance, Justice.

A shame that neither the prequel or clone wars fully made us discover that beautiful planet before her fate.
Mandalore > Coruscant > Tatooine > Dathomir > Dagobah > Endor > Bespin > Hoth > Lothal > Mustafar > Ahch-to > Yavin 4 > Kamino > Takodana > Jakku > Naboo > Kashyyyk > Alderaan > Geonosis > Utapau

Place in list does not indicate exact rating weight.
I loved playing the Kothlis maps on the Rogue Squadron games. But off this list, Lothal always seems like sort of nice and kind of serene place
Bespin
Naboo
OMG this subs needs more posts like this!
Naboo would be my choice. Just love the culture and the climate. I hope we'll see it again in future movies.
I'd love vacations on the beaches of Kashyyyk
Alderaan, Coruscant, Naboo and Utapau are my favorites out of those.
Coruscant or Mustafar for me.
Nar Shadaa. SWTOR captured it really well i think and I would love to see it like that in a movie or tv show!
There's a strange resemblance between the pictures of Ach-To and Lothal.  Btw, that's Concordia, not Mandalore.
I'd live on Coruscant but have a vacation home on Naboo.
Kronos.

That's Star Wars, right?
The Death Star
Utapau. Most obscure planet in canon probably.
Coruscant. There's something extremely interesting and frightening about the street levels that I'd love to see incorporated in the video games somehow. One reason I was pissed 1313 got cancelled. 
Korriban ☺
Of that list, I'd have to go with BBY Alderaan. SWTOR just makes it look so beautiful.
I'll take Dromund Kaas. Thanks. 
Kashyyyk. Loved that scene
I'm crying because apparently this is about as big as the Star Wars universe is nowadays (plus a few worlds that appeared in TCW). RIP the EU.

Also, Felucia. Wouldn't wanna live there with all the acklay and flesh-eating plants and shit, but goddamn was it riotously beautiful.
Hey OP, is this original content? Just curious. I've never seen a chart of these places look so neat and simple.
Christophsis 
How is Felucia not up there, c'mon.
It *was* endor until I played Star Wars Battlefront. Playing as empire.... ugh.
Either Naboo or Scarif. Both look incredible.
Vulcan!

Wait, damnit wrong subreddit
Bespin seems cool.
I can't choose between Naboo or Mandalore. But I would love Naboo as a start. 
Mustafar does have a fiery beauty to it. Though that atmosphere must be murder on the lungs.
Besbin
Lothal. I'm so excited they're going back next week
Felucia it's only seen for a split moment during Order 66.

But has been showcased in many of the games.
Alderaan or Naboo
Hoth, since I was a kid the AT-AT was my favorite vehicle in any show or movie or game ever. Just such a dominating force and such a cool setting to see them looming in the distance through the snow.
That's not Mandalore.

Sullust! I love cave exploration and the Sullustan people seem like very interesting people. "Ey teyedeh ah uh hamookyak kay, eh?"
Jakku. The wreckage is awesome
Easily Kamino, it's the most A E S T H E T I C of all the Star Wars planets
No corellia or Mon calamari or Ossus or kashyyk so I guess I will go with either Coruscant or alderann.
Great. Now I want an animated series in the style of the 2003 clone wars show. 
Now there's a face only a blind mother could love 
The Emperor's Shadow Guards! With lightsaber pikes and all! Very nice.
Vader looks vaguely Cumberbatch.
The purple eyes on the stormtroopers are a nice touch
This is freaking amazing. Where can I find more?
SW has some of the most passionate fans for sure.. but there are also major divides because of the prequels, special editions, etc. The biggest problem is people get downright mean about it, which is something I haven't really seen in other fandoms.  Like, Marvel some people love it all, or have a few choice things they don't like, but in general the fans are appreciative.  Dr Who, people kind of bicker over who is the better writer for the series but it's usually still mostly positive banter. 

But with SW I feel like there is a large portion of the fan base who just go looking to start a fight and argue about the same things over and over, and they honestly get pretty hateful over it. Like, we get it, the prequels have some cringe moments, but on the whole we still love them. One type of fan is able to roll their eyes, say, "oh, George" and move on with their life. The other type attacks the taste and intelligence of the first person for being able to find enjoyment in them outside of those moments.

I think that comes down to a personality trait more than a like or dislike of the content itself.  Star Wars' wide appeal means that it has attracted wide eyed fantasy-seekers as well as stone cold cynics.  Star Wars is one of the only fandoms I can think of where such a significant portion of the fanbase seem to wish half of it didn't exist. 
Not the best, but not the worst. I have seen much worse fanbases out there.

My biggest issue is the most vocal part of the fandom's inability to respect each others's opinons and that they feel the need to make their opinions heard. 

Now, I'm not generalizing the fandom as a whole - I'm sure there are respectful and reasonable fans out there - I'm just basing it off of what I've seen.

EDIT: Edited the comment to get my point across better
It is incredibly diverse. All ages. All races. All identities. All passion levels. With this diversity comes a diversity of opinions. Like u/electrikyle mentioned, there certainly seems to be major divides in the fandom (prequels, Disney/Legends, just the movies vs expanded material, etc) 

Honestly, my experience has been mixed. I have met some awesome people! Some of my best friends share a passion with Star Wars and it couldn't be better. I went to Celebration last year and I talked to several people and ALL of the people I talked to were very nice. Easily some of the best people I've met. I've met some awesome users here on this subreddit, even some I disagree with greatly, but we respect each others opinions. 

However, particularly online, I have experienced the dark side of the fandom. (pun intended) I almost want to say there is a sense of absolutism. You're not a real fan if you like the prequels, don't like Clone Wars or Rebels, like Legends, etc. There is an illusion that a popular opinion = a right opinion. The diversity of fan preferences should mean that all opinions are right. I believe Star Wars should be for everyone to take away whatever they want. For whatever reason, disagreements tend to just be cruel here and some fans can't accept that others hold "controversial" preferences.

Edit: I also want to add that I have heard a certain phrase a lot from fans: "That is/isn't Star Wars." As if Star Wars has a rigid ruleset for what themes/elements can be included. I hate this narrow line of thinking that many fans seem to have adopted. Star Wars is so diverse in the material itself and the audience, that I believe ANYTHING can be made for Star Wars.    
Not letting go of the EU is a little irritating.  Those who feel that way need to understand it's dead and move on.  Shaking your first at the clouds isn't going to change LFL's mind.

I also get frustrated with "Disney" being used as a curse word.  LFL is still calling the shots.  This is Kathleen Kennedy's show.  If you got a problem, complain about her.  Bob Iger just signs the checks.
Pretty divisive and in many ways toxic .
There are many great fans and groups, but as a whole ... urgh . On some fronts people cling to it like a cult and the major media representation of certain products  in a negative way and it  trying to shove those subjective perceptions (or lack thereof) of certain parts  is  unfathomable.
I don't take anyone seriously when they call the prequels, new movies, comics, and books "not Star Wars" Because that is such a sheltered way of thinking and they only hurt themselves by not seeing or reading some great stuff
Pretty mixed to be honest.

I grew up hearing about this mystical space adventure movie which was the bees knees, but due to factors outside of my control the first movie I saw as a kid was the Phantom Menace. I saw it once. Twice and then a third time. I liked it. It was silly, but I liked it a lot. Still couldn't watch anything at home so I saw episode 2 and 3, which I liked even more due to the more mature and martial tone. (and the lack of the prequel Ewok)

It wasn't until years later that I saw the originals, right around the time I got access to the internet. Lets just say my disagreeing with the idea that the prequels were garbage wasn't well received by self identified fans of Star Wars. That has mellowed since the last decade, but its left its mark.


The thing with the Star Wars community is that it's so big. There are tiny communities within this community. So there's a group for everyone.  
  
The downside with that is that it's hard to please everyone with the brand, so many people are bound to have clashing opinions.  
  
I think, overall it's a decent community. Even though there are multiple groups of people that I disagree with.  

The Alliance of Star Wars Fanatics. Dedicated to changing the fandom for the better. Look us up!
I've generally found its one of the better fanbases. There are some really weird fan-bases out there. Like "I'll send you death threats if you create something I don't like" weird.

There are some annoying factions however.

There is the group I call the "True Star Wars fans." The ones that go about "if you liked x, you are a casual. If you didn't like y, you aren't a fan." 

Everyone likes different things and that is okay. It doesn't make you any less of a Star Wars fan than the next guy over.


Everyone repeats the same sentiments over and over again. Everyone thinks they're original. 
It's definitely one of the better fandoms - but that (comparing my opinion to my experience) tracks with older fandoms. There are simply more mature fans, and they don't tolerate the same levels of immaturity that younger fandoms do. So you get less drame, thought the drama you do get is often ... deeper? More complicated? 

Which isn't to say there aren't fans who are dicks - but they are shunned by the rest of the fan community.
Well the worst part of any media franchise is the fans unfortunately. From what I've seen here the fans are extremely nitpicky and it's not at all endearing. It doesn't show great devotion and passion for Star Wars. Instead it shows that they use Star Wars as a crutch for their lives instead of an outlet, something they use as an escape. But when a "pleb" or a "newb" comes along and gets something wrong they are viciously attacked and that turns me off to the fandom. They are trying to protect their time, money and emotional investment in SW from the mainstreamers and that shows greed. 

Star Wars is cool and it's fun to think about and research but other people have their own views and things they like about it. It's also fun to interpret Star Wars based on one's unique perspective and experiences, so not everything has to be 100% exact and movie accurate to be enjoyed.
That was great in TFA showing how big some of these things are. Like when Millennium Falcon flew into Super Star Destroyer it just shows how big and scary those are.
Death Star is 120km in diamteter.

SSD's are 19km long.

SD's are 1.6km long.
Size matters not. Look at me. Judge me by my size, do you?
https://lmgtfy.com/?q=Star+Wars+ship+size+comparison+chart

Sorry, I had to :P
The music and the acting for sure! Then going deeper into it, the worldbuilding and the story.
Honestly Darth Vader. When I was younger I liked him obviously because he's the badass villain, but as time went on and rewatches accrued I realized how truly conflicted Anakin/Vader was through out the series and made his story increasingly relatable. 
I like the worldbuilding myself - the plotlines and characters (and effects) can seem kind of trite since they've been repeated so often now, and the additional stuff has varying quality, but the universe is so fascinating to me, with the unlimited potential for so much more to be found.

That's what keeps me coming back. Plus, the OT and TFA are good movies.
I love it because it was a part of my life since I was a very little kid.  I remember seeing the first movie in the theater.  Sure, many of the elements in the movie are simplistic, black-and-white.  But, it's not supposed to be a head-scratcher type of movie.  It's designed to just be absorbed and is designed to be accessible to children.

Should you learn to love it?  I mean, I wouldn't force it on yourself.  If you don't like it, you don't like it.  Nothing wrong with that.  I can understand wanting to be a part of something big in culture and society, but it doesn't always work out.  Lots of big popular things I don't like and sometimes I feel left out, or like I am missing something, but I can't force myself to like something I don't.
Honestly, I love that it's not perfect. I like that certain franchises feel conclusive and nearly perfect, like Lord of the Rings or Harry Potter. But because of that, there's almost nothing left to wonder about or discuss. They feel so final. And yeah, they've expanded on them with The Hobbit and Fantastic Beasts, but those are just different stories with a lot of different characters. You don't even have to compare them too much to what came before.

With Star Wars, I find it interesting that there's such a divide in the fandom with the prequels. I've never viewed them as being really good movies myself, but I still watch them annually, in appreciation for what they do for the mythology and story as a whole. 

With that said, this whole saga is more than just a set of movies to me. That's why even though there are a lot of imperfections, it just feels like this huge world that I never want to leave, even if there is poor dialogue or poor acting or a really bizarre special effect here and there. 

Many people complained about The Force Awakens feeling too familiar, but I've honestly always loved the symmetry the series has always had. It makes me feel like destiny is a real thing in the Star Wars Universe and for the Skywalker family.

I've done several posts on Star Wars at length that would definitely answer this question even further. 

https://thefilmeditorial.wordpress.com/tag/star-wars/
I actually like the black and white nature of it all. It's a throw back to a more simplistic way of storytelling where the heroes are good and the villains are evil. There's not a whole lot going on under the surface in the films and I think that allows for a more pure adventure story. 

I also like that it's not a complex story with multi faceted characters. It's big and dumb and doesn't ask much of the audience. It's just a fun ride with fun characters. 

And finally I like the lore. I grew up reading star wars encyclopedias and loved reading about every little detail that was jammed in there. It's all kind of useless and never really adds to the movies but it was so damn fun to read. 

Finally, don't worry if you don't like it. You don't have too. Don't waste your time trying to enjoy something that isn't for you. There are plenty of other things you could be doing. 
Honestly, there is so much I love about Star Wars it is hard to pin point one thing. But if I had to it would be the heroics of Star Wars. The tales about a valiant hero savings unknown amounts of people is always enjoyable to me 
The ships and aliens. I was hooked as a kid the moment that ISD started going by in Ep. IV. The Cantina scene with all the aliens pretty much sealed my interest in the series. That's also why Return of the Jedi was for a long time my favorite movie of the original trilogy. You had A-wing's, A-wing's, TIE interceptors and the Rebel fleet introduced. Aliens active in the rebellion and the assorted mob at Jabba's were awesome to see. Not to mention the Falcon became a character in her own right during The Empire Strikes Back with all her quirks and trails she endured. Heck, I find the Falcon more relatable than some of the characters in universe having worked on 50+ year old aircraft for almost a decade now. :D

As for what would make you interested in the next two Star Wars story movies? I don't know about Rogue One, as that seems to be your average oddball squad taking it to the evil regime war story to me. But Han Solo could be interesting as he originally was the amoral scoundrel that eventually came around to support the rebellion. His back story could be a lot less black and white if they get into the less glamorous elements of smuggling (with Han) and the seedier side of gambling (with Lando)
He mentions it in the Crystal Crisis arc on starwars.com, but not in the Lost Missions (Season 6)
Wait for the ramp Morty! They love the slow ramp. It really gets their dicks hard when they see this ramp 
Imperial shuttle entrances turn me on. That is all.
*Powwah
Of course Krennic would have a custom designed Imperial ship instead of just using a standard shuttle. After reading Catalyst, it became apparent that he is so full of himself that he thinks he's important enough to even get away with wearing a fucking white cape.
Shit. That ship looks like it's 80% front door
I need to know where you got this picture!!
His shuttle looks like that tomb in New Orleans that Nick Cage owns.
It looks like some kind of ship from Alien or Dune. 
Give me smoke! More smoke!
I think Krennic needs to understand that having a big shuttle won't make Galen leave Lyra for him.
Not a fan of having some Imperial with a custom made Black Imperial shuttle, but having the Emperor of the Galaxy use the normal one.
Walker Walking Testing Tests.
Where did you find it?
I'm not expecting it to. For a few reasons:

1) The Force Awakens was the first film in over a decade.

2) It was the first sequel to Star Wars in my lifetime.

3) It was the first time I saw the original trio on the big screen.

4) It was the continuation of the main Star Wars saga.

Rogue One doesn't really fulfil that criteria.
Seeing Vader on the big screen will give me goosebumps for sure, if he has larger role than I'm anticipating then my goosebumps will continue throughout the film.
Honestly, if they do the old simple Death Star Theme from ANH when they show the Death Star in Rogue One, I will get the biggest chills. 

I miss that short cue.
Unpopular opinion: while being one of the best films of the year, TFA wasn't everything I expected. There was a little too much nostalgia for my liking.
I'm far more hyped for Rogue One.
I'm expecting it to give me a few during the large right scenes. The trailers have had me absolutely giddy with excitement. 
I'm just gonna cheer for the LucasFilm logo as soon as it comes on, fuckit. I did worse when I saw it in TFA
Probably when Vader shows up
Eh, I found myself thinking, just around the part where Han and Finn were captured on Takadona, "Eh, this feels like a fanfic. And incredibly well-done fanfic, but a fanfic nonetheless."

I am incredibly hyped for Rogue One, on the other hand.
Every trailer already has given me goosebumps. However Episode 7 gave me nothing but misery. So yeah. 
I had no Ep 7 shivers. Or Ep 3 shivers... or any other shivers. Let's not go crazy.
TL:DR Breznican was on the newest Rebel Force Radio pod and said that they didn't want to do anything with him in a standalone film until they saw how the story in the trilogy panned out. Because there may be connections they would want to make between the two. 

This could mean something, or it could mean nothing. Because the story might not have been finalized for 7-9 when this was the thought at Lucasfilm. 
It's because LucasFilm is planning Star Wars: A Hondo Ohnaka Story! Face the truth Sheeple!
if obi-wan is involved in 8 and 9, the hype train would overload 

disney would be insane to not cash in on a kenobi solo movie while mcgregor can still play him for the next decade or so
I want a Ewan McGregor Obi Wan movie a 100 times more than I want a Harrison Ford-less Han Solo film. 
"Rumored" is the reason I'm not paying this much heed. The number of Star Wars rumors floating around this great web of ours could fill a star cruiser. 
Although Breznican is a pretty good source, lets keep in mind that this is speculation on his part and he's been wrong before. He appeared on the same podcast before TFA came out and said that the didn't think they would kill Han in the first movie of the new trilogy. 
Can we get Ewan in Lukes force council please?
I just really want to see an Obi-Wan standalone film where it's basically Trainspotting in the Dune Sea of Tatooine. Kenobi has just overloaded on stims and death sticks, he has a set of friends that he goes to the cantina with like the supporting characters from Trainspotting, getting into bar fights and the like.

Would I want it to be canon? Hell no. But I would watch it 'cause it'd be hilarious.
Hopefully Ewan McGregor and Hayden Christensen show up as force ghosts in VIII or IX
Luke dies in 9, shows up as a Force Ghost with Obi-Wan (as played by a suitably aged Ewan McGregor).
Please be true. Obi wan is my favorite human character. I especially loved Ewan McGregor as Obi Wan.

R2D2 is my absolute favorite.
I want an older Ewan McGregor Obi-Wan movie as much as the next guy, but I'm curious, what exactly would the story be about? He basically just chilled on Tatooine and watched Luke right? Are there any canon comics that touch on what he did during that time? I'd like to read them if there are.
Well.  They're done filming VIII, so he's not in VIII.   I really think Rey's origins will already be out in this movie, because the last one will be one big war/fight scene.   So I really really doubt he's in this trilogy.
That actually makes sense, but then again who would play Obi-Wan's Force ghost? The only time we see his Force ghost is in Empire and RotJ obviously so it's not like McGregor could do it. 
Makes no sense. Use EM in new Obi material to make it easier to use him in Saga films.
General Kenobi.....we've been waiting for you.
I haven't been keeping up with the current season of rebels but I have heard that Kenobi will likely be in it perhaps this is what they are talking about
I call that Ewan publicly saying he'd love to do an Obi-Wan movie was a misdirect, and he'll probably pop up somewhere as a force ghost or a flashback or something. 
They'll do it eventually, McGregor is still young. He's in his mid 40's, the great Sir Alec was already in his 60's when ANH came out.
 
If anything waiting 3-4 more years would make his portrayal seem more realistic age wise. 
This... Actually makes sense. I had this conversation with my friend recently, that Disney aren't stupid, and there has to be a good reason it's not happening at this point. I genuinely couldn't think of a reason not to push that movie out, but this is an alright excuse. They have the actor that everyone loves for being the best part of the prequels pushing for it to get made, the character is beloved and extremely well-known, the fans are rallying and pushing for the film, what possible reason was there to not release it? 

But this... This sounds about right. I'm not surprised at all that he'll play a part in the new trilogy, either as a force ghost or in flashbacks or something, I just hope they don't overdo it. Finish his story, tell a little bit about his mysterious past between III and IV, maybe even the Rey Kenobi theorists will get their way, then show us his past in the standalone. If they were to go down the Kenobi route for Rey, which honestly I kinda hope they don't, they would need to have a short scene explaining it to her in VIII, then finish the trilogy and release Kenobi in 2020, to give us more detail on who he loved/who was his son/daughter, etc.
Maul goes to Tatooine to kill Obi-Wan and discovers he's been protecting the son of the chosen one and kidnaps Luke.  Ben goes after them...but so do the Hutts and their hired help cuz they hate Maul. Ben and Maul join forces to defeat all but one of the Hutts though not before  Maul sacrifices himself to save the new hope...finally realizing his way has been wrong all along.  Ben brings Luke back to Owen who loses his mind that Luke was a part of all this.  Ben jedi mind tricks Luke into forgetting what just happened.  Ben rides off in to the sunset.  Owen flips him off.  Roll credits.
I believe with my heart that Rey is Obi Wan's Grand Daughter, she's the off spring of the son/daughter of the union between Obi and Duchess Satine.
They're remaking the prequels. You heard it here first. Episode I in 2025
wait untill the new year, they have anounced that there will be a big announcement in january. speculation is that its either the Boba Fett stand alone or the obi wan stand alone
Wise decision. So far there would not a lot of story to tell about Obi-Wan. 2 hours film about exile in desert with no people occasionaly heling Luke to survive? 
There will be no standalone Obi-Wan's movie, because his story was already so heavily exhausted that only his padawanship and exile remain. Second one would be boring as hell while first one would require casting younger versions of many actors known from PT, which would resulted in decreased quality of the movie way before shooting even starts.

They should do Yoda's movie, from 100-200 years before PT. It wouldn't destroy his mysterious past, as he was already old then, and we would get whole new setting.
It also feels like Disney just writhes at the notion of anything even remotely tied to the prequel trilogy era, it makes their flesh sear. 

Which righteously pisses me off, seeing as even if the prequels weren't that excellent of movies, the universe they were established in was still very interesting and filled with intriguing opportunities for story telling. 

And a lot more can be done to increase the continuity between the PT and OT.
Is "It's a bad idea" really not enough of a reason?
Oh, this is bull. This is no reason to not have an Obi-Wan movie.
Okay, is it just me, or is this headline awful? Can't they just title it, "Obi-Wan Kenobi Movie Not Likely To Happpen"? I feel like the existing headline just doesn't use the English language very well lol. 
If you're into reading, definitely add Catalyst onto the end of that list; although it starts during the Clone Wars so if you read it at the end then you'll be having a bit of a flashback.
That's an awesome list!  
I'll probably watch a few of them too.
You should definitely add the unfinished Utapau arc of *The Clone Wars* in there, as it revolves around a giant kyber crystal, which are used to power the Death Star's superlaser (based on *Catalyst*, it seems like they may play a role in *Rogue One* as well).

You also may want to add "Breaking Ranks" from *Rebels*, as that deals with the rebels going after a giant kyber crystal the Empire is transporting, and maybe "The Honorable Ones" as well since that shows Geonosis and the construction modules above it used to build the Death Star.
I will definitely be following this list!

My list before two seconds ago: Episode I, Episode II, Clone Wars lost missions, Episode III and Rebels: Spark of Rebellion...which is about 12 hours of Star Wars. I'll probably keep Episodes 10-13 from season 6 of clone wars from my list and take out the rest and Episode I, watch it like the week before instead.
Don't forget to play Star Wars: X-Wing tours of duty 1-3.
I think I'll just watch ANH. Then again I did finish catalyst on audiobook two days after it came out. THAT was a good book. 
Nice second attempt!
This was pretty creative, nice job
With every breath, Vader taunts them, whispering Ha-keem.
It will be no match against the forces of Coach Popatine
BOOO! Boooo! Get off the... Here. Have an upvote for a dad joke that is truly a force to be reckoned with.
Robot Chicken really knows how to tug at my heartstrings.. 
That's awesome! 
That's so cool! Did you paint it yourself?
weird
Upcoming Marvel Darth Maul comic - Set before TPM


-[Darth Maul - Son of Dathomir](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Star_Wars:_Darth_Maul%E2%80%94Son_of_Dathomir)

-Star Wars Rebels

EDIT: He also appears in a flashback in the Ahsoka novel
Canon from wiki

Marvel Darth Maul 

Star Wars: Episode I The Phantom Menace (First appearance)

The Phantom Menace Golden Book

Star Wars Journeys: The Phantom Menace

Star Wars Journeys: Beginnings

Star Wars: Galactic Defense

Obi-Wan & Anakin, Part I (Appears in hologram in flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars 


Darth Maul—Son of Dathomir

Ahsoka (Appears in flashback(s))

Star Wars 15: From the Journals of Old Ben Kenobi (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels

Darth Vader 20: End of Games, Part I (Mentioned only)

Return of the Jedi: Beware the Power of the Dark Side! (Mentioned only)

Shattered Empire, Part III (Vision to Leia Organa)
Ok so no mentioned but what about flashbacks and visions. Especially visions because they could be hallucinations do they count 

Obi-Wan & Anakin, Part 1 (Appears in hologram in flashback(s)) (comic book) - set after TPM, before AotC

Shattered Empire, Part 3 (Vision to Leia Organa) (comic book) - Set after RotJ, before TFA

Edit: clarification on when they happen 
He also appeared in The Clone Wars episode [Witches of the Mist](http://a.dilcdn.com/bl/wp-content/uploads/sites/6/2016/08/open-uri20150608-27674-1ukzll2_0c34d53c-1.jpg) it's set before episode Brothers. 
Appears in a ton of "Star Wars: Tales" issues. And I believe a "Tag and Bink" one shot
[deleted]
They aren't in order.  Star Wars: Ahsoka comes after Episode III.
It's a shame that the Original and Prequel Trilogy novelizations aren't considered canon anymore. The side stories in Phantom Menace were great. Gave a lot of Anakin's backstory.
This just links to the Audible home page for me.
Have poeple read any of the new ones? Are they any good? The only ones I really enjoyed from the old days were the movie novelizations, the Thrawn trilogy, Karen Travis's Clone Commando series, some of the rogue squadron books, and that one Vong book that had the Camasi diplomat in it. 

I haven't read any of the new stuff. Suggestions/Recommendations?
I love that image, and ROTJ is my favorite episode. BUT...it bothers me that Luke still has both hands.

EDIT: I guess it makes sense, because he had that fake skin put over the robot hand...still kinda bugs me tho.
I like the trivia about this image - those are actually George Lucas' hands, who posed for this. 
This was the very first promotional image I ever saw for Jedi. I remember thinking, "wait, is that the Death Star???"
One of my favourite posters! I have the [Japanese version](http://www.movieposterstudio.com/pimg/ReturnOfJedi_Jap1.jpg)
If I'm 100% honest I never liked this poster... Just the ratio of the rectangle to the thin 'tower' of the lightsaber, the weight on the left, how the saber is cut short by the title, how there's no gap between the image and title... always bugged me. All good that you like it though! :)

That's why I actually like the [3D Force Awakens packaging](http://www.revengeofthe5th.net/2016/08/imitation-is-finest-form-of-flattery.html). Almost bought it for that alone.
Aren't those Lucas' hands?
He's  probably one of my favorite legends Jedi. 
Kota is one of the reasons why I wish TFU was recanonized.
Ah Rahm... Good time, good times indeed. I remember the mission you have to escort him in his drunken stupor while he's blind. Starkiller being all patient since it's kinda his fault that Kota was in that state.
[well its actually the second result](http://i.imgur.com/54MFRW8.jpg)
As I said in a previous thread not too long ago, Rahm Kota is my favorite Jedi. The dude is legendary, but does not deserve the Legends tag.

Make him canon for God's sake!
It'd be fun to have Kota back in the story somewhere.  Not sure where you fit him in though.  You get worried that you would have the Star Wars Galaxies effect, where you had a too many jedi running around in an era where there are an extremely limited number
That's actually hilarious 
Oh yeah I remember that guy!
Binary sunset. Signaled the beginning of the greatest adventure ever seen on screen. 
"Just once, let me look on you with my own eyes."
"I am a Jedi, like my father before me." 
The moment when Vader is looking back and forth at Luke and the Emperor.  I've seen the movie so many times, I cannot even guess at a number.  And yet, every time I see that moment, it stretches for so long!  And although I know the outcome, the music and the emotional charge of all the three characters makes me tense again and again.
One from the newer films for me is when Luke's lightsaber emerges from the snow and flies past Kylo and into Rey's hand, with the John Williams force theme playing. It was just everything awesome about Star Wars in one, speechless moment and was the most exciting moment in Ep 7 for me

But as others have said the throne room, binary sunset, and I am your father top everything imo
Throne room duel
Seeing Anakin, who bowed to no one, kneel in submission to Darth Sidious. Tied for first, in my mind, when it come to emotionally moving scenes in any movie.. The other is when the Cajun prisoner is electrocuted dry in The Green Mile.

That scene and the Duel on Mustafar are the reasons that Ep3 is my FAVORITE SW movie.
When Luke snaps as Vader is taunting him, and just starts wailing on him.  The entire throne room sequence really.

"No, I am your father."

Kylo and Han on the bridge.
The moment Yoda brings the X-wing out of the swamp is a great one. It might be one of the best. 

The Throne Room duel might be tied with that in my book.
For me it would have to be the fight in Cloud City between Luke and Vader in Empire. While the rebels and empire are tearing each other apart outside, the real fate of the galaxy is being determined by a sword fight between father and son beneath a city to no spectators.
 
The fight in Jedi is also great, but the fact that it's in the Death Star with Palpatine watching makes it a little too on the nose. That fight on Bespin just perfectly represents the heart of the series for me.
When Kylo Ren stops the blaster bolt and keeps it there through the entire encounter with Poe.

Awesome moment, the best.
When the X-wings dive to begin the attack on the Death Star in Ep. IV. The way the music builds up as they fly from Yavin and then swells as they dive still gives me chills. 

When Rey pulls the light saber from the snow in TFA and the cue from Burning Homestead kicks in is definitely up there as well. 
Vader's redemption is probably my top serious moment, but there's a bunch of other scenes that are funny as fuck. Obi-Wan's "good job" cracks me up every time and there's a lot of Han Solo moments that are great. I think my favorite is on the Death Star when he chases a few stormtroopers down a hall screaming and then comes around a corner and runs into like 50 more.
The "I am your father" moment

The Throne Room duel

Ahsoka vs Vader

But my favourite is probably Han and Kylo on the bridge. It's so tense and well-acted. It really cemented Kylo as a great Star Wars villain to me. 


BEST MOMENT:

When Vader finally fulfilled his destiny and threw the Emperor to his death, bringing balance to the Force by destroying the Sith ... at least until Disney came along.

COOLEST MOMENT:

Rey & Kylo lightsaber fight.  Honestly, I've seen E7 dozens of times now, and that fight still amazes me.  The cinematography, the sound, the FX, everything.  It's just astoundingly cool.
Maybe not the greatest moment in history, but its when I knew shit was about to go down.

"You dont need to see his identification"

"We dont need to see his identification"
For me, and I know it's the biggest cliché of all clichés, but Luke learning who his father is. 

I discovered Star Wars in my late 20s, had heard all the spoilers and what not but still that struck me very very deeply in a way I wasn't prepared after investing myself into the franchise. 

1b, if you will, is Luke and Vader's final conversation. So many what ifs and holy damn imagine what they could have accomplished had that happened earlier. 
"I love you" 
"I know"

Or when Han says "Hey, It's me." On Endor.
The beginning of ROTS with the battle over Coruscant. So. Good.

Definitely not the best, but the most iconic to me. I knew shit was about to go down as soon as I saw that huge battle going on. 
I see most posts mention something *in* the films.  To me, one of the greatest moments was seeing that [first teaser for Phantom Menace](https://youtu.be/sYkHD9y8EqI).  Took me hours to download.  Oh what could have been...
Its a tie between Han being frozen in carbonite and the end of TESB when R2 fixes the hyper drive of the Falcon, and she jumps to lightspeed.  Fantastic music, excellent build up and pay off.  TESB as a whole is just classic cinema.

***"I AM the Senate!"***
The rumination scene was pretty good.
Luke landing back on the sale barge. Catching his lightsaber and igniting it. 
In real life, May 25th 1977.

In universe, Obi-Wan explaining the Force to Luke.  Had that meeting never occurred, everything would have been very different.
the scene that has always caught me is when Vader interrupts Piett and Ozzel over what the probe droid found.  The jockeying for authority and then all the sudden Vader comes up and james earl jones' voice just says "that's it" with such conviction
The official announcement that they were going to make the Prequels. Followed closely by the announcement that they were going to make the Sequels. 
In universe: Vader's redemption

Out of universe: A quirky sci-fi fairytale space opera with troubled production selling out theaters and becoming a surprise hit, kicking off a franchise
Trench run sequence 
As for emotional: Han Solo being frozen, Yoda's death, Han dies in TFA

As for hilarity: Luke's hand being cut off, Luke being electrocuted, "IT'S A TRAP", C-3PO interrupting Han and Leia's reunion with "HELLO!", C-3PO yelling "I'M OVER HEEEERE" to get the Jawa's attention
ESB Asteroid Field the music and the special effects the dialogue it is probably one of the most quintessential Star Wars scenes.  I feel like the asteroid scene together with the scene where yoda raises Luke's x-wing from the swamp perfectly explain the essence of the Star Wars phenomena . 

The third trailer for TFA is also one of my favorite moments. The music plus Han Solo the ultimate sceptic admitting that the force is real is pure magic 

I Also really like the exposition scene in ANH inside ben's hut. 

Binary Sunset in Star Wars or Luke vs. Vader in The Empire Strikes Back. Both are defining moments in film history.
Rey catching the lightsaber, or the confrontation between Luke and Vader at the end of ROTJ
I personally really love the entire jabba sail barge sequence with luke and also really enjoy the sequence in tfa when the xwings come soaring in across the lake on takodana
"The Force is with you, young Skywalker..."
https://youtu.be/L63In39n86c?t=74

Luke vs Vader ROTJ

Finally getting to the moment we all waited for as kids

Luke facing his father and approaching the Emp for the first time.

"Never tell me the odds!" 

It really sums up the entire saga in one line. Everything the rebels are doing is so outlandish. They're a loose alliance of smugglers and political dissidents fighting a GALACTIC empire, the scale is unfathomable, who have a weapon capable of destroying planets. And yet in the end, the Force wills it and they win. 
"The Force is with you, young Skywalker... but you are not a Jedi yet."

"When gone am I, the last of the Jedi you will be."

"These are your first steps..."

The chance of seeing Ewan return as Obi-Wan excites me, even if it may never happen. 
A tie between Vader and Luke fighting on Cloud City and them fighting on Death Star 2.0. I grew up with the prequels and loved the energy and the flipping and wildness of lightsaber battles. I used to say that they put the originals to shame. Then I grew up. You don't need those acrobatics in the original trilogy. In the OT every time a lightsaber was lit a major decision was about to be made. The first one in A New Hope is still a little sketchy but overall OT lightsaber duels were dripping with intensity and emotion. I love them.
[Best scene in all of Star Wars](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMUKGTkiWik)

Yodas theme, easy top 5 in the entire saga.

The music, the quotes, the TEARS.

I'll add that the ending of Ep.7 is a really cool scene, with zero dialogue as well. Young prodigy climbing the steps up to the old Jedi master. Topped with a great score by the man himself. Good stuff. Just remove the awkward helicopter shot and it woulda been perfect.
One of my favorite moments is when the rebel fighters make their approach to the first Death Star in the battle of Yavin. The tension in the soundtrack as they fly their scant ships at the massive base.
The first time I watched the OT, as I'd say 10ish yrs old, in ROTJ, when Luke nods to R2 right before he's about to hand Jabbas crew their asses. More so the jump down off the diving board and catch the light saber. 
the fight scene in the throne room at the end of RotJ...it's pretty much perfect to me.
Vader's redemption 
The redemption of Vader. 
"Gooood. Your hate has made you powerful. Now fulfill your destiny and take your Father's place at my side."

"Never." (throws away lightsaber) "I'll never turn to the dark side."
Luke's reveal and the end of Episode 7 entirely
Prequels: Darth Maul igniting his second blade

Originals: For me, a tie between the binary sunset and the very shot where the X-Wings begin their descent to the Death Star. So simple, pre-CG, but it just really does it for me.

Sequels: (So far, obviously) A tie between Rey driving her speeder through the wreckage of the old battle, signifying how much time has passed since the Empire the greatest power in the Galaxy, and the Jedi Steps.
Mine is from the worst move episode 2 the stadium when the jedi show up
The moment Padme died from a broken heart.
Damn!!!
Hey. That's pretty good.
Editing already wtf...this is amazing 
It's really nuts how much time they have.
If Ezra saves him i'll be pissed
You know, it occurrs to me that a huge chunk of our arguments about Thrawn could have been nullified if they'd just done one thing in his very first episode:

In the very first chapter of the very first book of the EU, Thrawn eliminated an entire New Republic fleet by executing a Star Destroyer loop-de-lu of death *while relaxing in his room, drinking a beer.* After that, it kinda didn't matter that it would take almost the entire book for him to see any more combat. He'd already shown us how good he was. His danger was established.

This new Thrawn...hasn't done anything even close to that. All we have is everyone's *word for it* that he's this brilliant genius. This and the fact that over and over again he has deliberately let our heroes approach him, accomplish their goals, and walk away unharmed, has established that he's the *opposite* of a threat, at least for right now.

...And lets face it. He'll probably be killed off the same episode he finally springs that *Big Plan he's Working On Right NOW (you're gonna love it we swear)*. This plan will be so complex and inescapable and glorious that Thrawn being assassinated by Kallus is the only way for our heroes to make it to season 4. It'll be very dramatic and artistically done. 
Thrawn has already seen Ezra's face. You would think he would recognize him. 
Sounds really promising. Also cool callback to the season 1 episode fighter flight, it's the same farmer dude that Ezra helped way back when escape from the Empire. Looks like he did not make it far on his own...
He better die. I know Rebels is a kid show, but there's nothing wrong with death in kid's shows. I know Stormtroopers get killed in it, but we need to see someome who actually has a face bite it. Thrawn has pretty much done nothing so far. Star Wars Explained even recognized that.
There are a whole lot of assumptions going on in this thread.
He's done this stuff before. 

Specific example: When Luke Skywalker escaped his grasp in the EU, Thrawn calmly walked down to the guy who was supposed to have him and asked for an explanation. He then went to this guy's superior, asked what was up, and then made an example of the guy who messed up. 

Corrected the error before it became a mistake as it were.

So here's the thing about why I'm upset with this Thrawn. He has not proved himself yet. Honestly, this should not be where we meet him. 

We should have met him in the new movies. 8, 9, so on so forth. 

What made Thrawn special was that he turned the defeat of the Empire around during the EU. The Empire was continually getting routed by the New Republic. Kept losing until they were considered a joke. But Thrawn came back, united certain cells of Imperials, and then moved towards restoring order. He showed how he could best an overwhelming force, plan engagements far ahead of schedule, and showed how he wanted to introduce a new Empire that was better than the old one. Thrawn was likable and had an amazing co-character with him in the form of Captain Pellaeon, who was kind of the Watson to Thrawn's Holmes. 

He would have been much better used in the new movies as this military genius who took the First Order and made them a force to be reckoned with. Made them more than fanatics. He'd have a unique look among the black clad officers as well, with his white uniform. 

But here, you don't see a grand strategy, or someone trying to establish something greater. He's perfectly content with things.  
No one gonna mention how the stormtrooper who says "Back in line" sounds like a clone? Cause imo it'd be cool to see some clone stormtroopers
A blind guy and the dude who infiltrated my HQ on Ryloth? They're definitely supposed to be here.
What bother me is this Ruthlessness is already what we are used to by other Imperial Officiers : public examples, non-logic kind-of-executions, etc ...

I would really prefer to see Thrawn being really special. I don't know him prior the Show (I'm still discovering the EU), but at this point, I just feel he makes some reference to its reputation (Quote on Art, Quote on how it's important to be smart), but on the terrain, it comes to something really generic.
The fact that he let Rebels escaped in the beginning of the season was something really special, but it would have been best if there is a pay-off to that setup.

Agent Kallus in its S1 run would have done pretty much the same thing as Thrawn in this preview (And to its justice, Kallus is now a way more interesting character than many others, and at this point I'm more interested in his development than in Thrawn's one).

I can't wait to see how thrawn lets the rebels escape!
I heard Thrawn captures the Ghost crew after a lengthy game of cat and mouse then beats Rex and Kanan's heads in with a barbed wire covered gaffi stick in front of the others to ensure their obedience.  True?
Grand Admrial Jigsaw 
Why is *Thrawn* picking on the little dude?? He was never that guy. The Empire is FULL of those guys; people who throw their weight around to make themselves feel powerful, but Thrawn was never one of those. It was one of those things that made him different. 

...This *has* to be a deliberate trap for Ezra, or something... well, not a "trap" in that it's designed to provoke a reaction, not hinder him in any way. Ezra will walk away with his "tiny victory" and Thrawn will say some version of, "yeeeessssss, all according to plan," because we aren't at the mid-season finale yet, and we have that many more episodes of dicking around to get through before our Legendary Chiss demonstrates exactly what HE can do that Tarkin or Krennic or one of the other "mastermind" imperials can't. 

...At least that's what I'm hoping for. Eventually. Maybe. I confess to not a lot of hope. 

...The fact that the dude has a Pellaeon 'stache is just salt in the wound. 


> In a galaxy jar, jar away

> jar, jar

They *knew*.
Found out today that arguably the most iconic posters for the Original Trilogy, were based off the concept illustrations of Tom Jung.

As seen with [both of these posters](https://blahmovies.files.wordpress.com/2010/07/star-wars-jung-hildebrandt3.jpg) for *Star Wars (1977)*.

The one on the left, done by Tom Jung. And the one the right, done later on by the Hildebrandt brothers. Lucas commissioned the brothers to make a promotional piece, drawing a lot of inspiration from Tom Jung''s piece.
Looks like Luke is embracing Ben there.

Never seen this before though, this is amazing
Rogue one is literally going to end where ANH begins. Tarkin would be the exact same age. That being said, while I'd love Dance I'm an imperial role, maybe a member of the Imperial council or something, I don't think he'd be a good fit for Tarkin 
He should play Tarkin's uncle Jovah if they ever needed that character in a tv show or something. I can see him being of relation to Tarkin, but not the man himself.
He would be a great Star Wars villain but not Tarkin.
Dance would have made a great choice, but his age sets him out I think. In Rogue One I think they wanted someone a little younger. Dance is about the same age as Cushing was in ANH? Would have killed it though.
Maybe not Tarkin but he would be a phenomenal villain in any other movie. He is an awesome actor and this would be a great move. Maybe episode 9? Kanjiklub leader or something?
No. And the reason why, for me, is that one of the great things about Star Wars is the fact that they use unknown actors and actresses. When you put famous people in the movies, it detracts from the experience. The Han Solo movie is going to be difficult to enjoy with all the celebrity power coming. Don't get me wrong, I love Donald Glover (and think he will play a fantastic Lando) and I enjoy Emilia Clarke but I don't want to be sitting there, watching the movie and thinking about Community and Game of Thrones. The Force Awakens had similar problems as did the prequel trilogy. Daisy Ridley and John Boyega are great because I didn't know them. But when it came to Snap Wexley (Greg Grunberg), I couldn't think of anything but "Heroes" when I saw him on screen.
Vader sneezing would sound scary
At least it doesn't look "like E.T. with a bra" 


https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWars/comments/5f526r/took_me_way_too_long_to_identify_this_character/
Very Undertale.
Looks like Sans from Undertale
Or the guy from Undertale.
Friend? Looks like a twin brother. I may just be tired, but you guys look so alike

also: Great costumes!
Did you have a higher ground? 
That's great! Where did you get the costume?
Should have gone as X0 and X1, or clone troopers.
I also wanna know where you got the costume! Is it the one off of amazon?
Is that the arena there by the Tyne? It's been years since I've been there, but I grew up in Teesside.
Neat costumes!

Did you make them yourselves?

If not, where did you get them?
Anakin grew a beard.
Where did you get your belts? I got an Anakin costume, but the belt and fabric behind it is too small :/
Was it a diy?...if not, what tunic set did you buy? I'm looking for an Ob1 now actually
Tell you what they can do. 

They can take the Jedi Protagonist from the previous movie and have them train and learn about the force with a Wise Old Jedi Master. This Jedi Master is in exile on a remote planet by himself because a pupil of his turned to the Dark Side and destroyed the Jedi Order. By doing this, his pupil became the Dark Lord Villain of the current Trilogy, and its up to the Wise Old Jedi Hermit to build up the Protagonist to be someone who can stop him (possibly to help turn him back to the Light Side), and overthrow the leader of the Army they are fighting against 

Meanwhile, the Dark Lord Villain from the previous movie is tasked by his Leader to go after this protagonist and possibly attempt to turn them to the Dark Side, and the evil army wants to launch a revenge attack on the rag tag band of dissenters who destroyed their Destructive Space Station from the previous movie
Well, the New Republic is definitely not in good shape after the destruction of Hosnian Prime.

Also, filming has completed, so it's a little late for pleas. 

Rian Johnson is an exceptional presence in the film industry, I'd wager this film is in good hands. 
I've expressed many times that I'll be disappointed as hell if the New Republic is virtually gone and we're just stuck with The Resistance. I want huge battles like the Battle of Coruscant throughout the new films between The First Order and the NR. I also have a small shred of hope that the New Jedi aren't really dead, but it seems like they really are. The trilogy will hopefully be about restoring them. Seems like it will be based on the dialogue in TFA.
Luke says "Rey I am not your father"
Someone asked Pablo Hidalgo about ships from different worlds and he hinted we would see them in a movie (he has since deleted this tweet, here's the Reddit discussion https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWars/comments/473kck/interesting_replay_i_got_on_twitter_from_pablo/).  

Rian Johnson had the political make up of the New Republic added to Bloodline which strongly implies that those political parties will play a part in VIII.  

Leia was dressed more like a Senator than a general at the end of TFA.  

All of this would suggest that the New Republic still has a part to play in this story.  

Also I think Rey's scenes with Luke are going to be less focused on her training and more focused on her helping Luke with whatever he went looking for at the First Temple.  
TFA did include a number of elements from TESB (snow planet, father confrontation and fall into abyss, cave vision, etc). So simply from the standpoint of story beats, hopefully there will be room for new things in VIII, although I do expect some Luke/Yoda parallels and who knows, maybe some homage to Cloud City.

AS far as the state of the galaxy, yeah, I do hope that the 'actual' New Republic figures in, and that the good guys are not the smaller faction yet again.
I would like to see the current political situation after the destruction of Hosnian. A large scale space battle would be awesome as well.
I'll just be happy as long as the Max Rebo Band doesn't show up
The New Republic won't be dead. If most (all?) the U.S. naval fleet and Air Force was stationed at Washington, D.C. and it was all wiped out in a single strike, it'd be a massive blow, sure, but it wouldn't immediately destroy the whole country.
No, they can also make it be a personal conflict - or largely personal conflict framed by war - instead of a war. 
I mean...if the fan theories about certain characters are actually true, there is no way they won't rehash the rest of the OT...

That being said, I think they know some were disappointed with the Starkiller Base.  So if they decided to pull a Jedi and give us the fifth movie in the story to focus on a super weapon like that a lot of fans would 'give up' too.
What works for worldbuilding may not work for a film

A second superpower put our heroes in a position of power and a giant SAFE ZONE from the villians


Thus creating reduced tension
I hope for some big, BIG, dogs fights in space, we need that big clash in space, like in the intro to revenge of the Sith (that scene still holds up)

I really hope that not all of Luke's Jedi died, but some fleet, we need a big force of Jedi and Sith, we haven't gotten that yet. 
"Rey, I KILLED your father!" - Luke
You can see it only for a split second just after the 2nd thunder.
Ya,  it is unknown at this time.   
Guess it's either the temple, a ship, or the tree.
Maybe we'll find out in a year
My money is on an Episode 8 trailer playing during the Superbowl. No real reason, just a hunch. 
No Ep 8 stuff before Rogue One in my opinion. It would steal its thunder. Feb or March when Rogue One has had it's run, then we can focus on Ep 8 full steam ahead.
It would be a good time to do that.  But I don't think it'll happen.
It won't happen. Disney won't take away from Rogue One's marketing which is exactly what Episode 8 will do. TFA's marketing was different because it was the "return" of Star Wars so they could start teasing it a year in advance. They can't do that anymore because it will now overlay with whatever the current movie out in theaters is. They will start teasing Episode 8 once Rogue One is out on Blu-Ray/DVD, just like the Rogue One's marketing started a few days after TFA came out on Blu-Ray/DVD. They will most likely show the first teaser or at least title during Celebration in 2017.
That first teaser trailer is perfection. It made me relax as a fan and go, "Ahhh.....Star Wars is in good hands. Thank God."
I'm guessing April will be the first trailer and title reveal. The Force Awakens was the big return of the franchise, so its no surprise they started the teasers early. 
This original trailer is a special beast. How many trailers get an original composition by John Williams. 
I think they'll wait until after Rogue one to start dropping teasers for episode 8, hopefully while it's still in theaters though because I'm dying to see anything from episode 8!
This trailer dropped about a week after my wedding.

I had been a huge Star Wars fan as a child and as teenager, but hitting my 20s', it had dwindled and simmered down. My wife was aware that I was a fan, she hadn't seen SW before and we always  had planned a marathon, but never got around to it.

So life was fine and dandy, I proposed to her in 2013 and got married a year later. So after the wedding, this trailer drops and it's like I came out of the dark ages for SW.
I've never seen such a thing happen but it'd be amazing if an Episode 8 trailer aired alongside Rogue One in theatres. That'd make the whole movie hype from previews to credits.
>Because to me, the most inexcusable fault with the Star Wars prequels was equating the Dark Side of The Force with the weakness of falling in love. Just stew on that for a moment. Anakin becomes the preeminent badass of the galaxy because he commits the sin of falling in love? That goes against everything that the original trilogy stood for!

Here's a big flaw in your reasoning. Anakin didn't fall to the dark side because he fell in love. He fell to the dark side because he was selfish.

*He* couldn't live without Padme. *He* couldn't let her go. He doesn't understand that loving someone sometimes means letting them go. You could argue that Anakin was trying to save Padme's life, and that would be a noble deed, but the irony is that she wouldn't have died if her never took Palpatine's side. 

In *Return of the Jedi*, Anakin redeems himself, and his actions were motivated by his love for his son. But the difference is that this was a self*less* love. He knew his actions would result in his death but he doesn't care because it means that his son, who Anakin has come to love, would live on. His love for Luke isn't possessive, like his love for Padme. There was an aspect of mutual respect that seemed to be missing from Anakin's relationship with Padme.

The old Jedi didn't disapprove of love and romance, they disapproved of the attachment to that person. They understand that life is a precious gift that doesn't last forever. They have accepted that all things eventually move on, and that spending too much time grieving for someone or something they have lost robs them of their own precious time in the world. They feel it is foolish because all things become part of the Force when they move on and therefore they will always be a part of the individual in some way. They aren't truly gone. 
>Because to me, the most inexcusable fault with the Star Wars prequels was equating the Dark Side of The Force with the weakness of falling in love. Just stew on that for a moment. Anakin becomes the preeminent badass of the galaxy because he commits the sin of falling in love? That goes against everything that the original trilogy stood for! Only through their love and the sacrifices that come with it do our heroes succeed.

This is just completely wrong. Anakin falls to the Dark Side because of his desire to stop those he loves from dying, not just from falling in love itself. This is mirrored in Empire when Luke is urged not to go to Cloud City to save his friends and make the same mistake. 
>Really this is the only Star Wars movie that contains absolutely zero romantic entanglements of any kind.

Disagree. If there is a romantic entanglement in The Phantom Menace or A New Hope (besides the two seconds of screentime that Uncle Owen and Aunt Beru shared), I am missing it.

There were no established romantic relationships in these films. "Romantic entanglements" did not occur until halfway through the second installments of each respective trilogy. 

You might argue that the subtext for Anakin and Padme was established in The Phantom Menace or that there were allusions to Han and Leia in Episode IV, but said "entanglements" were not obvious to newcomers upon first viewings of these films (before each trilogy had been completed). It's very likely that you will be able to look back to The Force Awakens and see the sparks of whatever relationship(s) they follow through with upon viewing Episodes VIII and IX. I find it highly unlikely that there will be no romance at all, given the importance of love and human bonds to the saga overall.

Edit: Just to clarify, what I am saying is that although there is no established romance in TFA (just like there was not in TPM or ANH), seeds of whatever romance(s) the writers will pursue have been planted in TFA and like the two trilogies before TFA, said seeds will become obvious as the sequel trilogy unfolds.
I'm not going to comment on the rest of your post.  But:

>Romantic love has no representation in this film **and I know everyone wants it**

Speak for yourself, please.
The Blu-ray Versions , thank you very much .
The George Lucas cut. Best edit there is. Honorable mention to that one edit of RotS that takes the deleted scenes about the formation of the Rebellion and edits them back in but is otherwise untouched.
They're fine the way they are in my opinion.
I for some reason have not found an edit. I'm interested in seeing how fans would want to "fix" the prequels.  
Does anyone know where they are at?
The Oblivion Edit. In which each prequel's runtime is edited down to 0.0.0. It's a blast. 
Blackened Mantle.

It has its issues, it doesn't redeem the prequels in my eyes, it isn't a "Star Wars"-y edit and doesn't even pretend to fit the style of the franchise, and it's still unmemorable and boring. But it's very watchable, and, surprisingly, it made all characters relatable, well made and well written.  Even the acting was heavily improved, thanks to the japanese dub used.
We *do* have upcoming movies in the sidebar. It's right there. 18 days.
Good luck!
Lets hope for the best this one.

This ones the last hope
There's been a bunch of these, and usually they last for a couple months, there's some drama with the admins, and it goes away. =/
sigh ... is JTL worth suffering through the NGE again?

Edit: Down voters, I'm genuinely curious to hear why you disagree with my opinion on the NGE
The video didn't work for me
I'm a graphic designer and was working on a promotional campaign for a local movie theatre. I came up with this design but it ended up needing significant changes (due to Disney's strict "likability" policy) so I decided to make it into a concept poster.

Feedback/comments are greatly appreciated!
Is that a moon? 
You should make the top words a bit brighter but not to bright. Other than that it looks good!
I like it, very good. 
>  to help me to appreciate that this is Star Wars and not some (very skilled) fans' approximation of it?

Isn't basically the entire Lucasfilm story group comprised of people who were there before George sold to Disney? It's not like George wrote everything that happened in Star Wars prior. They would just write it and George would say "yeah that's a good idea". 

And Kasdan was 1/2 of the writers for the TFA Screenplay. The same guy who wrote Empire and Jedi. 
As you can see by many replies, many of us feel that way.

Forgive me for generalizing, but I think that a Venn diagram of Star Wars fans would have two circles that overlap very little:  one circle representing Prequel fans and one circle representing TFA fans.

I feel like you, and am also a prequel fan.  I think that even if I didn't know that Lucas was not involved in TFA, I would feel it.  The movie is far different from the rest of the saga, and in many structural ways.

I do believe Kathleen Kennedy and Pablo Hidalgo who say that TFA evolved like any movie would, from the original outline provided by Lucas.  But obviously only the bare bones were used, because the structure underlying the plot feels foreign to Star Wars - in my opinion, of course.

Fact is, TFA relies on Abrams' love of the Mystery Box.  But none of the other saga movies did.  Although probably the biggest reveal in movie history is Vader's in ESB, but the audience did not know it was coming.  The OT and PT didn't play a game of telegraphing audiences that there are secrets to be revealed later.  That's what LOST did, and what Star Trek Into Darkness did, and many of Abrams' productions did.  

Also, all of Lucas's films had a clear beginning, middle, and end.  TFA has a marvelous beginning - I freakin' love a lot of the first act.  I wonder if that's because that's where the most of Lucas's outline's bones are showing.  But the moment Rey and Finn lift off of Jakku, the movie devolves into a mess.  And in my humble opinion, the mess is a direct product of attempting to hint and hide secrets from the audience.  The first act feels like Star Wars to me:  it's earnest and simple and moves along the Hero's Journey's path with confidence.  Then a messy second act, which is capped by a very familiar third act, and then an almost literal cliffhanger.  Yes, the macguffin was resolved, but it had almost no relation to the plot except the very beginning.  

Anyway, I'm sure many folks disagree with my analysis, and probably no one wants to read many paragraphs detailing one fan's psychoanalysis, so I'll stop here.
Personally I have them divided into eras. The OT/original EU I keep in one pocket with the prequels being their thing and the sequels/spin-offs being another. They tie together loosely. It helps me look at them on their own. I wish it was more tight and consistent but it is what it is. It's a bit easier for me to lump the prequels with the OT since I was born into the prequels essentially, but they're very different in terms of style and feel. I think that's what took me out of TFA the most. It wasn't that it was bad, it was that it didn't feel like anything previous in the Star Wars universe (aside from the story itself but I mean in terms of the effects and the way it was filmed). After a while maybe we'll look back on TFA and have a new fondness for it and it'll be easier to look at in the completed picture? Time will tell. Could also be that Star Wars has taken over everything now. You can't go anywhere without seeing it. Perhaps once it becomes more consistent and the hype of it being back dies down, it'll be easier to enjoy.
I feel the exact same way about the nu trek movies.
Couldn't agree more.  
I also felt detached from the new movie. It didn't feel like it was a continuation of the Star Wars story, even though it had many of the same characters. It was sort of sad to see everyone older too. I didn't really dig it I know what you mean. Especially after years and years of reading the novels and establishing the events that followed ROTJ.

There are lots of people who agree with you, but you won't find many on this forum.  

I think it's a generational thing to be honest. Many of the older fans grew up on all of the EU novels where as many of the younger Star Wars fans didn't. I think that plays a big role in how you link TFA to the original trilogy.
In my opinion TFA didn't feel like episode VII. It felt like a tribute/remake/reboot. 

If nothing else, the prequels still felt like they all fit into the same story and did a good job of portraying a different era before the Empire. 

However, I don't think you should be worried about Rogue One. It looks like it will not only connect perfectly to ANH, it also appears to be way more creative than TFA. 
> they feel like visitors to the universe, rather than true inhabitants.

For me, this was the part that they really nailed. I feel like the number one directive of this movie (creatively speaking) was to establish the new characters. I feel like plot, to an extent, was sacrificed for that goal. 

I also believe that they were really successful at establishing these new characters. They were a good mix of our old heroes, but brought a lot to the table. My favorite new character is Kylo Ren. Visually, his look is very striking. His voice (with the mask) is perfect - better than Vader for me. I really like that he's kind of a screw-up. He keeps screwing things up through this movie and we see him have those moments of pure frustration with himself. He's very powerful with the Force. Despite what a lot of other people think, he's pretty damn badass. I just think he's a great successor to Vader. Whereas Vader was a representation of the fears of the Cold War era (the big faceless monolithic man coming to destroy you with his empire), I think Kylo  more represents the feats of today (the misguided dude who doesn't live up to expectations and goes and does something terrible in public).
Pretty much.  To me, the new SW trilogy is just the Hunger Games in Space.  

Clean and good looking young adults who can solve everything without much guidance from their elders (was Han really even needed in that film?).

That said, I feel that Rogue One looks and feels like Star Wars, at least from the trailers.  

For one, we seem to have establishing shots to show off the landscape.  This is the Kurosawa and Sergio Leone influence that permeated Lucas's SW and was missing from TFA.  Likewise, this gives breathing room for the music to shine through ala the twin sunset scene or end of ESB (also missing in TFA).  Long establishing shots are what invites us into the SW universe.

Two, we got characters of various ages and backgrounds.  Seems like everyone will play an important role in getting those plans.  It's not just one character who can do everything.  A diverse group of people will come together and pool in their knowledge/expertise and work off one another.

Third, we get that gritty look back.  SW isn't Star Trek.  It needs a futuristic, rundown look.  I guess TFA was okay with this but maybe things went too smooth to notice it.  It wasn't like Han trying to fix his ship or Luke needing to fix the droids.

For example, Rey should be scavenging for junk and then, comes across Finn.  In this way, we know her role as a dirt poor scavenger (#2) and thus, the two develop a bond.  Maybe she's trying to repair the Falcon or something (#3), which would show rather than tell that she wants to get off the planet.  And then, Finn knows how to fly (#2) due to some flight knowledge back during Basic stormtrooper training.

See?  That would feel more SW than Finn saying "Droid please" (because he's black.....) or Rey chasing him for no reason until they stumble on the Millennium Falcon of all the billions of ships in the galaxy.
If you don't mind me saying, I'm having a hard time understanding the problem if you've really followed Star Wars in the last 40 years. I mean, there's 6 movies signed by Lucas, one of them barely so, but all the rest is part of the now-called Legends. If it was such a problem, how could you enjoy all the stuff that came aside from the movies? 

Is it the fact that Lucas has basically disvowed these movies, or is there a difference between the fans that wrote them now and the fans that wrote the comics, the book and worked on the games before?
Center in my theater for a 10PM showing on opening night.
IMAX 3D. Dec 15th, 7pm. Grauman's Chinese Theater in Los Angeles, right where it all started. 
Got great seats for 3d showing (not imax) there were only 6 seats taken at the time. 
Then asked my wife on a date a day later 


She said, "yuss"
Friday the 16th at 7:30 in IMAX 3D at the Cineplex in Langley, Canada. Right in front of the screen at row C but that won't matter. First ever opening night for a star wars film!!!
Same as TFA, will be walking up last minute to get tickets opening night, first showing.

There were so many theaters and screens open here in Southern California, you could go over and over and get a seat each time. And they still set records. I'm very happy they are releasing it under these parameters, there is no reason to miss opening night. 
Just got my tickets to DEC 15th 9:30 3D at Cinemark OH!
Got my tickets for 7:00 PM (Dec 15th) in 2D in Erie, PA. Still deciding on how early to line. No reserved seats so I'm assuming I'll be lining up hours beforehand lol.
7:30, 2D here in Vegas on 12/15. Will be my first Star Wars movie I'll see on opening night. Hopefully the energy will be crazy! Makes the experience so much better
Just got mine 7pm December 15th near Cleveland, Ohio
Got some 7:00PM December 15th 4th row with powered recliners! Can't wait!
I struggled between IMAX 3D and Dolby Cinema. I went with IMAX 3D.
December 15th at 7:30 pm 3rd row from the screen at the Regal Wilder 14
IMAX 3D at the Tallahassee AMC 20 on Thursday night!!!
Got mine for 8 on the 15th at the AMC in Muncie, IN. Same place I saw TFA. Might try and see it in IMAX after, since I missed the last one in that format. 
I got mine today as soon as I woke up. November 17 real 3D XD 
Fuck yeah. 9:50 PM, Dec. 15th at the AutoNation IMAX in downtown Ft. Lauderdale. None of that bullshit LIEMAX like you get at Regal cinemas. 6 stories of 4K IMAX Laser 3D Star Wars, baby.
Front row middle of the first nights imax 3d, kill me
Canadian here, I just got my ticket for Thursday, December 15th at 10:15 p.m. with the AVX 3DBOX chair thing at my local Silver City/ Cineplex. 

I ended up talking to a manager there after I bought my ticket and he said the seats are just being installed here. Having never tried these types of seats, I really hope it will be an enjoyable experience for Rogue One.  
Argentinian here! Got mine for the 15th, 1am on IMAX 3D. I destroyed my F5 key refreshing the MovieTicket site for 2 hours til they allowed us to buy the tickets.
Got em! Seeing it twice on opening night at 7:30 and 10:30!
Got my tickets for the 15th, first time seeing a movie this soon so excited.
Got my tickets for Sunday, Dec 18th last night. With work, I can make either the 15th nor 16th. Have tickets for the Capitals/Montreal hockey game on the 17th. So looks, like I'll be going offline for a few days but at least I'm going to see it much sooner than I did TFA.
Scored 6 tickets to the 7:00PM 70mm iMAX at the Franklin Institute in Philly.  So pumped.
Got tickets to the 10:15 showing at the AMC in Times Square, NYC. I can't wait!!
Imagine if IMAX laser had HDR then maybe it can match dolby vision picture quality and get closer to resolution of IMAX 70mm when presented at 1:43 
I got Friday night in IMAX Laser 3D at the Chinese Theater, and Sunday afternoon in 70mm 2D at Citywalk. Better haul than Black Friday.
Got tickets for IMAX Laser 3D at 7pm on 12/15 and tickets for 12/16 at 9:20pm in Dolby Cinema 2D. May go a 3rd time for OW if I really enjoy it.
If Imax's site was crashing for you, check the opening night again. It said it was all full, then an hour later they were mostly empty due to everyone not being able to load the checkout.
I plan on getting tickets to see it over the weekend when I get some cash. I always see movies in 2D as 3D strained my eyes.
Tickets now booked for the 15th (here in Scotland) :)
Anyone know number of days between the Europeans see it vs the North Americans? Spoilers!
My local AMC that I usually go to because of the reserved seats (there are 3 in town with Digital IMAX) had the IMAX showings immediately red out

I settled for another IMAX that doesn't have reserved seats last night/this morning... didn't get my stubs points or the credit card fee waived.. and was more expensive than the other one

Just checked Fandango again and my usual AMC finally had tickets up for sale.. hardly any seats taken.. maybe 4? So I got the seats I usually do for IMAX 3D and got a refund for the other purchase 

This was such a pain in the ass... I got lucky last year that I was able to get TFA tickets before the sites crashed
If you're in NYC, Cinepolis Chelsea (formerly Bowtie, on 23rd St) has a good number of seats left for their 11PM 12/15 showing! Got my ticket at around noon. 

Edit: Use Fandango though, for some reason they're not showing the seat reservation portion of the checkout process on their website. 
I was at the Laker game at the time the tickets were going to be up (thank the maker they had free wi-fi), and as soon as 9:01 PT hit, all of the tickets for the Thursday night showing at the Chinese Theater were gone.
Luckily I got great seats for the Arclight in Hollywood for Friday afternoon. I was hoping to experience Rogue One on opening night at the Chinese Theater though.
Got tickets for Dec 15th 7pm 2-D showing at 12:20am EST. Reserved Seating. Second Row from the back.
Got tickets for the 15th at 7:45pm, that was the earliest showing. Reserved seating, pretty much got my first choice of seats as I got them at like 12:05am this morning. Imax was only available in 3-D(which I hate) so I skipped it, but this theatre has dolby and stadium seating and all that so its still gonna be awesome.

Cannot wait!!!!
 Seeing it Thursday night in my hometown.  Ultra avx 3D! Honestly I felt like that year would never pass guys
Fandango crashed at 1201 am for me. Opened up in Incognito and managed to get everything through.  Front and center seats for 7pm on Thursday! 
I was there at 11:01. Am sitting far left right under screen. Fuck college internet
Just picked up four IMAX 3D premiere tickets for my local theater. Completely forgot they went on sale today. Looks like the demand is near as high as TFA (premiere tix sold out in less than 30 minutes for the same theater)
thursday at 7:30 (earliest our theater is showing it) for me! seeing in regular 2d, maybe imax for the second watch.
Got 5 for our local AMC Dolby theater at 7pm. WHEEEEEEEE
Got two tickets for 7:30 on thursday at my local Regal theater.

Looks like availability isn't an issue, but I'm considering buying a second set of tickets now in case it does sell out. 
I normally go to my local AMC Prime theater, but when tickets initially went on sale, they wouldn't sell tickets to the Prime theater. So I just went to bed and saw they were available this morning. Got 2 great seats for Dec 15th 
Got mine off the Cinemark website. It took about 10 minutes and I had no issues. 7:00 on Thursday just like I wanted and got the seat I wanted too, third row from the back because that's the best view in that theater.
So tickets apparently went on sale at 9:01pm PDT last night, and Fandango predictably crashed, but checking this morning it looks like I got all bent out of shape last night for nothing.  I could get tickets pretty much anywhere opening weekend.  I got a couple last night, but it was a complete mess.  Oh well.  I guess if anyone got frustrated and gave up last night, you should be able to get good seats this morning.  
I was able to get my tix for Thursday at 10:15pm. Earliest showing here in KC (OP area) was at 7:00, but since I had to reserve seats the only thing available was right in front of the screen. It will be a long workday on that following Friday but it will be worth it. 
Did anyone else get their tickets last night before midnight? I got an alert from the Star Wars Android app and I bought my tickets from Fandango at around 9 pm PST? I think they might have released I bit early and that's why people are seeing sold out already at midnight last night? Just a rough guess.
Got 10 tickets to the local theater. Can't wait! 

They serve pizza, beer, desserts, and they don't do 3D. It doesn't get better!
Does anyone recommend going 3D over 2D for first viewing or vice versa?
Just picked up a bunch of tickets for a group showing. Sunday @ 2PM baby!
Still plenty of showings for day 1 and 2 available near me.  Doesnt seem like it will be the same draw as the last one.
This time was more hectic for me. I think since TFA tickets went on sale like 30 minutes early, I got in before the huge rush of people. This time every website I tried to go to was down.

I ended up using the Fandango iOS app and got in. Got good seats for the 7pm, Thursday, 2D showing with Dolby Atmos. Pretty excited!
I didnt go as crazy for this one as I did for TFA (9 viewings in the first 3 days).

I only got 7pm Thursday, 8pm Friday and 11:30pm Friday for the 3D showing.

I can't explain why, but I'm going into this one cautious.
For some reason, the main Regal theater I usually go to has no showings of Rogue One until Friday, December 23rd.... What?
Got my Cinemark XD tickets for 7pm on December 15th. Didn't manage this for TFA and I know tickets weren't as coveted for this one, but I'm super pumped about it! Can't wait.
I clicked the buy tickets button right at midnight and was number 2500 in the queue. Still managed to score two tickets for 9:30 at Alamo with the glass. Not the absolute best seats, but still got them at Alamo!
What a shitshow. Every showtime near me said "sold out" instantly at 12:01, and throughout the night I only got more confused as every showtime through Jan 5 said it was sold out. I already suspected the site was glitching, but this was further proof.

Finally this morning at 9am I was able to get tickets, and about 80% of the theater was empty for the first IMAX showing, so they only just made them available to purchase now. It was a messy ride, but tickets are acquired!! 
AMC fucked up their website and tickets opened to guests before they opened to signed in reward members. So I missed out on first showing. Slightly bitter my first showing streak of like 7 movies (marvel + force awakens) is broken. 
12/15 at 7:00, standard 2D. It was the second theater of choice though, the first was totally sold out. I can't believe I didn't know about this earlier
12/15, 7 PM 3D IMAX. I was the first person to get tickets for my local theater judging by the map, so I got a prime choice of seats.
Bought 4 this morning from Fandango with no issues. Went standard Digital though, not a fan of 3D or even IMAX really. Get me that sweet sweet crystal clear 2D.
3D IMAX with great seats in a newly re-vamped movie theater with reclining couches!

So excited! They went on sale at exactly 12:01am, not surprised when I was the first one to pick seats and was not surprised when I checked 15 minutes later and the whole theater was sold out.
Got 2 tix for Thurs 7pm at the regular theater and 2 for 9:30am on Sunday at Cinemark XD.
Had to buy tickets for a group of 9. Alamo Drafthouse is always my go to theater but due to the dumb queue system they used, Thursday and Friday were booked when it was finally my turn around 12:45am. 

Ended up picking a different theater I've never been to before and got tickets for the Friday 10pm show. 
My local theatre has a showing at 7:00 pm on the 15th which happens to be my birthday, but I have a 3 hour exam the next day at 9:00 am, so instead I'm waiting till after my exam to see it in 2D.
2D 70mm IMAX on Thursday night! Seeing it at the Minneapolis zoo screen, I saw Interstellar there as well, its almost overwhelming to watch things on that screen, can't wait! 
I got tickets for the release night! This is a first for me.
Germany here, just got 3 tickets for me and my friends, Thursday midnight (12:00am CET) screening, so that's 06:00pm wednesday EST.

Thank god for timezones and thursday releases.
Let's see...  I had a nice nights sleep, woke up at 0630L, hit snooze three or four times, then finally got up at 0710L. I logged on and grabbed two tickets for the first Thursday showing at about 0715L. Sure glad I didn't stay up late last night! :P

I guess Star Wars isn't too crazy here.
I just happened to wake up from a dream at 12am on the dot, checked my phone and got tickets for 7pm on the 15th. 3d , I wish it was non 3d but that showing was already gone. Very happy though.
Woo!

7:10 on the 15th in 3D AVX
Picked up my tickets this morning on my phone while walking the dog. 7:00 p.m. in the official IMAX screen (or whatever the proper distinction is called) at my local museum!
In Germany as well. Bought one for the premiere in my city, 0:01 am on the 15th!
Thursday December 15th at 7pm in beautiful xd, whatever the fuck that is
Fandango kept crashing for me but was able to get 2 tix for the 10:45 showing here in ATL through the AMC website. Fandango was not ready for the load on their systems from what it seems.
Why was I able to easily get tickets for TFA the morning after they went on sale, but with Rogue One, everything is already sold out
Aussie that'll be on holidays in New York when it comes out - can I hold off and just try and get into a session when we get there? We are staying in Midtown but will probably travel wherever to get to a showing on the Friday morning if we can.
Got my 3 tickets this morning for AMC Prime dead center of the theatre. 17th can't come quick enough. 
Got my tix at 530 am 😎🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥😎
Was picking my not so great seats for IMAX 3D at TCL Chinese Theatre for the 15th when the app froze and I lost my seats then Fandango's website crashed so I went to AMCs website and was able to get 2 middle seats for City Walk IMAX 2D 70mm for the 17th so I guess I won't drink some bleach  
As of right now my Carmike theater has gone full retard and only has two 7pm viewings. 
I have to say I'm confused. What is the exact premiere date and time? Wiki says 16th (us), IMDB says 15th and my gf just got us tickets for wednesday 14th at 19:30. (europe)
I just bought 8 tickets to the 7pm screening (pst) and have bought a chewbacca pajama suit to wear to the movie. I wont be seeing imax, but for me, the best part is the audience participation when we see the scroll
Shit i havent kept up with this and didnt know it would happen today. Bummed because last year I got tickets for my family and me, and this time I only got two for me and my gf. Seats around us were taken so now if my brother/cousins get tickets they wont sit with us. Guess thats a downside to reserved seating but oh well, im excited!
German fan here. I just bought my tickets for an english language midnight screening. I am so unbelievably pumped! 
Welp, lads. My city's movie theatre is not pretty or fancy, but I am so stoked to have gotten tickets. My brothers and I will be watching the film in 2D on the first screening in our city. :-) My the force be with you all!
(germany) tickets were up 9 hours alrdy, still got the best seats on thursday 02pm (they even offered two midnightscreenings, but my brother is not old emough :( )
It was a battle and eventually had to accept fandango wouldn't be loading tickets for this theater (overcrowded attempts at getting its tickets I guess. every other theater was fine), but I managed to get 6 decent seats for Lincoln Square IMAX on 12/15 @ 7. Praise be unto amctheaters.com for bailing me out.
Tried to get tickets for the 10:45pm IMAX showing at my local theater last year for TFA for the premiere, I was 5 minutes late.

This year, got the 10:45pm IMAX tickets on the 15th, even though I went on an hour after they released.
FFS. I got up early to get the tickets only to see that my cinema had already released the tickets. Now i dont have the best tickets in the cinema for the premiere.
Got mine, luckily not going opening day because those things were sold out. I did luckily get to reserve the best seats. 
Downside to being in Japan - the tickets aren't on sale here yet. The upside is that the show is highly unlikely to be sold out. Nevertheless, I'll be getting a group together for what is rapidly becoming an end-of-year tradition.
I'm having a harder time getting these tickets than for TFA near me. Somehow all of the AMC theaters are sold out till or past Christmas. Doesn't make sense... 
Just picked mine up.
I got tickets for TFA in under a half hour.  I've been trying to get tickets for Rogue One for 2 and a half hours now.  This is ridiculous.

UPDATE: FINALLY GOT MY TICKETS!  It took 2 hours and 45 minutes but I finally acquired 3 tickets for December 15th at 8 pm.  Unfortunately, the seats aren't great but I'll take anything after that long ass wait.
That was way more painless than I thought it would be. Then again I'm not doing IMAX or anything crazy.
Rebellions are built on hope! Hope that the transaction on my card meant that I got tickets!
Wonder why Fandango didn't just turn the queue system on immediately instead of waiting for their servers to melt down. Queue system was able to get me through the process smoother.
There are only reserved seating theaters near me. 

The only seats available for purchased are for the handicapped. 

[This was my only possible reaction](http://img.pandawhale.com/post-39725-Darth-Vader-NO-gif-Imgur-Star-Ogwy.gif)
Transaction went through, no confirmation though. Been trying to figure out what's been going on for two hours. All going to be worth it to see Jyn steal some Death Star plans in glorious IMAX.
AMC isn't selling tickets at my location....grr...
[So this is how liberty dies...](http://i.imgur.com/BLqnRcF.jpg)
Already bought mine! Got a group of seven people going, this should be fun
First transaction didn't go through, but during the second transaction I got an email saying the first one worked, I caught the 11pm last year, but this time I got the first showing at 730! 

December 15th, 7:30pm, 2D, Revere, MA.  The seats are already picked so I don't have to worry about that.   
I initially bought tickets for a 10:30 PM showing on a theater's website after it showed the 7PM, 8PM, and 9PM shows as sold out. Then I was able to buy tickets to the 7PM show for the same theater through Fandango like 20 minutes later. Got better seats for an earlier show!
Spent $200 on Rogue One tickets. 

[Proof](http://i.imgur.com/jGyena6.jpg)

Got through and was able to buy TCL Chinese theatre IMAX 12/15 at 7pm, decent seats, and then immediately got 12/16 seats the the AMC Universal IMAX 70MM at 7:30 PM, best seats.
Finally got through and got decent seats to the 6PM showing on the 16th at my local IMAX. 

Of course, 10 mins after I get my tickets the 7PM and 10PM showings on the 15th suddenly are not "sold out" any longer. Ah well.
I bought a bunch of tickets for the regular theatre with my buddies but I made sure to treat myself (and my ears) to a second showing as well in Dolby Atmos while relaxing in a luxury recliner seat. http://imgur.com/a/qXsdZ
Best way to see this is in Dolby cinema, pointless 70mm not IMAX scenes :( just to huge black bars on top and bottom of the IMAX screen, pointless, plus it was shot digitally and being shown on film is pointless, got tickets for Dolby Cinema super excited!!
If anyone's still having trouble with Fandango's site, try the app. I got in and out pretty quickly with it after the site timed out on me
Galaxy crashed instantly after they went on sale. Said fuck it and rushed to the actual theater to buy them in person. They too were having server issues. 

However, I managed to get them them for Thursday 7:15!
Uhh AMC website has the showtime in red bolder letters and I can't click on it. Am I screwed?
Congrats guys, we've crashed AMC and Fandango so far!
Got em within a minute from Fandango! Stooooked! IMAX 3d Thursday at 7, because I'm an adult and can do what I want.
Ugh, Fandango is timing out for me and my friends - can't load the page to buy!

Going to attempt to get the Thursday night showing at 10pm, IMAX here in Atlanta.

Edit: Finally got the website to load, 3 seats right in the middle of the theatre secured.
What a whirlwind of emotions that was. 

I was the designated ticket buyer (i.e. I'm the only one who can stay up this late on a Sunday) and tried to get as many tickets for my friends by having a million tabs with different means of getting them. First site, 7 locked down in good seats. While order processes, page crashes. Second site. 5 in a row, good enough, order processed, just have to hit confirm... Timeout. At this point, I would accept three, or 2 really, together. Now no pages at all will load. I actually think I failed at this point. Finally try one last time and, by some miracle, get 5 together. Relief washes over me as I then jump back in queue and end up getting 2 more next to the original 5. All very close to the screen, but at least we'll all be together! Feeling really lucky, but I almost pulled my hair out for a minute there.
Paul Yanover, the CEO of Fandango is now my sworn mortal enemy. First TFA now Rogue One. Why do you hate me so much Paul?
Either fandango/movietickets/etc. are fucked, or someone ran a bot to grab tickets at my two local theatres.  All showings for the entire opening weekend are sold out.  WTF.
What about Canada? 

Got them on Cineplex took a while but it is working 
Fandango wasn't working so I went to the AMC theatres website and booked them there. I had to confirm, wait for the timer to elapse and then click confirm again, but finally it did go through and I see the tickets in my account. Not quite as many hoops as I had to jump through for TFA.
Took over an hour but got my first showing tickets! Ironically the same exact seats I had last year. Whew! 70mm!
Ticket Wars: Episode II

^iOS ^Maps ^Strikes ^Back

*About 20 minutes ago, in the American Midwest...*

Panic! Tickets have gone on sale for the second new **Star Wars** movie of this generation. Theater and ticket websites are hopeless to handle the weight of millions of voices crying out for seats, and their webpages are suddenly silenced.

Fearing the cause is lost, our heroes race to the newly built **IMAX theater** nearby, desperate to acquire tickets. But to their dismay, iOS Maps takes them to the middle of fucking nowhere and tells them it's their destiny-ation.

Fucking pissed off, our heroes have to hastily pull up the map on google as they reroute. Arriving at the theater long after tickets have opened up, the pickings are slim. But the Force is with them, and they land two seats for the 11 PM showing on Dec. 15 in IMAX 3D.

Returning home tired, and still feeling somewhat beaten, our heroes have learned some valuable lessons about trying to buy Star Wars tickets online, and fucking Apple Maps.
[The Alamo website says "Rouge One"](http://i.imgur.com/2VKED5b.png)
So this queue system for buying tickets online w/ Alamo Drafthouse... All I saw was that the tickets would be on sale at 11:01 CST, so I went on the site at 11:00 not even sure what would happen if I got on a minute early. Only to find that this put me in a virtual line with 2600+ people ahead of me. Now the screening I wanted to get into is already sold out and I have no idea when I'll get to see the movie. I feel like this could have been made a bit more clear.
...and Canada!

"North America" includes us :)
Don't want to be a debby downer but is anyone else pissed? I was refreshing Fandango, AMC, and movietickets.com from 11:55pm Eastern and on. No sites properly loaded until like 12:10pm. By then, somehow the 7pm showtime I wanted (I'm in NYC) was sold out. The 3D 8pm showtime had almost no seats left (only front 2 rows). 

I didn't actually get in and buy tickets I was OK with until 12:45am. It took me an hour. It was really just a terrible experience. Some theaters said they had showtimes available but then I'd click on them and it would say "no showtimes available for this theater." Others would say available but then sold out.


AYYYYYYYYYYYYY just got 4 IMAX 3D tickets for 1015 showing on 12/15...for $84!

Jesus ticket prices are brutal
There is a 97.6% chance of Fandango failing to keep their website running smoothly for people.
I've been trying to buy tickets for nearly an hour.  Every website for every local theater is crashing.  Got through to seat selection once but the timer timed out before the page would let me do anything.  This is frustrating...
Try the app! Said sold out on my computer, but I bought 6 with my phone after a good 3 minutes of panicking looking at my computer. 
Cinemark site is trashed
7 PM. 3D. ATMOS sound. Right in the smack dab middle.

Absolutely perfect. SO CLOSE! MAY THE FORCE BE WITH YOU ALL IN YOUR FIGHT FOR TICKETS! :D
I'm in Australia and tickets went on sale this morning our time. 

My tickets are for 12:01am on Thursday 15th (effectively Wednesday night). 

I've not seen anyone buying tickets for a midnight screening, doesn't this happen in the US?
Fandango should have been ready. Same stuff happened last year with TFA.

Thankfully the app wasn't trash and I nabbed 12/16 9AM IMAX 70mm 2D tix
Well, I didn't get midnight premiere tickets :/ I did get Friday ones at 7:30 though.

Damn it Minnesota 
Got December 15 IMAX tickets....can't wait. I'm shaking in anticipation...seriously ;)
Got em!
Damn, Fandango is crashing like crazy. 
Anyone else having trouble with fandango?
Fandango is complete garbage.  Just sayin'.
I am going to cry
They are on sale in Canada too! Got my passes! 
If you're stuck in Fandango's horrid queue, try buying directly from the theater online. I bought from AMC's website after the 15th time my purchase crashed on Fandango.

Good luck.


Woooo got tickets for Dec 15 at 7pm! Didn't have to wait too long in line on Fandango for them :) I'm soo excited!!
most of the NYC theaters in AMC are showing up with showtimes in red? It doesn't let me click on them, plus besides 3D showtimes, they are all early morning with no regular times. Anyone know if these are all the times, or if this will be fixed soon? Is it worth it to wait up and keep checking to see if more are added or no?
Shout out to my local (real) IMAX for doing tickets through their own website. One of my friends bought tickets for our whole group within two minutes! 7 PM Thursday!
Two seats reserved for the Thursday, 7 pm IMAX 3D! It took a bit of refreshing but I finally got two tickets! :)
I got mine for the Warren in Moore, OK. 

At least I think I did. My card was charged and I received a transaction ID and auth code. 
Got my tickets at Arclight, first showing of the night :)
Aww yee! Server kept crashing but got 'em on mobile. 7:00 on 12/15 in NYC Times Square, 3D or 4DX, idk. $60 for two tickets. What is this nonsense.
I went to a Harkins theater myself an hour before they went on sale online and I was able to get them right at the box office! Manage to miss all the online madness. Thank you Harkins Theaters! 
Santikos website is throwing errors, I'm #5629 "in queue" on the Alamo Drafthouse website, but I purchased them for Alamo Drafthouse on Fandango.  So weird.

Edit : santikos now working, bought some for that Saturday 
I got mine! This will be my first time seeing any movie opening night. I'm so excited! 7:00pm on that Thursday!
I seem to have bought tickets for a "4DX" showing, which actually does involve a sort of Smell-O-Vision, along with seats that vibrate in tandem with the action. It wasn't my preference but it was what I could get.
WTF "This purchase does not qualify to have the convenience fee waived."  I have amc stubs premiere, what gives?!?!? 
So am I a moron or can you not get tickets a week after opening day? Trying to get tickets for Xmas weekend but all I see is "Sing 3D" ....:(
That was intense. I lost my tickets like 10 times from  fandango and movietickets.com crashing on me. Finally got them after 24 minutes of trying.  That was worse than trying to get NIN tix. 
And I got them!  First tickets in my showing too, we got the best seats in the house.
PSA: If Fandango bounces your credit card over and over, checkout with PayPal! It kept canceling my purchase last minute, but when I used PayPal it went through right away.
THURSDAY AT TIMES SQUARE 3D IMAX
SATURDAY AT TIMES SQUARE 4DX

HYPE AF
anyone ever try 4D before?
Cineplex Canada dropped the ball.  Nothing was up at 12:01 EST.
They spent a good 30 min updating their site with all the showings.

Finally got Montreal, and the Imax showings only to find December 16th only.  Grabbed 9 tickets for 7:30 show.  Find out afterwards they finally posted December 15th early show, which was all sold out.

You had one freaking job Cineplex!!! At least I got tickets for "opening" night.
I had way more trouble getting tickets this time around. Last year I was able to snag tickets immediately, but this year it felt like every site was crashing, and when I was able to get through every one was sold out within minutes. But after lots of refreshing and multiple devices, I was able to snag some! Let the hype begin, and may the force be with you!
Oddly enough I didn't have too much trouble with AMC's website.  Fandango initially didn't load, crashed, and then went up to a 46 minute wait time (over an hour as I type this).

The only oddity with AMC's site was the full showtimes didn't appear at first, not until ~10 minutes or so after the 12:01 AM gate.  A few page refreshes at that point and I could breeze through the process.  I'm only guessing but it would appear I got through before people realized the pages were fixed.
Why the hell aren't any theaters in Northwest Arkansas showing any times? We have AMC and Malco. AMC shows times everywhere else in Arkansas and surrounding states!
After 45 minutes on the Cinemark site I finally got my tickets for December 15th at 7pm! I'm so pumped!
You would think that after what happened with TFA that these ticket sites would increase their server capacity, or do SOMETHING!

I could not believe that after 45 minutes of trying to get through, I was able to get fantastic seats on opening night!
Got mine for the 15th at the Disney Springs AMC in ETX! So glad they do reserved seating for all showings now. Can't wait for opening night!
7pm showing at my local theater in 2d for Thursday, December 15. Seriously can't wait.

Will do 3d in imax at a later time.
ICON Theaters works after 45 mins, and I still got some amazing center middle seats at a 7:00 Friday showing. IMAX will not work for me. Darn. 
Alright I think fandango was broken. Theatre near me with 30 showtimes on Thursday and Friday said sold out when I was constantly refreshing and trying to get in for 40 minutes
took like 30 minutes but i got center seats in XD, compared to shitty seats in 3D last year. i've never participated in a supreme or palace drop but i assume this is what it feels like
They are also on sale in Germany now and I was able to snack a decent seat in the screening in English! I'm so damn happy about it and it covers the fact that I have to go there alone.
Got my tickets for 12/15 at 9pm! Arclight Cinemas ran pretty smoothly for checking out tickets. 
Was able to get my tickets for the 7pm IMAX 3D showing at my local AMC theater through the AMC website. I had to try and process it twice to get the purchase to go through, so it looks like I may end up double charged for it. If so, I'll have to see if I can get reimbursed for it. But, I'm glad that I at least have my tickets all set because there weren't many seats left available.
After over an hour of refreshing Fandango, I finally got thru to the showing at Metreon SF. Literally every single seat was available for the first imax showing. Don't give up guys! 
Oh my fucking god, fandango originally showed all showings at my theater as sold out for five days, but then i came back an hour later to see that tickets for opening day were available and i snagged 7pm opening day imax tickets!!!!!!! I need to pinch myself because my luck is never this good.
Got the PERFECT seats for the IMAX at Lincoln Square in Manhattan for the 7:00 Thursday showing. Can't believe I actually got through in time since that theater in particular gets scalped like crazy for big movie events like this and I'm also super excited to see it on the new IMAX Laser projector they installed a few weeks ago. Really happy too since I have to head out of town on Friday so Thursday was my only option.
Anybody know what's up with the red showtimes for Metreon 16 in SF? Everywhere else, showtimes are blue and you can buy tickets (and I did). But that's the best theater in the area, and nothing happens when you click those red showtimes. Anyone?
Four tickets at 9pm on the 17th, Director Suites at the Warren in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma. [Got the four seats in the middle of row C, my favorite spot in the Director Suites.](http://i.imgur.com/QZtkOPD.png) I was done and checked out by 11:04pm (central), pretty easy like last year.

Saturday night showing so everyone will be nice and rested, wanted to go Friday, but too many conflicting schedules. 

Did the same night and theater last year, i love the Warren Theater. I love movies, and hate sitting through a movie when i'm distracted by uncomfortable seats, so glad they opened up a Warren near me.
Was able to get on Fandango and buy. Hesitated for a split second and lost railing row, but that's a small price to pay. 
I was expecting the site to crash or a 30 minute wait while it tried to get tickets (like when I order Hamilton Chicago tickets the day they went on sale), but it went so smoothly! Didn't even take five minutes!
Fandango down for me...
Got mine! Going to IMAX 3D with small group. Gotta love assigned seats!
Local IMAX theater wouldn't sell tickets via Fandango, their site went down at 11:59.

Wasn't able to get IMAX, but reserved seats for 3D showing down the road in reclining seats. 
Cineplex doesn't have them up yet.  Chatting with online support and apparently the site is getting hammered right now and they can't get updates pushed.

Got tickets to see it in XD with reserved seats on Thur, Dec. 15! :)
Trying to grab 2D tickets for release! damn websites!
Got mine!

Fandango kept timing out but I got them from amctheatres.com.

[deleted]
Got our 8 tickets for the 10:30 PM IMAX on Thursday Night!  WOOO!
200 in line for alamo drafthouse... Clicked on buy tickets a minute before the hour and took my to the queue it page.


Fuck. Anytime now.. 
Cinemark is crashed. 
Got Thursday night tickets out of the gate on fandango.   And two more viewings set up with the 501st that weekend...sweet!
Mine is processing:(
Bought directly from the AMC website. Smack dab in the center of the theater. 
Just got mine, seeing it in 2D with my friends and my former history teacher just like we did with TFA. So pumped.
Join me and together, we can crash Fandango. 

(MRW I go on 6 min in...) NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.
Fandango mobile app was an easy checkout. In and out, seriously don't even bother with their site, just use the app. 
Got mine! 9:15pm on Thursday the 15th at the Alamo Drafthouse. Collector's Cup bundle of course :D
Got them!!! 8:30 pm on Thursday -- seems really early. So excited!
Got them through Safari on my iPhone for Thursday night at 10:15.
The Fandango app crashed for me last year when I tried getting tickets for the Force Awakens.

Tonight I ended up getting my tickets through the Atom Tickets app. (with $5 credit using the code MAKINGSTARWARS)
For each ticket sold, Atom Tickets will donate $1 to the Starlight Children's Foundation.
[Details here](http://makingstarwars.net/2016/11/atom-tickets-and-makingstarwars-team-up-to-raise-donations-for-starlight-childrens-foundation/)
How did Fandango totally blow this two years in a row?  I mean, I would think demand is lower for this than TFA, and it's still blown, but they had to see this coming.  Or am I expecting too much? 
The website was worthless, the app worked much better. 

Thursday at 7pm, can't wait. 
Got mine at 12:04am. Minimal issues. Few inactivity errors. But the Fandago app was clutch!

Edit: 7pm IMAX show on the 15th
managed to snag my tickets at exactly 12:01 before fandango froze! got the best seats in the theatre for the 7pm showing on the 15th =)
I think I got tickets for Imax 2D 70mm, my account got charged but the Imax site got bogged way down, no confirmation email.  Said I'd have to call the theater to confirm.  Whole theater was sold out in less than 10 minutes.  Oh please let the seats actually be reserved...
Got mine! Best seats in the house! Can't wait :)
I went directly through the AMC website. Other than it being slow, didn't have any problems. Yay for reserved seats. 
Tickets obtained! In the front row, but hey, recliner seats make that perfectly acceptable. Fandango croaked in the middle of snagging center seats, but the Cinemark app went through.
PRO TIP: Head directly to Cinemark website to buy direct, worked for me. GL and may the force be with you. 
I bought tickets for the 16th only to come here and find out the release date is actually the 15th. Well that's dumb. 
Picked the perfect seats on two different websites and both crashed and I don't have them.  Grats... now i can't access anything
Is anyone else trying to buy their tickets from Santikos having issues?
Got mine for December 15 7:00pm for 2D, I dislike 3D. Blessed to be in the west coast lol
Finally got my two tickets; not the night or the theatre I wanted, but the next best thing.  TIP:  Use the Fandango app; don't bother with the website.
The Fandango app worked perfect for me.
I almost had a heart attack. I opened Fandango app, selected my tickets... so far so good. Finally, it's time to confirm the purchase. 

...

"loading"

...

"loading"

...

"loading" ... and FINALLY I got a confirmation e-mail but the app still said "loading."

All is well, though. :)
Got 10 tickets center perfect for my local IMAX in Ottawa. Beyond excited. No idea who's even coming with me.
Did anybody else's IMAX theatre not offer reserved seating? Both of the ones near me have it for literally every other movie, including TFA but this movie didn't. I had to buy tickets for a standard showing just to get reserved seats because I don't want to stand in line for 3+ hours to get a decent seat. 
If you're having trouble, try the app! Keep trying
All of AMC Loews Lincoln Square sold out. Not Imax 3D, not regular 2d-ALL OF THEM.

It's all good, I'll just catch it at the smaller theatre near me. Kind of sucks though. I wanted that Imax experience to be my first viewing. Oh well, 2nd viewing it shall be. :-D

Edit: Holy shit, that AMC is actually sold out with dates stretching all the way close to a month from now. 
And Canada! They went up a few minutes late on Cineplex's website, and a handful of tickets were already sold by the time I got some, but I still got two seats right in the middle in the back row, in Imax!
yep, fandango was a bit slow, but I got the thursday on pc and the friday on the phone app. so damn ready for this one!
Still no confirmation email on my tickets but my bank account was charged. Am I safe? Never had this happen before. 
No theaters near me have advance ticket buying. :/ Oh well, I doubt enough people here like Star Wars enough for it to be sold out on release night. 
yay, finally got dolby cinema tickets this time
Use the fandango app. I bought tickets for two showings already without crashing or being put in a queue. 
I think I broke it. I just got an Error 404.
None of the theaters near me are doing 3D IMAX at 7. Why would you not do that? The earliest one is at like 11. I'm frustrated
Wondering if Disney world will have another premier event. 
Copped on Cinemark!
Damn, the IMAX 70mm theater near me sold all their Thursday night tickets super quickly. Good news is I got tickets for the 7 PM showing at the "normal" theater!! I'm not sure how early to get in line to get good seats...

And I'm trying to buy IMAX 70mm tickets later in the week but the site is soooo slow now :(
Of course the showing that works for my friends isn't working. Not sold out, just not working for the select a seat. 
Anyone have luck with Carmike? I can't get any tickets to even show up.
Wow, that was far easier than TFA tickets, which leads me to ask, did they up the server power for the time, Intentionally release them late at night of is the demand that much less than TFA?
Got mine. Ended up getting 2 sets because it times out the first time. 
Ah motherfuck. In my excitement and frustration over Cineplex's website being dogshit I bought the first tickets I could get. Then I went and bought more tickets for seats I really wanted at a different Cineplex when the site actually worked.

If anybody wants 4 tickets to the IMAX showing at Cineplex Cinemas Empress Walk in Toronto, Row F, Seats 13, 14, 15, and 16, send me a PM. $19.50 each.

Edit: they're gone.
Got my tickets reserved at the new Alamo Drafthouse in town for Thursday !
Didn't get in on Thursday for IMAX 3D, so I got one the following night... fuck movietickets.com

Edit: After some thought, I'm lucky to have even gotten a seat! So I'm pretty fucking happy!! :D
First showing at my local theater, unlike TFA which I watched at the second 2D showing (10:15pm).  There was a lot less showings than for TFA though, only two compared to the five? for TFA.
Alamo Drafthouse released theirs about 5 mins early so I had to wait in the queue and settled for Friday tickets. Still excited!
Tried to buy tickets at the Alamo Drafthouse. Got put in the queue 5 minutes before tickets even went up and was #2100. Finally got through the queue and it wouldn't let me select tickets since I had timed out.

Bought tickets at the Cinemark instead :/
I bought mine at 9:06 PST. The website crashed immediately for me, but I was able to get them using the fandango mobile app. 

I bought 2D tickets for 7:00 PM on Thursday December 15th. The best part is I got reserved seating for me and my girlfriend so we won't have to murder someone for decent seating. I hope all of you have luck getting the tickets you want. It's an exciting time!
Lincoln Square was showing all the IMAX dates sold out from now until the new year, but I was able to break through using the mobile site and got 6PM on Friday Dec 16th.

If they're still available, my suggestion would be to pick seats like 3-4 rows from the back. 100ft of screen is a lot to take in, even from where you'd normally pick seats in a theater.
Very cool getting Star Wars tickets at 11:38 my time! 
I got 16 for my group of friends for a Thursday night 3D show - I can't wait!
##Rouge One tickets for Santikos Casa Blanca locked down! :D :D :D  Good luck to all!
After several hours of anticipation and reminding everyone in the house not to let me forget. I realized it was 9:03(Pacific) when I checked the clock. Too late for me to get Imax at a decent time the night before I work but I did get some comfortable 7 PM 2D seats. I will try for Imax on my second watch though.
Got mine on movie tickets. This time I was smart about it and got a theater with reserved seating, so I don't need to get there early to wait in line for tickets
Local Imax site is broken. Cuss
I go to a theater where you don't have to reserve your seats. But I checked the closest one where you do & all eight showings were sold out in the first 22 minutes. Incredible. 
Took 15 minutes for page to stop crashing but I got exact seats I wanted in the brand new Cinemark XD by me. The seats are wider and spaced further in each row than the fake Imax by me.  And hey it's actually 7 pm show in 2D only!

So this is my first time seeing a preview/midnight with reserved seats. It's nice not waiting 6 hours like I did for prequels or force awakens to get the seat I wanted. I already have the exact one. 

But damn I'm kinda going to miss the bonding experience of waiting with fellow hardcore fans for hours. Just mingling and chatting together about everything Star Wars. While waiting for force awakens bunch of us were around watching the OT on our iPads together. It was great experience and while I'll not miss sitting on a cinema lobby floor, will miss meeting strangers in passing whom I won't soon forget. 


Got the perfect seats for the 7 pm Thursday showing
It took me 5 tries to get my D box seats but I got them for 7:40 pm on the 15th!!!
Opening night 7pm Cinemark XD 2D - Yes!

On a slightly aggravating note though, I was supposed to reserve Friday tickets for me and my coworkers for lunch, but the theater hasn't released Friday tickets yet.
I didn't realize that they were going on sale at 12 ET. At 11:15 ET, I saw the announcement on the official pages and freaked out, thinking I'd missed my shot to grab good seats. After dealing with some overworked servers, I grabbed a couple of spots to the right in the center row. Now I'm hyped!
Got my tickets for the 18th (boooo but still) at 5pm!!! Got that sweet assigned seating too.
Got opening night at 830 at Alamo draft house with the cup :D
Got timed out for tickets at movietickets.com for one theatre then nailed tickets for 10pm Thursday night at another theatre woo hoo
Got a ticket for A Sunday afternoon in Canada!!! the excitement!!!!
Grateful I got good seats on Thursday night. Feel sorry for people who got locked out though.
43 minute wait on Fandango. Holy duck. 
Got two for IMAX at 7:00 on Thursday. Barely even smashed my computer at all. I'd call that a huge success.
[MFW Fandango does you dirty](http://imgur.com/a/g9Vkp)
Got 3 tickets for the IMAX 3D experience in Albany on 10/16. So excited! 
I tried fandango, but it was taking too long (wait time around 30 minutes) so I went straight to the AMC website and got the tickets there with almost no wait. So pumped. Can't see it Thursday, but I am going on Friday night in the Dolby theater!
Unfortunately that's the day of my little girl's school Christmas presentation so I can't make the 7:00pm show. Got tickets for 10:00pm though. Very excited :)
Fandango crapped out on me but switched to AMC's website and everything went smoothly. Had to settle for 4th row center. 7pm 2D IMAX Universal City Walk.
anyone in michigan trying to buy from celebration cinema? I'm stuck on the "select the number and type of tickets you wish to buy"
Finally got my ticket from Cinemark.com; it was glitchy as hell.
Just got our IMAX 3D tickets at 12:02 right before Fandango crashed. 
Tried to get tickets in NJ - all sold out. Went to Chicago and tried ordering and got to payment screen and the crashed. Tried again about 10 minutes later and somehow my seat was still available. 

Got it for 7pm IMAX 3D and can't be more pumped. 
Got two seats but my theatre that had available tickets isn't reserved, so this may be an less than ideal first viewing
Got 3 tickets for the 10PM IMAX at our local IMAX theater on 12/15. Their website was painful, but finally got through.
Fandango kept crashing on my desktop. Switched to the app on my phone and got 4 seats for Thursday at 7 right away. 


 
Some weird stuff going on at some AMC Theaters in the Chicago area. *EVERY* screening is showing as sold out at several chains, not just Thursday night, but all week.
I'm not sure if I want to see it in 2D or 3D. I have glasses so wearing 3D glasses on top of my normal ones is uncomfortable and they slowly slip off. 
I'm not sure if I got them. I got a confirmation email from fandango and they are showing in my apple wallet but the "show me my tickets" option in the fandango app says the selection I made is unavailable and to try another showtime. 
Oooof.  Alamo Drafthouse incorporated some kind of online queue thing.  They took away the Thursday dates/times and it took 4 minutes of reloading before they put those up... in the meantime, all other showtimes and days were available.

The people who clicked on those?  Got in the queue first.  Granted, it was for all of the Alamo theaters nationwide, but still... I had to wait 50 minutes before it was my time (I entered it at #4600 or so).

Thankfully someone nice enough popped up on twitter and said there was no wait time on the app.  I zipped right through from there.  Kept the queue going to see how long it was.

Not the greatest seats, but it's the showing we wanted.  
Much like last year, I will be able to go to a showing the morning of release in a large format theater with probably only 20 people inside and it will be good. 
10:30pm 70MM IMAX 2D showing.
Fucking scored the most perfect seats so hard. I had no idea this was showing in 70mm let alone 2D!!! 
2D or 3D?
This is two years in a row where I got the tickets I wanted within 2 minutes of trying. Last year they tried to get us with letting the ticket sales go up early, I sniffed that out. And this year I was in and out of fandango by 12:02. The force is strong in my family.
Got the email right as tickets went on sale, got put in a queue, so of course everything but the front seats were sold out for the first showing. Just got a ticket for the 16th instead, worked better for my friend anyway. I'll just take the day off work.
Just got my tickets to see it in 70mm IMAX 2d  at the Indy State Museum. 

Saw Force Awakens there last year, there isnt a better way to see the movie, worth the long drive!
Wtf,  fandango has put me in line for an hour...  In line for what?  Do they not understand how the Internet works? 

Why the fuck do you need a queue when ordering on the Internet?  That makes no sense.  
I just watched this entire thing and I kind of hate myself
Dank. Will use in future marathoning sessions.
This is disgusting 
/r/titlegore
I feel like a 4 year old made this post.
Thats terrifying.
Looks like me when I put on my TK armor.
So he's going to give me an inaccurate diagnosis?
Is this 501st approved? /S
Your talking like you are the first one to think this. It seems that most people have been thinking this since they found out Vader would be in the movie. I hope they are wrong though.
If?
I have a feeling Krennic is going to get killed by the rebels.
Good odds 
Based on Catalyst, I'd say it's certain.

Also: this lapsed EU reader thought it was a great book. Definitely recommended if you find yourself asking questions like this.
This is a fair question. Don't let the know it all "where have you been" and "of course" bother you. 
Her parents are scientists who research crystals, specifically Kybers. I'm pretty sure it's been confirmed by someone in Lucasfilm, but it even if they didn't tell us, it would just make sense.  
Yes. Good catch. 
Yes it is... where have you been?
Of course she is 
I would like to congratulate you and your family for making the most badass Christmas Tree of all time.
Waking up to that would be horrifying
How many times did you nearly shit yourself seeing that out of the corner of your eye in the dead of night on your way to the bathroom?
Mini Darth on Darth: http://imgur.com/B6FyONd
30 or so of these: http://imgur.com/SGbzzFv

Keeping in the theme all the wrapping had to be in Darth colors. 
Th thumbnail looks like Vader's silhouette filled with a cosmic background.
Ahh Darth Angel...Patron Sith of Christmas.
It's terrifying 
Like the scene from The Last of the Mohicans.
Pfft, Like fett would think twice.
Why is he afraid of her jumping? He has a jetpack AND a fiber cord whip cable. All he'd have to do is wrap her up or jump after her. 

Edit: Guys, read the [source page] (https://www.artstation.com/artwork/wvwPY). He's supposed to kill her. 
My only problem is this shows a bounty hunter known for being the best having a change of heart mid mission. This is the guy Vader literally had to tell "No Disintegration" meaning he has literally disintegrated a target.  
How could Max Rebo rescue Oola, when she was eaten by the Rancor?
source and more: https://www.artstation.com/artwork/wvwPY
"I didn't kill my Husband!"

"I don't care!"
>here's some cool art!

All comments are quibbling about character behavior
I don't think she's really intending to jump. The caption says Boba Fett is there to kill her but underestimates her diplomatic abilities. I think Fett is getting the guilt trip of his life right now. She's standing on the edge of a cliff because they couldn't retreat any further, being killed to the last man. If she jumps, he's accomplished his mission. She's probably like, you only work for the man to pay the bills. You could have been great, you could have had what it takes, instead you sold out to some two bit Sith Lord. "It's a living."-Fett. "It's a waste of Life!"-Mothma
Reminds me so much of [this scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eT6DoaTdAGY) from The Last of the Mohicans.
Hey guys? The fact that the artist has you arguing over what's going on in the painting? That means he did a good job. 
It's images like this one that are capable of telling such a story without saying a word. I love it OP.


But why would there be fleet troopers? They're on the ground.
holy shit people its a cool ass drawing. stop picking it apart about how Fett wouldnt do this or that.
Last of the Mohicans? Anyone?
We don't fly, but we glide very well
That's epic! I l love the art style.
Eh. I can't see Fett being swayed by diplomatic prowess. I get that it's supposed to be a "she's just that good" kind of thing but I don't think anyone could make him react like that
Regardless of compliance with canon/fanon etc, I think this is a very effective piece of storytelling art. She looks, to me, like she's almost daring him to do it, a "you've heard what I have to say and now do what you will" moment. And he can't do it. Not now, not to her, at least. If you accept the reality the piece gives you, it becomes not a question of 'would ultimate murder-cool-guy Fett have remorse' and raises the far more interesting question 'what led to this remorse?' 
"Hey lady, you like my new gloves?"
The real frank.
Fett: Please, stop!

Mothma: You don't understand. I doubt you ever will.

Fett: It doesn't have to be like this! The Empire has changed! Lord Vader has changed it!

Mothma: He may have killed the Emperor. Many of my former allies may have joined him. But I will not. I know the evil in his heart. And in yours. It's not something you can cleanse so easily.

Fett: I know. I have done many horrible things. But, talking with so many good people. Their hopes and dreams in something better. I couldn't do this anymore. Please come back here!

Mothma: You were forged by war. I pity you. I wish you could have grown up without all this fighting. But, I cannot live with evil. Good bye.
Putting down the last of the Rebel troopers defending his quarry, Boba Fett steps forward, blaster leveled at a Mon Mothma. "No where else to go, Senator."

Mon Mothma smiles sadly and peers out over the cliff. "I am not without options."

Boba Fett takes a step forward, "Bounty on you is dead or alive, you jump, I still get payed."

Mon Mothma shakes her head, "No, bounty hunter. You know better than that. If I plummet here, you will never retrieve my body, and the Empire will use that as an excuse not to pay you your due. But I am not eager to die, and an accord can be reached."

Fett stands implacable, "Fine, say your peace."

"My life is in service to the men and women you have killed here today, and the many left alive. I will come with you willingly, should you agree to kill no more of my people and give them time to evacuate before tipping off the Empire," says Mon Mothma, hands at her sides, balance precarious.

"The bounty is on you. I don't care about your soldiers. We have an accord," says the hunter, coldly.

Mon Mothma steps forward, placing a foot on loose stone, which clatters away as she slips slightly. Boba fett drops his weapon in order to make ready to lunge for her, stopping himself when she stabilizes. He motions with his hands, "Easy now..."

Suddenly, Fett's attention is caught by the sound of approaching soldiers from behind. Mon Mothma uses this moment to dive forward, snatching up the bounty hunter's discarded weapon, and aiming up at him from the floor.

"The bargain has changed, bounty hunter. Pray I do not alter it any further," says Mon Mothma with a hard expression.

"Next time, Senator, I won't make the mistake of letting you talk." With that, Boba Fett steps off the ledge, using his jet pack to escape to safety.
What's the back story here. 
You're no good to me dead!
"I didn't kill my Moff!!" 
Great drawing but i dont think fett would kill a shitload of people then suddenly have a what have i done moment right as the job would be finished 
Boba Fett probably burned Owen and Beru alive so I stand with everyone bitching about his behavior here.
Why would he hesitate, does he know her or something?
Is this by the same artists that do Venture Brothers?
Butter fingers! "I can't believe I keep dropping my rifle just before I'm about to shoot my target. So embarrassing!" 
Boba is inspecting his invisible skateboard.
♫ I wish you would step back from that ledge Mothma ♫
HER HANDS ARE FUCKED UP!!
That's more of a "come here, so I can choke you" 
The only way to understand this is by assuming the two have a relation between each other. Hence the pleading gesture.
And I still don't understand what the heck the Empire and the Rebels are fighting about. 
Nice cool very nice
Cool art, but Boba wouldn't become horrified like this.
So non-canon
This makes no sense. 
That looks like Francis of the Filth.
Cool
It's like pottery.
The death Star and starkiller base use two different and almost unrelated technologies.

The death Star used giant kyber crystals (lightsaber crystals) to generate each individual beam. This type of weapon allowed multiple smaller beans to be changed into a single larger beam due to the unique properties of lightsabers at the cost of massive power consumption.

Starkiller base however, utilized the power and mass of stars to fire a single Beam of superheated plasma at incredible speeds. This beam was produced much in the same way that blasters used tibana gas to create their bolts.

Tl;dr: the death star was a giant space lightsaber, starkiller base was a giant space blaster
Well damn, that's kinda neat.
The deathstar actually shot a laser. Starkiller swollowed a star. What it fired was a stream of plasma.
I somehow never made this connection.
"It's another Death Star."  
"No, it's bigger and it can blow up five planet at once."
Margarita and chicken wings before the Film. Cheesecake and Coffee afterwards.
Last year my friend and I watched ROTJ and then went to the 5:15 AM show at the Metreon . This year the closest thing is the 2 AM show; we'll probably watch a New Hope or ROTS beforehand. To bad we wont be able to start the day waith new star wars and enjoy the crisp winter morning like we did last year though.
I'm going to see it on Thursday 15th at 4.30, which gives me about a few hours to get home from tech, eat, change, then go to see it with my Dad, just as I did with TFA. He is the one who introduced me to Star Wars and I'm too sentimental to have my first viewing with anyone else. 
Run out of school to get on the tube, pray there are no delays, get to the cinema late, realise I've got a test for the next day, forget about the test and watch the movie.


The next day:

FAIL THE TEST (better be worth it)
Going to see it in IMAX 3D.

I usually see it the first time with my gf. A second time with my friends. Then a third time with my gf again.

STOKED.
Probably as soon as I can get in, to minimize spoilerage, but at the same time I'm not going to go crazy trying to see it opening day.
It's always different! And I never go opening night...
Going early Sunday morning, then gonna get lunch afterwards with the friends
Going to the Thursday night screening with my sister and brother in law at Alamo Drafthouse. So I'll be eating and drinking beer out of my Star Wars pint glass as I wait for the movie to begin. Then I'll probably go again on Saturday but with my parents. 
Thursday, 7pm, Darth Vader Christmas sweater, IMAX 3D, same group from TFA opening night.
My tradition is I go during the second or third week of screening so the theatre isn't crowded and I can relax more.
No rituals really. My wife and I will probably check out a matinee after about a week. Gonna get a bag of Swedish Fish too. Obviously. 

Marathon the films before.

Go see the movie on the 15th at 10pm with a couple friends

Sit in silence for 133 minutes and be incredibly annoyed at anyone who's talking

Drink too much soda and be in immense pain for the last 20 minute of the movie

Leave the theater probably loving the movie and upset my friends didn't love it as much as me

Marathon the movies again. 

See the movie 3 or 4 more times.
If it's anything like last year, I will be packing a change of clothes in my car that morning, watching the clock all day at work, as a result hammering my thumb several times, having my boss bust my chops all day about "working late all of a sudden", leaving to pick up my girlfriend right after work and speedrun changing at her house, barrel-assing my car through the rain to get to the theater before all the good seats are taken (an hour before the showtime), and finding nobody at the theater yet.

Then after the movie spend hours on reddit reading what other people thought of the movie. 
I like to go out for a few drinks the night before I go to the movies. It sounds kind of odd but the alcohol dries me out and even with a big gulp in the theater (which I LOVE) I won't have to go to the bathroom until the movie is over. Also, I should say I'm not getting lit up the night before just a few drinks to share in the excitement with my friends.
I will purchase a ticket, proceed to get the highest seat possible, and watch the movie.
Saturday, December 17th, 12:30 p.m, going alone.
Imax 3d. Go big or stay home. 7pm December 15th. Going with girlfriend, friend and my sister. Probably lining up a few hours early so I get seats right in the center
Dec. 15 7:00 PM CST

EDIT: I think I know which theater you're going to. I'm going to Cinetopia with reserved seating, as well. 

I have braces so I can't eat popcorn, but I'll definitely smuggle in some candy and drinks (because movie theater snacks are too damn expensive). 
Every time I've seen a Star Wars movie for the first time it's been with my mom.  She's the one that got me and my sister into it when we were little.  I'd go see it opening night but I don't want to ruin that tradition so I'm going to wait until I go home for Christmas.  I'm thinking of getting a bunch of my family and friends IMAX 3D tickets as a Christmas present, but I still need a head count of who's going.  
My dad introduced me to Star Wars at a young age in the 90s. I've seen every single Star Wars that has come out in theaters since with him on opening day.

This year he was diagnosed with heart failure, and I don't know how many more of these were going to get.

It's a simple one. Star Wars by itself makes me emotional, but now it's on a different level. 

I can't wait. 
I'm getting back home from a trip around 3am. I'm sleeping until 11 or so. I'll probably work until around 6, then go to the theater and watch the movie. I bought four tickets, I'm not sure who is available to go with me yet.

I'll wear whatever I wore to work that day. I'll probably get popcorn and a drink, since I won't have had any dinner. I'll eat and drink most of it during the trailers.

If they're up for it, we'll probably get a drink or food afterward.

I don't take it too seriously.
Why do people feel the urge to eat during a movie? Can't you go without food for 2 hours, especially the overpriced garbage they sell? Can't you have some BEFORE you hit the theater?

No hate, just wondering. 
I'm going Dec 15th, 7:15 PM with one other person.  I'll be wearing the same Star Wars shirt I've worn to every other premiere (it's over 20 years old and originally black but now gray!), a Star Wars skirt, and my Yoda backpack.  

I'll be watching EP 1, 2, and 3 in the days before and bringing lots of tissues since I get extremely emotional the moment I see the "A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away...." screen and the entire theater starts cheering when "Star Wars" flashes on the screen.
Me and the ex, are still best friends and most likely I'll take him. We are big star wars fans 
I'll probably go alone for the first showing also. And then with the SO the second time. Co workers/friends other times after.
Oh dude, that sounds awesome.

I started a tradition with my brother and cousin last year, which is to see every new chapter in the saga together. My grandpa came last year and will probably come again this time. TFA was the first movie he'd seen in a theatre.
We have a three year old and a seven month old so I'm having to wait until the 17th due to babysitting logistics. Taking the boys to meet Santa first of all, then dropping them off to their grandparents' while myself and Mrs JMBTrooper go and see the film.

We will probably go to a restaurant afterwards and share a bottle or two of wine over the course of the evening, discussing the movie and all in all just enjoying a long overdue date night. Actually we won't do that last bit at all, we'll just rush back afterwards to pick the kids up as the babysitting collateral is quite low then back to changing nappies and picking dried Weetabix out of the carpet and stepping on Lego. (Well, you *did* ask :) )
I went at midnight for the prequels and Ep VII with one of my best friends who's also a big fan (friends since elementary school, played all the video games, the card game, play W-Wing now). Unfortunately, I'm in Afghanistan this time, so that won't happen :( Still don't know the plan of how I'll see it. Might just have to be on a flash drive on my computer with some noise-canceling headphones.

And now I've made myself sad.
Everything you have described is my dream night. I might follow suit then take the family at the weekend you know. Thank you kind stranger 
Brb let me go dig holes in my backyard for star wars toys.
I know that my IG-88 and Ree-Yees action figures are buried in my garden somewhere...
Holy wow! What a beautiful Kenner Chewie!
Was it originally yours or did you just find it by luck??

Poor chewie lost his leg :(
leaked action figure of episode 8 chewbacca
begun the ticket war has
Stolen from Twitter:

"All you nerds trying to buy Rogue One tickets online need to go to bed so I can buy Rogue One tickets online and go to bed." 
This one goes there, that one goes there!  I said give me the hydrospanner! 

......


That wasn't a blaster....

Leia: Han! Get over here quick! 

Han: People.....They're buying tickets all at once. 

Leia: You're not actually going to buy them now are you? 

Han: They'll be crazy to follow us, wouldn't they?
I also got [this one](http://i.imgur.com/yBWjxqk.png) a few times. At least they have a sense of humor.
I dont have high hopes for any ticketing sites.  Just like last year, its gonna be 503 gateway errors left and right.  I would love to be proved wrong though!

I got my D-box seats again. Reserved seating, no waiting in line.
this is worse then i expected. 
I need the force to help me buy this goddamn 
finally got 2 for navy pier! IMAX LASER!! .. Within 30 mins not bad. 
Just bought two tix in the Showcase app! I was just setting up, but it went through. Receipt to confirm.
Our theater has its own site to sell tickets. Took all of two minutes to crash.
While Fandango was down just like last year, I was able to get my tickets off Movietickets with no 503 error's or problems. Even if this isn't TFA level hyped Fandango honestly should of been better prepared for such a heavy load.
I have 10 for IMAX in el paso already.....
Interesting after picking my reserved seats and trying to pay it crashed of course and lost my order. Then when finally was able to get back in I was put in some sort of Fandango queue thing that I've never seen that made me wait 20 mins counting down. Then once I got through there it worked a lot better and I got (slightly worse) seats. 

Wonder why they didn't just turn the queue system on right away?
I was honestly not expecting any traffic for Rogue One. I was like "aw, you can wake up in the morning and get good seats." but then I go "nah, be a nerd and stay up."

I WAS THERE AT 11:01 CDT AND I GOT SHIT TICKETS! Like, there were no seats taken, I clicked on my seats, it said they were taken and HOLY SHIT 250 seats were gone. 

So now I sit on the front row.

I'm not sure if it's worth it.
It took me almost 3 hours to get TFA tickets last year. I had zero issues getting tickets for this movie. Took 30 seconds. 
Took me 30 minutes. My computer was slow as fuck so I had to get on my phone and do it.
Took me an hour to get those tickets.
BB-GR8
a lie?
[deleted]
The cake is adorable.
I don't think it would be a showdown at all. Vader would slaughter him and anyone else from the main cast to get in his way. In other words, yes please!
I would love to see this.  Have Vader play around with Chirrut and then show him the true power of the dark side of the Force.  Then demolish him.
Yes I would, but I want it to last fifteen seconds before Vader is walking over his corpse to kill the other rebels
The only interesting thing about the showdown would be what interesting way they would have Vader kill him in under 5 seconds because thats about as long as the fight would be from beginning to end. 
Extremely powerful dark side user with lightsaber vs dude with stick.

Vader would kill him in like 2 seconds. After Baze gets slaughtered, Chirrut would just [do this,] (https://youtu.be/TU7CDejp6Lw) and the same outcome would happen.
Not really, I'd probably end up being angry at why Lord Vader didn't immediately slaughter him. If they do face off and Vader pulls him into a Force choke and then cuts his head off well then yes I would love to see that!
Vader needs to kill at least one main character, not just a bunch of redshirts, and it would enhance his menace for him to kill the team's best fighter.
Cyber Monday FTW! Okay Reddit, which games should I buy?!

EDIT: holy Sith, *Mysteries of the Sith* is on sale for seventy five cents.
I just got the 'Star Wars Collection', which was £17 for 14 games (almost £60 off!). There's also the 'Classics Collection', which is a 9 more games for £12.
Jyn and Cassian were definitely in the place where the Death Star plans are kept at 0:21. I believe this also confirms what I was thinking about that hallway Jyn was in at the end of the teaser trailer: it leads to the room with the plans. I also think that door the beat up stormtroopers next to leads to that room.
Inside of the death star in the uniform looks so sick can't wait!
No way that isn't Tarkin at :05
If it lasts longer than four hours, go to the damn doctor. Holy shit.
I'm predicting it now:  this trailer has more Vader breaths than the movie.
I wonder if this is gonna be one of those deals where they hype up Vader being in the movie but turns out its only for like 5 minutes. 
That scream towards the end is definitely something new for Star Wars. Definitely gives it that "war" feel to it. 
Pao is going to be one of my favorite characters. 
That was DEFINITELY Tarkin at the beginning. I've never felt the air leave my lungs so quickly. Over a shot of the back of someone's head, no less.

Can't wait to see my homeboy again
That music tho...
Krennic is gonna steal the show in this movie. 
Imperial March....
Ok This looks cooler than the force awakens. And I saw the force awakens 21 time in cinema. 
Quite similar to the episode 2 teaser trailer: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Q5Pp7EW4Wg 
Probably got the inspiration from there, or it's a nod perhaps.
The delivery of "May the force be with us" seemed different in this spot than the other trailers. I hope they didn't mess with it in the final cut.
yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
I just realized that the planet Vader's looking at is Scarif.
(heavy breathing)
Also: in the "Vader's reflection" shot, I'm pretty sure those GGI boots to the right are new, and they more than likely belong to Tarkin as well. 
Well, I think we'll have a good chance of having more Vader screen time than we did with Luke in Ep. 7
My fear for this movie, like Episode 7 (with barely a visit with Luke, and Episode 3, is that we get just 2 minutes, if that, of Vader.  I want MORE Vader.  Rebels has been pretty good in how it handled Vader in Season 2, but I want some more on screen time!
I'm not the only one seeing the weird grey box on the rightmost imperial walker at 0:09 right?  
  
Edit: my eyes suck. Sort of looks like they forgot to add the side in with visual FX, but maybe its supposed to be open
This is the best tv spot yet
My GOD the new fucking Imperial March soundtrack is CRAZY!!!!
I loved most of these trailers but this one takes the cake. 
This one gave me legit goosebumps.
This is the best Tv Spot I've seen.
You think maybe Vader is Force lifting something in that shot with the weird hand gesture we keep seeing? Maybe a dead body? I don't know.
They could have just recast him. I mean we would all understand. Charles Dance would have made a great Tarkin, he has the look and the scowling sarcasm down pretty well. 
I've been wanting a trailer like this since rogue one was announced
If that wasn't Tarkin played by Charles Dance then I'll be a monkey's uncle. 
"shit that was billy, I just saw him last week at the family reunion".
Nope, not just you. 

The '0501' near the top is interesting (501st?), but below that I get:

"ASB MS HJH IUYHJKKPLMN"

Which obviously makes so sense, even if you put it backwards.

Based on some of the patterns (H next to J twice, double KK in the middle of a word), it's possible it's also been put through a substitution cipher (ever letter shifted 4 to the left, for example), but more likely it's just random gibberish meant to look Star Wars-y.

It's a shame, I've seen some very amusing easter eggs hidden in Aurebesh before. 
ASB MA HJH IPYHJkkuln

hdjkd kd ksj skl 

its gibberish
Nope, [you're not the only one](https://www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinfuriating/comments/5dv8ce/the_aurebesh_on_this_display_doesnt_actually/).
My wife and I have nearly [identical](https://i.imgur.com/RDPVs3q.jpg) tattoos, just reversed as to whom has which, rebel scum.   
I hope your girlfriend reports you to the authorities ASAP.  We can’t
tolerate people sympathizing with terrorists.

Your finger nails are...distracting. (Sorry)
Hey look guys, it's Lost Stars!
Aaarghhhh the nails though. 
Hey! I have a [related tat.](https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWars/comments/26zsop/i_just_got_my_first_tattoo_im_pretty_excited/)
Why is the middle of the x-wing a circle?
Check this out, /u/Halcylon. I'm pretty sure this is his design.
All I see is Feynman diagrams
that's a great idea... just got to convince my wife to do it now!
I read this wrong at first and was like "Damn, your girlfriends hand looks like shit" lol
Matching tattoos with someone that's not legally bound to stick with you.. that's a big risk, Ted, let's see if it pays off
good job on having a girlfriend
That's awesome and cute!
They look awesome!
That line work is incredibly well done. I love them.
You must be very hungry.
Wow it looks like a square pokéball
okay, but they were just movies man
Kind of weak tattoos honestly. I don't mean to be mean but it's like getting a stick figure Darth Vader. The real thing would have been a lot better 
Those are some cool tattoos ladies.
Thats Dope i want one now
You just got super excited is all.  We all feel you. 
John Deere 7230 Standard tires are front: 10.00-16. and rear: 18.4R38 (2WD).

Edit - Ah crap.
Awesome picture. It's insane that Kylo is the third big antagonist of the movie franchise that looks such iconic.
Looking better than in the movie 
Machines cleaning machines?
I always love these little background things that you don't always notice. They make the world of Star Wars feel that much more real.
Those droids do probably have a name in canon and we will most likely see a comic about them soon.


Reminds me of details like this: https://gfycat.com/EllipticalMetallicCowrie
Why is a battle droid doing the work of a maintenance droid?
Cool find! Never noticed that. The attention to details like this is really awesome in the Star Wars movies. 
I wonder if those two battle-droids were bitching about their jobs like every other droid in Star Wars seems to...
thanks george
there's so much going on... its so dense...
That's awesome!  
I really hope we get details like this in the upcoming movies, it's so neat.
It's a pretty awesome and very 'Star Wars' shot
This opening scene meant a lot to me when I was young. I always thought it was cool that the Jedi fled and had to sneak around like ninjas aboard the ship. I would play the 1st level over and over on TPM playstation game.
Eh. I think the scenery is impressive, but I'd have given my right hand if George had not hired a couple of those digital artists and hired one actual writer for the franchise instead.
As much as I like to make fun of the "Everything's so dense" quote from Lucas, I will admit I think all of the detail put into each shot is nice to see.
Its cool little touch, shame they didn't put as much effort into the story, the characters, maintaining cannon, the effects or the not having jar jar fucking binks. 

If they did the prequel could have been good films instead of poor imitations of a brilliant franchise, they do to star wars what asylum films do to everything they rip off.

The only thing that redeems TPM is the music, duel of the fates is such an epic piece of music.
Its a droid on a tank... Whether he's cleaning it or fixing it is unclear. Honestly, there's absolutely nothing impressive about this.  
That's funny because I still associate Star Wars, and especially the prequels, with extras that look completely useless. In particular every external shot in TPM on Tatooine with scores of extras just milling about, and that mentally ill homeless white android in ANH.
I do watch my favorite clips often, but I usually only watch the movies in entirety a few times a year, or when the occasional Star Wars marathon comes on TV. I do however, frequently read lore and watch the cartoons, so I'm always keeping up with Star Wars one way or another.
About once a year all the way through spread out over several days and then select scenes here and there. 
I watch chunks of them, and often. Asteroid chase scene. Trench run. Finn and Rey escape Jakku. Tatooine. 

I have a 1080p version of the theatrical release of IV that I pick away at too. Since I saw it in theatres in 1977, it means something to me. 
First day of Summer vacation/break or May the 4th
If fanedits count, then whenever I finish rendering my fanedits and realize I SCREWED UP AGAIN AND HAVE TO START ALL OVER.

If not, then probably once every 3-6 months with friends.
The OT at least yearly.   The rest of the franchise,  less so. 
Every other month at least.  I am such a dork.
I'm currently running through a bunch of fan-edits of the PT trying to pick out which one of each film I can tolerate the best.  So right now, I'm watching a ton of star wars
It's a bummer Master P didn't make it into any of the films. He must have flunked out of sword school.
For those that have never met him, that is a pretty good example of typical George.    Takes a lot to rattle his cage.   Great sense of humor.
Take that David Prowse. 
Some context: Unexpected birthday gift.
Men in black
She had a British accent, then. 
1) Vader.

2) Kicking.

3) Ass.
1.  Darth Vader wield his lightsaber
2. A couple Star Wars Rebels character cameos
3. All the main characters die in the end

1. Giacchino messing up the music

That's really all I don't want
1) Hyper-violent and powerful Vader. 

2) X-Wings doing some X-Wing stuff. 

3) Somebody makes a joke about stormtroopers having terrible aim only to get shot in the head by a Death Trooper and the Death Trooper gives a "I'm sorry, what were you saying" head tilt and shoulder shrug directly in the camera. 
1. Saving private Ryan PTSD moment
2. Melee combat 
3. Space battle not over a Death Star
4. AT AT destroy rebel scum
5. imperials executing citizens 
DO WANT

* Cool new vehicles and spaceships. This is the most important of any Star Wars movie, of course.
* A space battle where capital ships get to do something (yes, I know, this is a long shot; I can dream, can't I?)
* One of our heroes to be revealed as a Bothan spy. But none of them are Bothans, you say? *Exactly*.

DO NOT WANT

* The heroes surviving the end of the movie, but winding up imprisoned on the Death Star or landing on Alderaan. Some people have seriously suggested this and it's a terrible idea.
* Any overt shout outs or references to the original trilogy. TFA had far too many of these and used up all of Rogue One's.
* Any WEGisms. It's unlikely that they'll show up, fortunately, but it would be rather irritating if they did.
Vader
Vader
Bothans
Bail Organa cameo.
1. Vader
2. Vader
3. Vader
Kylo ren dies he sucks
Probably not. The sheer hype that was there for STAR WARS STARTING BACK UP AGAIN just isn't there for Rogue One.
Anything is possible. I really wish they would though, when is the next time Vader will get time on the big screen? Might as well not waste Lord Vader's presence.
I used to believe so but I see it as unlikely. This Vader will be in line with the one in ANH, he'd rely more on the force and what he can do with it rather than a lightsaber. In the Original Trilogy Vader only took it out when facing Jedi, I mean he easily countered Han's blasts with his hands/the force. I do think he will kill someone with the force and possibly a protagonist however 
Possibility? Sure. The movie hasn't come out yet so anything is possible. That being said, I'm not holding out a whole lot of hope that we will see Vader in much (if any action). Keep your expectations low and you will never be disappointed. 
Don't expect to see his lightsaber at all, and more than a few minutes of screen time.

Then you will be fine. 
I still hope we do get the "Vader using lightsaber-throw and force lifting corpses to use as a shield" fight scene... 
I'm not expecting a fight scene, but considering how skeptical and unimpressed with the Death Star he was in ANH, I'm wondering what his role will be.
At the Celebration Anaheim panel, Gareth Edwards said there would be no lightsabers in the movie.  

Now, that was right before filming was getting started, and things can change.  

As of now, I'm walking in expecting Vader not to get into a big fight, maybe choke out some fools or screw with a ship like he did in Lords of the Sith.  It may be more interesting to see him use more force ability than a straight up lightsaber duel.
He looks so lovable! 
I love that he's so active on Reddit as well. All round great guy. 
He looks abit like Tarkin 
She's cute. Peter is sexy. 
But do you still look like Yoshi ?🤔
For the man who is tangled in forbidden love and is ready to do what it takes to make things the way he wants them to be. Find power that should not be underestimated. 
Top notes of plasma and hits of paedocide and redirected devotion on a warm volcanic base   
Warning: This scent may lead to suffering
Dont you love the smell of revenge?
So that's what Darth Maul was talking about when he said he wanted to reveal himself to the Jedi?  He was really just wanting to show off his new cologne?  
/r/titlegore
Probably smells like a Tauntaun.
I bought Vader hair wax the other day......the force is strong with this one. Ba dum tsh........seriously though it was on special.
Does it smell like burning flesh and fabric?
I never understood marketing things as Star Wars that a) have nothing to do with Star Wars and b) have literally 0 difference to the same product without Star Wars branding.

I've seen this in stupid things like Jelly Beans (they are Star Wars because....the package has characters on it) and so many others.
"I may have gone too far in a few places"
Not the Star Wars grapes and oranges?
Hilariously not without precedent. Love the tiny cape: http://collider.com/star-wars-slave-leia-perfume-eau-lando-cologne/


Shut up and take my money 
Fans will buy anything.
What Empire? Which Era? It looks like Sith Troops are fighting against some random droids and clearly other Sith. Downed Star Destroyer-like vessel in the background of the frozen world. Doesn't ring any bells nor reminds me of any highlight in galactic history. Would you care to enlighten my ignorant soul?

Or perhaps this magnificient piece of art is an example of author's own re-imagination of the universe in which the action has been set and therefore no wookiepedia article contains information about the event?

Regardless, awesome art! Keep 'em comin'! 5/7!
 by Alexey Egorov


source: https://www.artstation.com/artist/air-66
"and this is why i created the rule of 2, some people just cant handle them selves!"-darth bane.
Is that a jawa Sith Lord?
That is awesome!
More like Rise of an Empire, unless there was an empire of droids that I haven't heard of. 
I have to believe that at some point we gonna see a moment like this in a movie in the future and I'm already extremely excited
Woah, is this official?

"Peace is a lie" makes me suspect fan-made.
[Higher Res.] (https://cdna0.artstation.com/p/assets/images/images/003/253/192/large/justin-lancaster-rogueoneposter-v2-smaller.jpg?1471666351) Is this official?
Awesome.  The Sith Code is canonized!
"Peace is a lie, there is only passion.
Through passion I gain strength.
Through strength I gain power.
Through power I gain victory.
Through victory my chains are broken.
The Force shall free me."- Sorzus Syn
I'm fairly certain this is fan-made, just look at the Death Troopers, each one of them are cropped from a different photo from Entertainment Weekly. Nevertheless, this is an awesome poster
THIS is what the Empire looks like. Grand shows of power and might, dark colors, overall badassery, this movie is looking better and better
I just want a gritty dark movie with a focus on clones, show me the massive loss of life in galactic battles and how it feels to lose brothers for a civilization that doesn't see you as more than a tool. Explore the clones, are they Spartans who view death in combat as the best goal, or are they like their creator who just see it as a job and way of living.
How dare they question the peace and order brought by the Empire? It seems like r/EmpireDidNothingWrong is the only reliable sub I can go to these days. 
Is it just me or is the Death Star getting larger and larger with every trailer/poster?
War IS Peace
Peace = Cake
Sith mantra cannon?
Definitely fan made, saw it awhile ago around these parts. 
That's fanmade.  
And if I recall, I think it was even someone on this subreddit that made it.
One of my favourite lines from the prequels is when Palpatine proclaims peace. 
There is only passion
Can someone photoshop out the "peace is a lie" part?
Looks pretty cool but doesn't really seem to sync up with everything we've seen so far
PEACE IS A LIE!

That's from the Darth Bane novels!
If this had a few of the main cast instead of troopers and didn't say 'peace is a lie' this would have been far better than any of the official posters.
I collected all of those when they first came out.

Long gone, now.


I had a lot of those back in the day.
What flavor is the gum?
My friends and I were talking about this game a few weeks ago and couldn't find anything earlier than this. I remember playing this when it first came out and loved it.
Oh man, I haven't seen this in forever! Good stuff 
Just another E.T. with a bra
Roberto's non-stabbing Caucasian cousin?
"let me practice my stabbing,  haHA!" 
It doesn't help that you could see two different "mouths" on it. 
Clearly an Ithorian in a bikini
Help us out here?
Obviously an Australian storm trooper.
For those who are still having trouble: http://imgur.com/a/sAbbj
Stromtooper
ET2-D2
Reminds me of Roberto from Futurama.
Wall-E bleeding?
Bikini trooper.
Wall-E and Eva had an ugly child. 
It looks like an upside down Storm Trooper, kind of
Jabba right?
YodatroopE.T.
I though it was a Wampa at first. 
Sid the storm trooper.
It's obviously Killface!
http://disney.wikia.com/wiki/File:WorthlessSurfercar2.png?useskin=oasis
I probably wouldn't have gotten this if this wasn't on r/Starwars
A jigglyputf seen from above
It's Grievous's brother Grovus.
Two Tubes! You'll recognize him more after Rogue One comes out. 
Yeah I looked at that photo for 5 minutes racking my brain before I figured it out...
White ET wearing a black bra and eating grey spaghetti.
Why not have Lars Mikkelsen play him?
Honestly I don't think we'll see and I don't really want a live action Thrawn 
Cumberbatch?
Read Catalyst and Tarkin, probably in that order.  Catalyst was specifically written as a lead-in to Rogue One.
Well. Catalyst for one. It was just released and is a direct set up for the characters and story line of the Movie.

If you want to know more about Tarkin...then read the book about him...Tarkin. I am re-reading it now and there is some relevance to the story of the Death Star. It doesn't connect to any of the main characters of Rogue One as it is mostly about Tarkin's relationship to Vader and the Emperor, and also his origin story. However, it does also go into Tarkin's motivations about the Death Star project, but just a little bit, and in that way it has some relevance to his relationship to Krenic in both Catalyst and in Rogue One. It is mainly just "behind the scenes" type of story.

I have read all of the New Canon books and those are the only two that I feel like have relevant connections to the events in the movie.
Catalyst is great; I highly recommend it.
http://lmgtfy.com/?iie=1&q=Rogue+One+Books
Darth Vader after Mustafar had a severely reduced potential but he did grow significantly stronger despite that. He was around 8/10 of Palpatine's power by the time he died.

As for Clone Wars Anakin vs Luke or Darth Plagueis we don't have a clear picture of just how powerfull Luke and Plagueis are but Anakin was one of the most powerfull Jedi of his era.

As far as we know, Palpatine was the most powerfull force user of his time with perhaps the exception of the ones on Mortis.
Canonically speaking, Anakin was reckoned to be twice as powerful as Palpatine; after his injuries and transformation it was said he was then severely diminished in his Force powers, only 80% as powerful as Palpatine.  Hard to know about Luke; he was still very much coming into his power during 'Return of the Jedi,' and we've yet to see where he went from there.  Based on what we know, I would say Anakin was "truly" (FTFY) the most powerful Force being, but lacked the maturity and general temperament to make the most of his power.
Alot of people are throwing out the 8/10 power of Palpatine thing that has been latched onto over the years. This was a statement made by George Lucas years ago. Whether this is literal and accurate or up to date is highly debatable. Lucas has said so many things outside of canon that has changed over the years, and new canon shows Vader to be a different beast.
Vader grew much more powerful than Anakin ever was and by what we're seeing in new canon and how he stacks against the Emperor, he may be even more than 80% as powerful as Palpatine. Whatever edge Palpatine has in force mastery and power, Vader does make up for in physicality and combat ability.
We have next to no information on Plagueis or Prime Luke so this question is a really tough one to answer.
It is reasonable to assume that Luke reached the potential that Anakin could not, which would make him far and away the most powerful force user ever.

Ultrasabers is probably the fastest you will find. Saberforge has some hilts on etsy that may ship faster, but have fewer options, or their shopsaberparts.com site that usually ships in about 2 weeks. Everything else directly from a business will take months. You may try checking FB for people selling their hilts if you want a higher quality one faster. The Vault is one group that may have some, as well as Lightsaber Exchange and maybe the Custom Lightsaber Owners group.
The consensus on /r/lightsabers :

- UltraSabers are bulky. They feel like glorified flashlights.
- Saberforge is run by a dick.
- Vader's Vault is amazing, if you can put up with the ever-increasing wait times.

Any other sabersmiths: check individually.
Hasbro/Master Replicas ForceFX lightsabers are really good too, if you don't plan on doing full-force dueling. They're high quality with metal hilts.
I can second Ultrasabers. If you order a hilt that is in stock they can usually arrive as fast as two weeks. Note this estimate is from my previous 3 purchases, so your milage may vary. It might be slower due to Rogue One hype, but I'd say Ultrasabers is still faster than other saber smiths.
>quoted Curently in new canon colour of a lightsaber is determined by state of a person that construct it. Blue for those who tend to physical aspect of the force, and green to whose who find spiritual aspect of force important.

This is still not canon, According to pablo that the colors aren't obvious and it's entirely mystic....Maces color is purple..just because it's purple, don't read into it.

we don't know how the crystal chooses it's color or anything.

all we know is the process

at the gathering, (or wherever) 
the crystal calls to the Jedi, when the Jedi retrieves and the crystal bonds with the Jedi,  it it becomes a color. crystal do not cal to darksiders

anyone one can use any saber, a Sith can pick up a random saber and use it and it won't change color

the blade changes to red when the bond is forced by a darksider.

Ahsokas blades are white, either because she cleansed them, or she cleansed them and that's the color they chose.

this thread in star wars canon subreddit is a great source of info.

https://www.reddit.com/r/starwarscanon/comments/58q9ml/pablo_drops_a_lot_of_knowledge_on_kyber_crystal/


There is a lot of canon info on kyber crystals in the new novel [Catalyst by James Luceno](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Catalyst)
It talks in depth about the nature of the Kyber Crystal and it's attunement to the force. And how the Jedi use them. Its a good read.
It's kind of implied in the [Ahsoka novel](/s "that Ahsoka's blades are white because she "healed" an Inquisitor's red crystals after she defeated him and took them for her own lightsabers.")
Weren't both the twins in the Vader comics not force attuned? I just assumed their lightsabers were completely synthetic. 
What I took away from this is, "Try not to read too much into anything having to do with Cylo in the Vader comic."  'Tis a silly place.
And basically Anakin's saber should have turned red during the raid of the Jedi temple.
The official reason was "scheduling conflicts", which is Hollywood code for "I don't want to talk about it." [Giacchino doesn't even know why](http://www.ew.com/article/2016/11/23/rogue-one-composer-michael-giacchino-music-star-wars-standalone?xid=entertainment-weekly_socialflow_twitter)
Desplat said he didn't have enough time. 
Reshoots.
Yeah, it'd be new and refreshing. And there can still be star destroyers at the bottom of the ocean or sticking out of islands 
I think that concept art looks cool but I like the stark shift from a dry desert planet at the beginning to a lush water planet at the end
She's literally on an almost all water planet right now in the story. And will be there in Episode 8. 
Anything besides another desert planet would have been better. 
Force sensitive beings flourish on a planet that either teem with life (Dagobah) or one that is nearly devoid of it. (Tatooine and Jakku).
Anything than NotTatooine would have been better.
It would have broken up the parallels with ANH, which would have been nice, but I think Jakku worked fine as a desert world. People would have just complained that it was a rip off of Kamino anyway, and a water world still isn't really something *new*.
That looks incredibly cool and original,  but of course j.j was on member berries while making the film so instead we got tatooine 2.0 and luke 2.0 
I would have liked if Jakku was a planet of constant and nonstop sandstorms 
This actually hyped me up big time
American leads but filmed in Britain so everyone else was local.
Where they come from. It seems that the officers have that snobby rich kid attitude. They grew up in the upper levels of Coruscant or the richest places of Corellia or Carida or Eriadu etc. the British accent makes people sound more educated in that role.

The American accent is like a western cowboy like feel. They come from backwater planets that are being oppressed. But if you listen to the stormtroopers they also have American like accents
It's an old Hollywood convention dating back to the Biblical epics of the 50s.  Jesus and his buddies always had American accents so they would seem familiar to US audiences and therefore be automatically accepted as the good guys while the Romans always had English accents to mark them as the bad guys.
All the stormtroopers had american accents.
It's TV trope called Evil Brit. Their voices sound amazing for villains and bad guys. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7gR7EYjcP8

.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fGas3e7p_9A
Because reasons, that's why! 
All Brits are intergalactic space nazis
I always remember the one Rebel pilot with a southern drawl in the roll call scene as they approach the Death Star.
 Also one of the gangsters who chases Han in TFA had a thick Scottish accent.
  I love watching the uncut footage with David Prowses voice as Vader...he sounds like Shrek with his angry Scottish brogue 
They're not bad, but the BS series helmet is smaller than the screen used ones
I've always called day 2 Revenge of the Fifth
Has someone finally made an emulator with JTL working?!?
This game has aged rather well. If I managed to find my original discs I'd play it in a heartbeat.
If memory serves me correctly, Luke was using the force in the trench run which was why Vader could sense it. Leia has never used the force in his presence
I think of it like a submarine -- you have to be making noise for someone to detect you.  Luke was pinging away with active sonar while trying to destroy the Death Star, but as far as we know, Leia doesn't even have the ability to consciously call on the Force.  No ping, no return.
At that point Luke had (admirably minimal) training in the ways of the Force, so Vader was able to sense his connection that was beginning to form. Leia had never received any training, so her force abilities weren't strong enough to sense. 
Leia wasn't intended to be a force sensitive during ANH. She wasn't actually planned to be Luke's sister even by the end of ESB.
Maybe Leia has a sucky connection to the Force, taking after her mother. Didn't help that she received no training throughout the entire trilogy. She doesn't seem to have any demonstrable powers so far even in Episode 7, other than her capacity to sense loved ones (Han).
Because Luke was actively using the Force, Leia was not.
This is a really cool and good headcanon. 
That would be pretty awesome, not gonna lie. Especially since Rakata Prime is still Canon.
That's a pretty cool thought. Hopefully they go into more detail in novels in the future
You're talking about a section of a galaxy.. which would be an enormous amount of space. I have a hard time imagining the force could have an impact so far and wide as the result of force-wielder collectives.


The common explanation is that knowledge of the "Inner Core" systems (where the Jedi and Sith originated) is just old and unreliable. Hyperspace lanes have collapsed or become too unstable over the millennia.  This was backed up in VII: TFA.
What happened on Mortis was just a Force vision shared by our heroes. Other than that, interesting observation, we'll see whether they'll pull this thread.
It's "Dark Empire" all over again.
Any chance it shares any similarities with the old Star Wars Rebellion for the computer?

Soon to be canon.
edit: /s
Goddamn this game is beautiful to look at but I still haven't wrapped my head around the rules properly.
DO NOT WANT
My group played this yesterday. I feel bad... I've played both sides twice and have a really really good feel for what both sides do. We just got the Boba Fett action card and Lure of the Dark Side. I was just waiting for them to send Luke to "find Yoda". They did it. We captured him. Played the Boba Fett card so no one interferes with the process. Easy turn. Yoda just had to sit there on Dagobah in horror as the Emperor beat him again. 

10/10
Good. Good! *smiles menacingly* 
The last time I played, Chewie was turned to the dark side and went on to freeze Han in carbonite. I didn't do so well after that.
I wish I had friends.
Well done. Did you send General Riekan to oppose? 7 dice losing to 5 dice is tough luck but it happens. 
 
 
It is cool that the game can have moments like this, or like when the rebel objective cards let's luke kill an enemy leader.
Played this the other week, 2 v 1. Me and my General (Empire) concocted a brilliant plan which would make use of the 'force them to tell you three planets, base must be one of them' and 'make opponent unable to contest' cards.  
  Bastard used his 'move base card' straight after. I nearly table flipped
I'd sign on for that.
Only one that would work would be the Siege of Mandalore.

The Bad Batch on Kashyyyk one was more of spiritual and different points of view arc.

The rest was either released in some way already or wasn't about fighting.
I really hope there are clone wars battles in the next battlefront, I really want to see photorealistic clones and droids in game and use all the vehicles from that era.  Can you imagine what a modern Felucia map would look like?
Because the Clone Wars were so widespread and had so many heroes, from Clone officers to Jedi, I think Battlefield 1's War Stories campaign would be a good template for a Star Wars Battlefront Clone Wars campaign. Each mission would be its own self-contained short story centered around the same conflict. This way, we get to see more than what a standard linear campaign would offer. 

I also believe that, if we are to get a EA/DICE Clone Wars Battlefront, it'll be a spinoff of the new series of games, like Battlefield Hardline was for the Battlefield franchise. 
[Yes.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQRW0RM4V0k)
That's actually a really good idea. Have a campaign leading to the rescue mission for the chancellor (Which I think is what the Clone Wars was supposed to end at)
So much Jedi action though, they'd need to make the melee more like Dark Souls or Witcher or something to be enjoyable, hero controls are atrocious in these games.
As someone who is not a huge gamer, I wouldn't really like this idea. I would prefer that they release them in comic or book form, or maybe even an animated movie on the Siege of Mandalore. I'm also still holding out hope that they will finish the show one day, as unlikely as it seems. But maybe when they're finished with their main plans of films and other TV shows they can go back and complete the rest of TCW, and release them on Netflix or something. Wishful thinking, I know.
I would be happy just simply having Clone Wars as an option. There's a reason the first few Battlefront games focused so heavily on them.
While I was already hoping for Clone Wars era battles in BF2, I hadn't actually realised how much I wanted to see TCW connections in game.

I'm just thinking about how awesome a realistically modelled Rex or Ahsoka hero character would be. In fact, I think you'd almost have to rework the mechanic to reflect the different balance in forces present in the Clone Wars. There are obviously a lot more Jedi running around taking personal command of the clone forces, so maybe Clone Wars heroes could be individually weaker but more numerous, especially if you also through in all the clone commanders like Cody and Gree. 

The scope for character customisation is also way bigger than the OT. Unlockable unit colour schemes would be awesome. 
I'd like that Idea, however some of those episodes which I watched weren't that great. Echo was brought back from the dead but he was kind of lame. I'd rather see the story arc of Rex getting his chip removed, and the explanation for his absence in Revenge of The Sith. I'd also like to see the rise of Appo, Bly, Neyo, Gree, and Bacara. The return of Gregor would be cool as well as Wolffe's departure and removal of his chip. 
I'd honestly rather they didn't. 

The best DICE has ever done with a campaign has been "pretty good" followed by "ok" and then everything else is downhill from there.

I'd rather they just make a fully complete 100% multiplayer title and let a studio that knows what the hell they're doing handle a narrative.
Han Solo would be in Slytherin.

Search your feelings, you know it to be true.
Why did you put Leia in Hufflepuff?  
Prince Xizor: Slytherin
I'd put Luke and Rey in Hufflepuff. Leia in Gryffindor. Han and R2D2 in Slytherin with Vader. Kylo in Ravenclaw.
I'd reorganize it a little:

Gryffindor: Luke, Han and Poe

Hufflepuff: Chewbacca, R2, Finn and Rey. 

Ravenclaw: Leia, Obi-Wan, Yoda and 3PO 

Slytherin: Vader and Kylo

I think Vader would be a Gryffindor. After all, he was once a Jedi.

Dumbledore was a Gryffindor, and he was lead down a dark path as a young man. It could happen.
[deleted]
I would assume everyone subscribed to this subreddit that lives in the US will be doing the same.

I mean, *I am*. I've been on pins and needles for these tickets to blast my wallet and the anticipation has been terrible. Tonight will be a huge relief once they are in hand.
I'm here with you. LPT: open several different websites that offer tickets, so that if one or two crash, you can still get in your order.
I won't be, thankfully. Only because my local cinema is stuck in the dark ages and only sells tickets through their own website and they've decided to wait til 10AM tomorrow to open sales.
I'm in Australia,  just got excellent tickets with a minimum of fuss,  can't wait :D
For me it was wake up early, rather than stay up late. 5:00am in my timezone
I'm so ready!

When I tried to buy tickets for The Force Awakens last year, the Fandango app kept crashing but I still managed to get 7 tickets for everyone in my group. 

May the Force be with you all tonight!
Do you guys remember when TFAs tickets released they soft released like an hour is so before they should have? I'm hoping that will happen tonight.
They've been on sale for a week in England, got mine, can't fuckin wait.
Stayed up till like 7 am to purchase them.. Quite a shock when I found the tickets were like ~~$28~~ $29 each.
Fucking hell Disney. I hate 3D, still looks like blurry shit. Normally at my theater I can at least go to the RPX showing when the IMAX is forced to be all 3D. Money grubbing vultures at Disney have even forced the RPX here to be 3D only. This sucks. 
I would but Carmike has no showtimes listed anywhere to buy tickets as of yet.
Only of course!
Yeah, it sucks because I was up late last night and at work by 0630 today and have work early again tomorrow.
The AMC Theaters website is total shit.  Won't even load and format correctly for mobile.  I wanted to buy tickets on my phone but I guess cause AMC is stuck in the dark ages I've got to do it on PC at midnight...
Damn I forgot about these tickets. I see Muvico Rosemont has no tickets listed :(
I was just getting ready to buy them at 12:01, but ShowCase Cinema is selling now! Got two for Thursday! I'm extra excited because now I can go to bed. 
Wow.  Cinemark literally sold out all the local showings in two minutes, and Fandango is down.
Well that was a bloodbath. Got our 7pm Thurs tickets but we were forced into the 3D. Still stoked to be going! 
I bought mine an hour ago...surprisingly the cinema looks like it's selling at about the same rate TFA did.
WOOOOO!!! 18 DAYS!!!

The Cineplex site (for Canada) was all buggy last night but I got my tickets early this morning (5 am).

My wakeup alarm is now set to the Imperial Alarm. AWOOO AWOOO!
I got my tickets at 1201. Front and center.  When I got up at 6 for work I checked and the theater was sold out except for 2 separate singles in the back on the sides.  

With assigned seating theaters,  being first was a bit more important to me. Glad I stayed up.  Also will be the GF's first SW movie! 
not at all. im more than willing to wait a week or two for a quiet viewing experience. good for you for being proactive, i hope you enjoy your show.
I've already got mine, December 16th at 12:30 pm :)
I've been checking the Cineplex website here in Canada almost hourly. I neeeed opening night tix. Not even sure if Cineplex is selling them tomorrow but damn it I am going to check anyway. 
My local has them up for sale in 28 minutes. Not much of a late nights for me :) 
Rofl no. I will buy tickets when I go to cinema to watch it. 
I GOT 32 TICKETS FOR OPENING NIGHT!!! YES YES YES
Nope. I'm going to beat the crowds and go see it Dec 17th. Same thing I did with EP7. Walked right up to the window and bought the ticket. None of this pre order bullshit. Have fun with that.
Can you see out of that thing.

Oh, and you are a little short for a stormtrooper 
Think you're cool holding your blaster like some kinda rebel? Stick to your training, trooper, I don't care if you can't hit a single target that way. 
Are they going to allow us to wear helmets inside the theater this time? I can understand not letting us bring blasters but..I really hope they don't stop us at the door and say no helmets :(
How comfy is it sitting in the theater in full costume?
TK421 why aren't you at your Post?
Heads up!!! Many theaters don't allow helmets.  Many also don't allow you to bring them in (cause they know you'll just put them on!) if you wait in line for that great seat you want,  it will suck HARD to go put your helmet up and lose that perfect seat.  
I'll be a little bit bummed if they aren't all goddamned dead.

Not only would it make their sacrifice more interesting if they all get die, but it would explain why none of these heroes of the Rebellion ever showed up again anywhere in the OT films (and would also explain why the "Rogue" name became a tribute within the Rebellion).
Agree with most, but here's my thoughts on it. I think Organa is safe for one big reason and that's emotional impact. Yes, it's emotional seeing Alderaan blowing up and seeing Leia's reaction, however, it wouldn't be quite the same if we knew Organa was already deceased. Not only did Leia lose her planet, her friends, and citizens, but she also lost her "father". I think Rook is done for especially after that third trailer where it mentions that we will do it, no matter the cost (butchered that I know) and it shows him behind a crate or something looking conflicted and then running for his life. Krennic I am conflicted on. He's obviously high, high up. He's not mentioned in Tarkin and he's not mentioned ever again. He must've done something grave. We see him monologing about the death star to Vader (we know.Vader loves that) and later looking scared as Vader moves in at badass pace. He won't make it. Gerrara's story will finally be complete and he will bite the bullet I believe. I think K2-4SO is safe. I think Chirrut's death will be the thing that brings the team together. Just my ramblings.
Why would Bail Organa have such a high rate of dying in this film?  I think Leia would have heard about the death of her father pretty quickly, and she seemed quite chipper when talking to Vader prior to the death star.  

Though she does seem to get over Alderaan pretty quick. 
Krennic's dying but not by the rebels, I think Vader's gonna choke him the fuck out. 
Agree with most of this but I'd move up Cassian. He's quite high up in the Alliance yet we never see or hear from him again. And if he goes, I think K2 goes too.
  
I go back and forth on Jyn, she could die but I think they will want to have at least *someone* make it, and she has the best spinoff potential.
I prefer the other side of the coin: what is Vader's final kill tally by the end of the film?
Wait, Porkins is in Rogue One?

I'm more hyped than ever!
> Saw Gerrera 

Nah, he might not end up dead. 
I'm gonna say it again and I know I'll get hate again for it, no way they kill Jyn. Bad PR move for Disney.
Just finished writing my script to refresh the showing I want, once you can select tickets it will select the number of tickets, go to seat selection, search for the best seats in the middle of my designated rows, then proceed to the checkout page and wait for me to fill in my information. It takes it about a quarter of a second to choose seats testing it :)

I expect it to fail miserably when the tickets go on sale though lol.

EDIT: Managed to get my seats just before they went to the queue, phew. Took about 15 minutes of refreshing before the page finally loaded.
Right with you, buddy. I'm rounding up my list of who is going with me as we speak.

I mean, the theater we're going to will be pretty open, but still. Star Wars is my version of religion.
I have two iPads, a laptop, and my phone all with different applications open. One of them is bound to work. 
Squad is armed and ready with iDevices
Trying to decide whether I should see the movie at El Capitan Theater or at the Chinese Theater in IMAX. Also, if at the IMAX, would 7 pm on Thursday be the best showing to attend? This would be my first Star Wars premiere in LA and want to get the best of it.
The husband and I frequent the local Cinemark A LOT and have gotten to know several of the ushers there. Tonight on the way out one of them said "Hey, remember 11 pm tonight!" (aside, we're CST). Husband and I both gave a thumbs up and I shouted "SAVE THE REBELLION!" #nerdmoments
Yeah my theater told me that they don't start selling them until the 13th. So I'm not really sure what to do there haha chance it and wait or just go to a major theater site that'll likely crash and keep me locked out for a while. 

Edit- ended up going to another and got pretty good IMAX seats. It worked out. 
Multiple windows and apps will be open. I don't think it will be as bad as TFA was but I also wasn't so worried about getting an opening show slot for that one either.
Do you guys have any tips for getting tickets off Fandango ? This is my first time trying to get tickets for an opening night screening. Just worried they are gonna sell out before I can get my tickets. 
Fandango and Cinemark kept freezing on all my devices. took 20 minutes to get through and by that time the exact seats i wanted were taken but still got decent seats. just disappointing that this happens every year.
5 mins!
and Fandango is down... 
SHould I even bother for a single ticket in standard viewing tonight, or wait until the morning? I realized my printer doesn't even have any ink left either...shit. 
For some reason I thought I was going to be doing this tomorrow night. THANK YOU.
Eh, I'll just wait till I see the movie to buy tickets. Last year for TFA I bought my tickets at the box office the night I saw it and everything worked out perfectly. 
Tickets are on sale now!
Did you not watch the movie? Hugging kylo ren is a very bad idea.
The Joker in Batman: Arkham City (voiced by Mark Hamill) is in dire need of a hug. Just saying.

[Arkham City Spoilers](/s "Batman learns that the unstable properties of the Titan formula are mutating in Joker's blood, gradually killing him.")


I nominated Borderlands 2 for that award, but I bet Kylo would enjoy a good hug.
I'd say Darth Maul. Poor guys been through a lot
Ehh... I don't know if Kylo or Snoke really need a hug. I already nominated Sister Location anyways. 
Love the game, but no. Absolutely not.
I agree. Especially with the X wing scene you mentioned. Now there is zero tension in that scene. 

The best thing you can do is avoid trailers after the first couple.  These TV spots just show too much in my opinion. 
Somewhat yes, though I think the only thing that really bugged me was the Death Star firing. That seems like it'll be a big moment in the film, and with as iconic as the Death Star is that seemed like way too big a reveal.
I felt exactly the same about the scene. I regretted watching that trailer even though it's a minor detail in appearance.  

It only reinforces how beautifully crafted the Episode 7 trailer was.  
You saw the trailer, thought it showed too much and, as a result.....watched it nine more times? Makes sense to me. 
Nah. That seems like a minor detail to me. It's only bad when they reveal something like a major twist or the ending. 
I agree to an extent but I knew that was a risk when I chose to watch the trailers. I have friends who've avoided all trailers and info about the movie to this point because they knew they were going to go see it no matter what.
AT-ACT ftfy 
Don't watch the trailers online. Or at least don't watch them multiple times. If you want the movie going experience to be the best you should try to not watch every single trailer as they are released.

Trailers are only revealing if you watch them.
I feel like Star Wars is usually very good at not revealing plot in the trailers. I would have preferred to not see the X-Wing take out the AT-ACT, but that's a pretty small plot point at the end of the day.
definitely agree about the X-Wing/AT-ACT moment, as soon as i saw it in the trailer I wished I hadn't. so far that has been the only thing that was too revealing for me in the trailers though
I'm just glad they aren't revealing any cameos.
Can't know until we've seen the final cut of the movie. 
Yeah, I didn't read your post or any of these comments because I don't want to be spoiled. I only watched the first trailer.
I've managed to avoid all the TV trailers, and I only watched the last (3rd?) trailer about 3 times when it came out, because I felt last year I'd spoilt TFA by seeking out all these damn trailers. I managed something similar with ROTS after I'd spoilt AOTC for myself by finding an entire synopsis of the plot 6 months before it came out.
Just contain yourselves guys...
And if you fuck this one up just wait til next year and try again.
AT-ACT
Same person who has been suggested previously. They need to find the best person for the job. And if that happens to be a female then great. But don't make that a criteria when looking for a director.
I'd be so down for Bigelow Star Wars. Zero Dark Thirty is one of my favorites. She's a fantastic director who tackles her stories with such raw intensity, I think she'd be a great fit for the universe.
Michelle MacLaren.
>She's experienced, won Best Director (even though her movie didn't win Best Picture that year, which may even be a pro, that she stood out as a director, even though her movie didn't win overall).

*Hurt Locker* [won](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_accolades_received_by_The_Hurt_Locker) Best Picture *and* Best Director at the 82nd Academy Award ceremony.
r/StarWarsTattoo
/r/nevertellmetheodds 
Fucking gorgeous. Always strange to me how simple line tats (which are still cool) get so popular on this sub and beautiful traditional ones get kinda buried. Where'd you get this done?
No chance they end it without some semblance of a happy ending. 

> It seems like a real possibility with the New Republic being destroyed and most of the First Order making it off of Starkiller. 

Not even sure why this is relevant. The New Republic wanted nothing to do with the Resistance anyways. That's why the Resistance was created.
Its a bit of a mess.   The New Republic central command was destroyed, many of the resistance fighters and  StarKiller Base which seemed to house a lot of the First Order troops.   
I figured it would a fax to pc, and Leia would burn the plans to a mini cd-R, then delete the email.
If memory serves, someone (Vader?) says that a transmission was "beamed" to the blockade runner. 

Edit: [BEAMED confirmed](https://youtu.be/_GBEM3ExYuI?t=2m50s).  
I'm assuming they'll be beamed over to the Tantive IV just before Jyn's ship explodes/rams into Krennic's ship/etc.
Vader states in ANH that rebels transmitted the plans to the Tantive IV
I really hope it ends with a shot of tantive IV cruising through space 
I hope it ends with a shot of Captain Antilles, Princess Leia, R2-D2, and C-3PO aboard the bridge of the Tantive IV receiving the plans
Sent via rowboat.
A universe that has droids, clones, bionic replacement, laser guns, Death Stars, hyper drives, anti gravity devices, ....but no email
I think she'll physically put them in Leia's hand and through some manner of CGI fuckery, we'll see the young Carrie Fisher in the movie's final moments.
"What is a Jedi's favorite car?" - A ToYODA 
Why do Episodes 4-5-6 come before 1-2-3?
Because in charge of planning, Yoda was
YoDa man funny guy!!
Episode 9 and the other films are going back to May releases I believe though.
Hi.  I bought tickets last night from that same theater (UA KOP 16.)  I bought tickets for the 8 PM show Dec 15.  I was also shocked that they didn't offer reserved seating.  If you check, you will see that no shows are offered with reserved seating until Dec 23 in the Imax theater.  This really sucks because reserved seating is made for movies like Rogue One.  I'm probably gonna have to go 4 hours before showtime to get good seats now.

Btw, I'm not sure this is an error.  I have a theory that Regal lost money with reserved seating when TFA came out last year.  With reserved seating, some seats will never be sold because the buyers will see how poor they are.  Thus they probably got fewer sellouts in the first weeks then they normally would.  With open seating, everyone thinks they will get good seats (when they really won't.)  More shows will sell out initially.  When the late arrivers show up and can't get good seats, they will still probably stay and watch the movie because they will be out anyway.  Just a theory, though.
Hello fellow PA people. I've never seen reserved seating here.  Do they usually do it?  I bought tickets for the movie tavern in Collegeville specifically because all of their online ticket sales offer reserved seats, regardless of the movie. 
I saw TFA opening night at the first showing at my local theater. Although it is a huge and popular theater they did not offer any reserved seating until this year. 

Anyway, I showed up at 5:30-5:45 for the 7:15 showing and had no problems getting middle/center seats.  YMMV but I wouldn't expect you need to be in line hours and hours early
When I was in the student section from 2011-2013 there was a halo spartan decked out in penn state colors. 
That girl in the back is derping hard
I love when my two favorite subreddits meet
Why carry out Order 66 when there's football to watch?
Virginia Tech had a Hokie Trooper for a while.
There's a guy that calls himself the Imperial Stormcougar.

https://twitter.com/uhstormtrooper
I hope she's dead.  In fact I hope all of them are so that its true when Yoda says to Luke, "When gone am I, the last of the Jedi will you be."  

I've had about enough of secretly surviving force wielders.
"Her canonical death was confirmed, as being killed by Darth Vader during Order 66, in the 2016 reference book Star Wars: Galactic Atlas."
-- [Wookiepedia.](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Shaak_Ti#cite_note-Hidalgo_Tweet-9)
she is officially dead. she died during order 66 in the jedi temple. me too i love shaak ti but i think its better that way that she died during order 66.
With Grevious killing her with a blue lightsaber in a deleted scene from Revenge of the Sith and Shaak Ti being killed the exact same way in Yoda's vision in The Cone Wars, I think we can safely assume that she's dead. 
No, she is definitely dead.  Even though it was in a deleted scene, she is dead.
Wasn't she in one of the video games ...the one where Vaders secret apprentice hints her down on a jungle planet? Never played it..just read an a game review and saw some proposed artwork
In The Clone Wars TV Show, one of the episodes involves Yoda seeing a vision of Shaak Ti being impaled from being by a blue lightsaber, basically like the deleted scene where she is killed by Vader. 

So yes, she's officially dead in canon.
These videos will be the death of Youtube. So much garbage nowadays. 
I think this video sums up all my frustrations about Star Wars.
That depends. What do you like and what would you consider unique?
I have a shirt which features Darth Vader walking an AT-AT (on a leash) down an alley, I would say that's unique...
I'm still trying to find a purchaseable Boba Fett on motorcycle shirt. One day. 
One of those emoji shirts, idk about Star Wars stuff though.
On that note, you all ready for some more Star Wars?
What reddit drama?
My god people....its a fantastic time to be alive as a Star Wars fan.....
You Imperial bastard.
[Drama?](http://giphy.com/gifs/Mir5fnHxvXrTa)
I for one am VERY excited for the Maul comic, finally getting some more pre-TPM content.
/r/Empiredidnothingwrong. 

You had to go and bring up politics...
I doubt that would happen here anyways.   
BB Sleigh8. 

I'll see myself out.
May your Apple career B-Bright! ;)
Nice!
You can! 

Just watch Empire Strikes Back, and there's a [scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-DeI3ohVbY&t=4m47s) with Luke and Vader and Luke totally hits him in THAT pauldron, whereupon Vader advances upon Luke in that kind of menacing look.  

Just we see it from the side/above, and not exactly like that, but pretty much.
There's no one in this movie powerful enough or good enough to be able to do that to Vader. Nah. If this were a movie about Vader's early years in the suit hunting down Jedi, I could see it happening. But not with the "fodder" characters in Rogue One.
He should actually be bleeding in that picture. Anakin's right arm was cut off at the elbow. This damage is to flesh.
I'd love to know what happened to most of the senators after the empire started, she seemed like a interesting character 
I love how you have both Legends and Canon planets on there.

Had a fun time searching for my favorite planet, Cathar.
[Could you put the rest of the canon planets on there too?](https://jedi-bibliothek.de/blog/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/9781368003063prev1.jpg)
I spent more time reading your map than I'm proud of. This is amazing. 
Did they explain how Fin,Han and Rey saw Hosnian Prime blow up from Takodana if their not in the same system? 
Are the actual locations of all these planets confirmed?
In the space battle above Naboo, I believe he says something similar to R2.  Sorry, I've got no references.
I've been watching TCW over the last two weeks (half way through season 4)... and I can swear he says that too! Almost multiple times to Ahsoka / Obi-Wan at least (maybe Rex too?), but like you I can't find any evidence! lol... I'll keep watching in the next week and keep you updated.

ps. it could be something just along the lines of "Just get to the ___, *I'll* worry about the ___"
Gold comes with a season pass, still gotta download all the DLC.

The best bet for buying it would be PSN... But, limited internet, so can't help you further there...
Luke's spirits at the end on return of the Jedi 
In canon, he held back the leg of an AT-AT in the Vader comics. In the novel Lords of the Stih, he grabbed a freighter mid flight and slammed it into the ground so hard that it exploded. In Legends, he's done many things. The one thing I can recall him doing is holding up a collapsed cathedral that was going to come down on top of him for days, and that was even without his respirator.
*sigh*  Your mom.  I'm sorry.
Don't forget that he would have been a lot more powerful with all his limbs and no suit.  I have no idea though 
he threw the whole senate to a reactor with his bare arms and a little bit of the force, that shit is beyond yoda
AT-AT leg in rebels, maybe.
Might as well have just used the sensationalist title of the article. All I can  really say is Galloway has succeeded at writing an [opinion piece](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/89/6c/70/896c709f43615dd13925a621c60c9433.gif).

> Even die-hard fans acknowledge that — beside the original trilogy, the later films are mere entertainments, sometimes better, sometimes worse, but never life-altering.

I *love* when journalists speak for everyone else, backed by nothing but their own thinly veiled bias. How much art is *actually* life-altering in the first place? But at least the guy got a platform to express himself, so props for that, I guess.
TL:DR : "Nobody thinks Star Wars is very good, even the people that like it. Also, I don't like it."

No sources, no data from post 1977, no original critique.

What a read. 
"Nor were people massively enthusiastic about last year’s Star Wars: The Force Awakens"

Seriously, I wish people would stop repeating this crap. Sure, some vocal people have issues with it, but christ on a stick, it has a 92% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes and 81 out of 100 on metacritic.

Those of us who loved and enjoyed that film are in the vast majority, but it seems to be "cool" to say it was pants, but that opinion is really in the minority.

Welcome to to the post-fact world, I guess.
Not sure submitting an article here about someone who hates Star Wars was a smart move. 
The guy say himself he doesn't understand SW. If he thinks SW has little artistic merit, it's like his opinion really. Like any random dude on the internet.
I appreciate this, it's refreshing, but a lot of this is plain wrong. I feel dirty saying that about an opinion, but a lot of its reasoning is wrong. People do defend Star Wars as a work of art, and it's absolutely culturally iconic. This article goes on about the prequels, and while I do agree with a lot of what they say about them, I don't think it's all that relevant, because the Star Wars prequels aren't really as culturally iconic as the OT.
That could be the coolest poster ever if it had the Imperial Emblem instead of the Rebel one. Seems like an oversight.
[I took the liberty to remove that rebel propaganda from this excellent piece of Imperial art.](http://i.imgur.com/GLZUFIR.jpg)
Death Troopers? Way to do propaganda. These are *Peace Keepers* in a violent civil war.

/r/EmpireDidNothingWrong
Can we get a Mon Mothma poster already?!
Are they going for Stormtroopers = German army, Death Troopers = SS type of thing?
why a rebel symbol though? 
With the photoshop it almost doesn't look like Ben Mendelsohn.. other than that, cool poster I guess.
The attention to detail on the Death Troopers armour is phenomenal!
Are we sure that's actually Ben Mendhelson? Looks like a younger cgi doppelganger.
About to drop the hottest mixtape in the Outer Rim.
I like the death star blue prints on top of Krennic and his troopers
Made it an iPhone wallpaper:

https://imgur.com/gallery/GiBHL
Even if this was a poster with rebels on it instead the emblem would still look really out of place with the style of the poster. Other than that it's a really sick poster.
haha, looks like ed helms. He's trying to figure out how to become Michael's #2 in the office.
Hey, that guy kinda looks like Ben Mendelsohn. 

*Kinda.*
So, Krennic carries a blaster?
Death Star Break. This guy has the blueprints of the base tattooed on his coat.
That is one weird boy band. 
Daniel fucking Rayburn. What a guy. 
The rebel logo is so hideous in this otherwise perfect poster.
What's with that green overlay / reflection / deathstar plan or whatever. It looks ugly as hell. I prefer a much cleaner image to this mess.
I hope some of the clones are death troopers
Krennic's mixtape is going to be
Fuego if this is the cover. 
I thought they already recanonized the classic [Death Troopers](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Death_Troopers) with that [iPhone game](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Star_Wars:_Commander). These don't look like zombies to me.
Spaced those were called death troopers, so I was thinking this was gonna be about that book Death Trooper, where storm troopers have to fight off a zombie plague. 
Reading Catalyst really changes how I view this poster. First thing I think is "That manipulative bastard".
Is it just me or does Krennic look different in every picture or movie scene that I see him in?
Bendelsohn looks a little off
Dude looks like Dr. Leo Spaceman.
I don't know a lot about Star Wars, but this dude is evil as fuck, right?
Is that Ed Helms?
I love how the death star plans are displayed on them as well.  So cool!
Love the tactical look they gave the Death Troopers, head to toe with ammo pouches and extra weapons. 
Why does the left trooper's helmet seem so much longer-nosed?  The different head angle and perspective doesn't seem enough to cause the discrepancy imo.  The downward curve at the bottom of his helmet also seems much more pronounced (allowing for the longer nose).
With how much they have been promoting him, I have really high expectations for this actor.
Is that an AKS-74U muzzle?  Empire must be dealing with them dang budget cuts.
He looks like he's clearly his throat before making an epic speech.
Is that a pocket on Krennic's cape?
I think if you the Empire logo could be behind them all  it would be amazing! Maybe black and larger. Fuck yeah
Someobody told the late 90's to redesign the stormtroopers.
His face looks off.
It took me forever to notice that that's not just some crazy pattern on the clothes and armor, it's the blueprints to the Deathstar being projected onto them.
I bet the death troopers can't hit the broad side of a barn
Is that Dr spaceman? 
Really digging the modified DLT-19 on that one trooper.
It's Danny from Bloodline!!!!  Dude is such a lit actor. He is going to kill this roll. 
Now if we can only get a confirmed release date through CGV.... I need to buy my tickets.
What's with the green decoration on the death troopers? Space camouflaged?
Seems like he's got indigestion, and is about to burp.
The Nard-dawg as Kennic.

*I'm in charge of security for the Death Star project.  Ever heard of it???*
Does he feel in charge?
Bot! Beep beep! I'm all about top posts!

This post had 5,000 upvotes and got posted to twitter [@Reddit5000](https://twitter.com/Reddit5000) and subreddit /r/reddit5000!

The tweet: https://twitter.com/Reddit5000/status/802834742450089989

--------------------

^^All ^^7,500 ^^upvotes ^^are ^^on ^^[@Reddit7500](https://twitter.com/Reddit7500) ^^and ^^/r/reddit7500

^^And ^^most ^^importantly ^^all ^^10,000 ^^posts ^^on ^^[@Reddit10000](https://twitter.com/Reddit10000) ^^and ^^/r/reddit10000
Those Death Troopers look bad-ass, but something about the balance or framing of the overall image seems slightly off to me.
Oooh! This is nice!!
I'm excited to see some new troopers, especially being a huge fan of the Force Unleashed games. But why are we seeing different troopers when none of these guys showed up in the OT? Is anyone else wondering that? 

It's not going to ruin the picture for me, just a thought. 
Im very excited for this movie.  But death troopers is a stupid name. 
I'm such a nerd! :D
"Death" troopers...*sigh*
[deleted]
*cough*
He looks like a little kid though, right? Is that just me?
I looks to me that there are some added filters to these stills. Anakin's is the biggest giveaway.

Saying that, I do agree Phantom Menace holds up the best, visually, of all the prequels.
These frames barely have any CGI to not hold up. Try one of those godawful Gungan frames.
When I try to rank the prequels, episode 1 is always above 2 because it at least filmed on sets/locations  and had some practical effects. Episode 2 has aged the worst out of all three
Except for this shot http://i.stack.imgur.com/rXJuh.jpg
Cool, is this the seasonal repost of prequel visual shots that hold up...such as frames of Anakin, Palpatine with Amidala, etc. and we're all supposed to be impressed?
I might be on the minority in this, but I think the film's visual longevity has a lot to do with the fact that it was the last one shot on film.  
It really doesn't. I saw it on the big screen in the TFA marathon in December and most of the effects just do not hold up at all. The best looking effect now is the 2011 Version of cgi Yoda.
I dont agree. It does have great visuals, but the quality was never very consistent.
Especially the transitions between set pieces and flat greenscreen projections are very noticable.
To my knowledge that wasnt due to a technical limitation.

Also on a side note, I find lots of the design decissions very questionable. Some feel like a design by commission - others are just bad and uninspired.
One great example is the jedi council that looks like its been design as a toy set instead  of a unique location of a very special geoup of people.

What gets me is thinking that Phantom Menace is "old." Still seems like "the new Star Wars."
I thought Phantom Menace had some seriously beautiful and well made shots. Is the CGI necessarily up to modern standards? No. But what Phantom Menace (and the prequels in general) captured that most A grade action films do not is the aesthetics of the world it is portraying (Star Wars universe). That's what makes many of the shots memorable and still looking great.
TPM is still beautiful. Those sweeping shots of Theed are amazing. 
Shot on film, cleaned up for BluRay release.  I would say also they probably put more effort into the look since it was the first star wars film in 16 years.
I think the Phantom Menace get's a lot of unwarranted hate, yes, it isn't the as good as the original trilogy, but it by far isn't the worst film ever made, and it certainly isn't the worst of the the prequels. In comparison to Attack of the Clones, the Phantom Menace, in my opinion has far more memorable scenes, such as the pod racing and the fight between Qui Gon, Obi Wan & Maul. Whereas with Attack of the Clones, I find myself cringing at the Anakin and Padme scenes, and the fight at the end isn't particularly memorable. 

I personally believe the hate it receives is due to the it's unfortunate position of being the first of the prequels that were released, and it carry's the stain of being a disappointment, but if you look past Jar Jar and some of the just cringe within this film, it certainly it's as bad as people make it out to be.
Been about 20 years, isn't it bout time for a special edition?
This one has a lot of practical. The other 2 look god awful now. The clones in The Clone Wars cartoon look more realistic than the clones in episode 2.
I don't think cinematogaphy really degrades.
Shame the film itself is awful
This movie still looks terrible and is terrible.
I think all of the Prequels hold up pretty darn well. They're amazingly beautiful.
If only the same could be said for the acting...
I've always thought Ep 1 looked great. Gorgeous production design, costumes, and shot like these.
If only Lucas collaborated with some of the people working on the film instead of just intimidating them all to the point of not saying anything, these could've been great.
The visuals keep The Phanton Menace from being the worst prequel.
Until you pull up a high res screenshot of yoda. Oof.
Minus all the now-awful CGI
Yeah, it still looks like the same random pile of dogshit it always did.
By the way, of all the prequels I would say thay the best looking bits are on Mustafar where the emporor collects Anakin......also the Vader helmet scene is simply stunning imho!
Has the best duel of all 7. Ep 3 was impressive but wasn't visceral and looked too much like a dance
It's got some wonderful Iconic imagery. Love that movie.
It stands up way better than 2 & 3. So many more of the effects were done the old way with models and miniatures, instead of objects or scenes built from the ground up in a computer. Bums me out that even TFA didn't go this far with the practical effects.
It's so funny how the boring flat angle in the middle right is considered visually stunning.
this is my fave
"...and by the way, what kind of wood polish did we use on this table? Berthie's oil soap? That sheen is ridiculous. Send a bottle of whatever it is back with Maul..."
As was expected when coming to a post about Ep1, there is much discussion about the short coming of the prequel trilogy. The movie would not have been as widely critisized as they were had the dialog been on point. GL tried way to hard to make this movie appeal to kids and female fans. IF it had been filmed in the same mindset that say Rogue 1 is now, it may not have been that bad. Jake Lloyd probably wasn't the best acting choice but he is the prototypical blonde caucasion boy that GL felt would connect most with fans. I think Hayden did fine as teen-vader... but again GL tried to cater to teenage girls and the prince/princess angle. If you exclude all of the crap dialogue and cut the stupid ass droid comments, JarJar, love story, and just made it a war movie about the Galactic Empire vs. Jedi/Rebellion, then it would have been an awesome trilogy. Shame that GL made a kids movie instead of a war focus adult movie.
Still amazing how all the six original movies hold up .
All of the visuals in the world couldn't save this turd. I tried to like the prequels. They're just awful. 
Honestly we should just watch it on silent. Someone should make a version with all the dialogue removed, just the music playing.
The prequels are great if they are on mute
I think you left off the words "when you are really fucking high" a the end of your title.
Lol how is literally just a shot of Anakins face an example of visual excellence

These posts always crack me up
Nope. Garbage. No matter what kind of filters you put these images through.
Taris is canon actually.
Dromund Kaas. Give the Sith Empire back its glory days!
Telos has a lot of potential. Also, it explains where Coruscant gets its food
Vjun - acid rain, foxes, heavily imbued with the Dark Side, a populace driven mad by experiments with the Force. And Darth Vader owned a fucking *castle* there.
Korriban. Moraband can fuck right off - what a stupid, pointless change.
Adumar. Also Csilla, but that's likely since Thrawn is back. 
Skor II

For... reasons
Malachor V so there's still a chance for things to better line up with Kotor originally. The Malachor in Rebels could just be another one in the same system that the Sith colonized. It's confirmed in the EU as well that there was a Malachor 3 that the Sith also controlled.
Manaan. Telos too.
Thule since its a sith stronghold
Ossus and it's back stories. We know Luke is going searching for ancient Jedi knowledge so why not go to one of the original Academy worlds. 
Both from the force unleashed:
Nar Shada - the underworld equivalent of coursant, and raxus prime a dedicated junk planet the empire uses to build star destroyers makes sense...plus I liked all the little Easter eggs in the junk.


I would love if something like Tatooine were canon, I mean there's so much cool shit on that planet from bounty hunters to pod racing. 
If we judge it by direct action, probably Luke - I doubt even taking into account various massacres perpetrated in the name of the Empire Vader would have racked up a body count equal to the population of the Death Star (which could've been as high as 2 million).


You could argue Vader. It was his actions that allowed Palpatine's plans to continue, the Republic to fall, the Jedi Order to be destroyed, the rise of the Empire and all of its' atrocities over the years, every splinter group that they caused including the First Order, atrocities commited by them, etc, all because Anakin didn't kill Palpatine upon learning he was Sidious. Palpatine was ultimately at fault for such things, but the blood is equally on Anakin's hands. Luke destroyed the Death Star, Vader allowed the Empire to exist
Luke killed millions of innocent workers on the Death Star just trying to make an honest living. Plus all the storm troopers he's killed and all the poor people of Bespin that had a heart attack when they saw a man falling out outside their windows! Luke is the true villain of Star Wars. 
Depends what constitutes killing
Luke killed millions of innocent workers on the Death Star just trying to make an honest living. Plus all the storm troopers he's killed and all the poor people of Bespin that had a heart attack when they saw a man falling out outside their windows! Luke is the true villain of Star Wars. 
Darth Vader blew up an entire planet. 
> Starkiller Base was a **mobile** ice planet located in the Unknown Regions that served as a stronghold of the First Order thirty years after the Battle of Endor.

From the wiki. 
It is mobile. The explanation isn't my favorite and I wish they would have just designed the weapon differently, but it is what it is
Sadly, yeah. Hyperspace capable and everything.
It's mobile, which is fucking stupid and implausable, even for star wars.
It's not mobile.  It was a base on a planet.  

Edit:  well fuck i was wrong.  But being mobile is stupid as hell.
Bro. This is my dream set up right here.
That looks amazing! Loving that wallpaper on the computer screens
I went with Thor instead of Cap, but also have the Amazing Fantasy #15 and Iron Man plaques. They're really great.
No man cave is complete without the Power Glove. Nice setup.
[Yep](http://67.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_oafp0kUdRa1ub17mbo1_1468716645_cover.png) 

Edit: And it's strikingly similar to the [markings](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/29/95/17/299517a75edaa665e6f385499429875c.jpg) on Ahsoka's forehead during the Clone Wars
Her forehead markings!
IMAX 2D for the 70mm experience...
"Cinemark XD" 2D
IMAX 3D because only 3D showings are doing reserved seats and might as well spring for the IMAX at that point.
Sydney's imax is gone and the only midnight sessions i could see were normal 3D. Really hope this 3D trend starts to die down.
IMAX 2D 70mm. Nice change since normally the 3D is forced on the IMAX showings at my theater.
I would have liked to have gotten tickets for Imax 2d 70mm. saw TFA the second time in 70mm and was slightly let down only in the fact that only one scene was in the full frame glory of imax. 

This time around they didnt even film with IMAX cameras, and its a 2 hr drive to the nearest 70mm screen. Managed to get tickets at a Dolby cinema screen that just opened up near me. So I get to test that out. 
IMAX. 
RPX, which I guess is IMAX, 2D
2D
2D. 

I can't do 3D because I have glasses (and it just feels weird to me... I don't use the 3D on my 3DS either). 
IMAX 2D hopefully. Boyfriend can't do 3D D:
I'm going to watch it in the biggest 2D format I can find. 

3D makes me uncomfortable for the whole movie. 
THe Imax here does 3d, and 3d only. SO it's that or a tiny theater. 

I think I would rather 2d.
IMAX 2D, if I can get tickets for opening night. Otherwise just 2D with reclining seats.
Cinemark Digital 2D for me. No IMAX theaters in a 10 mile radius of me unfortunately (I'm playing a jazz gig that night so I can't go out too far). 

I'll probably head 15 minutes north of me to see R1 for the second time in IMAX tho.
I always do standard for the first showing. I like to take in the film in its most basic form for my first viewing. I'll see the fancy 3D/IMAX stuff later in the week when I see it again. 
Generic, standard, 2D.
IMAX 3d is the only thing available by me for some reason
2D at a really great screen near us. I'm not at all a fan of 3D. 
IMAX 3D
is the IMAX 3d at lincoln 13 in nyc the new laser projector?
Normal 3D because that is the only way to get OV premiere tickets.
4DX here, after I went to see the Force Awakens in this format, it's a must for this kind of movie. 
Imax 3D. I like 3d, it's really fun and ever improving.
I'm so tired of 3D, especially in the sense that it takes away from so many of the 2D showtimes. 

It can be a cool way to see a movie the 2nd time, but ultimately I always find 3D a bit too distracting. It can make certain action scenes stand out but I always lose focus during the more simplistic scenes. I wish they would stop pushing for nearly ever movie these days to also be in 3D. It's not always needed. 
He has visited the set and Gareth did incorporate some of his ideas.
I doubt he's seen it yet. I doubt he'd do anything like publicly diminish it in any way even if he hated it. 

Likewise I'm not sure I can picture him admitting something like 'I wish I'd thought of that' regarding anything either. 
This interview details his opinion on the making of TFA.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jWtbJxzGpQ

Some quotes here:
http://www.indiewire.com/2015/12/they-wanted-to-do-a-retro-movie%E2%80%8B-george-lucas-talks-his-break-up-from-star-wars-and-more-in-54-minute-talk-93791/

Despite his visit to the set for Rogue One and his involvement I assume he prefers films with entirely new elements.
He has probably not seen it yet. But I also want to know what he thinks of it.
Does anyone care what his thoughts and feelings are?

Edit: to everyone downvoting me - let's not forget that this is the guy whose 'thoughts and feelings' brought us Jar Jar Binks, midichlorians and Hayden Christensen.
Considering that Lucas had absolutely nothing to do with Rogue One, I don't see why he would've.
Who cares. Dude is an idea thief and a hack who didn't listen to people trying to help him. 
The bonus discs of this set is the ONLY way i watch Star Wars.
Now that I look at the covers, is that the Vader from RotS?
Awesome score! I just bought those used on ebay for a small fortune. How much were they?
Holy FUCK. That's awesome! I have these but bought them 5 years back on eBay used. 
Very nice.  I got ANH and ROTJ back in the day, but I just found Empire a few weeks back for pretty cheap on eBay. I just can't watch the Special Eds, my brain just notices all the changes and additions, and it drives me nuts.
Damn the original versions. I still have those on VHS. Good find indeed.
Nice!! :)
Might be worth money in a few years. Dont open them. 
> tfw blind in one eye
I was just thinking the same thing! Hopefully we have better luck than they did! May the Force be with you!
I knew Kylo was a huge Celine Dion fan! I bet the song "My heart will go on" makes him think of Vader.
I'm a trailer and tv spot addict and the only trailers I've seen that end with Vader are the [first trailer ](https://youtu.be/frdj1zb9sMY) where we see the back of Vader and the [international trailer](https://youtu.be/9UMrTk1T8tw) where we see Vader where he appears to be doing the force choke. 
How does it start and can you describe the shot of Vader?
I have a link to it, but nah, I'm not going to share.
Fantastic job here, would just like to say something. I seriously don't know why great work like this gets downvoted? It really bothers me, I'd hope that this r doesnt become malicious
Impressive..... most impressive 
i was of the understanding that in real life when that much energy touches water it explodes violently, i can say one thing though, the wounds would not be as clean cut, but more likely total warping and distortion about the wound so that no amount of surgery would reattach a missing limb.
Always cauterized. At least with humans. Different species could have special properties that lead to them not cauterizing, due to a different blood composition or some such. 
In the cantina when obi wan cuts off the hand of fly looking dude there's blood. 
This is tight!
Ani's Big Adventure 

Sand is the Loneliest Number 

The Death of Mace Windu

Under Pressure

Swamps, Skies and Snowdrifts 

Attack of the Man-Eating Teddy Bears 

You'll Get Answers In Episode VIII


*Backstroke of the West.*
Star Wars Episode 1: Jedi Party

Star Wars Episode 2: The Friend Zone

Star Wars Episode 3: Revenge of Middle Management

Star Wars Episode 4: Laser Moon Awakens

Star Wars Episode 5: Attack of the Phantom Past


To me he has been so watered down from the TCW. There were times in Clone Wars were you were supposed to be afraid of him. Now he is just a harmless trickster.
Hondo became a caritacure of himself, in TCW he was a charming bad guy, now he only jumps around space, messing around with rebels for whatever reason and making a fool of himself without any real depth or seriousness.
Why do people feel the need to ward off differing opinions?  This is a kids show, relax.
Hondo was actually a redeeming feature in last night's episode for me. Thanks to him, I was able to somewhat enjoy it despite the completely wasted Dark Troopers and a writer who took what was previously a cool ship design and ruined it.
I want Hondo to pop up in the young Han Solo movie
My problem is him being a shell of such a brilliant character he once was in TCW without any meaningful transition (highly probably because Rebels being a kid's show) and that they don't even make him believable or convincing anyhow, yet Ezra still trusts him for some reason.
I love Hondo, he's one of my favorite characters.
I think I'm more annoyed at how they're using him than the character himself. I didn't mind Hondo in the Clone Wars but now....his storyline is a bit underwhelming to me. 
Screening are on December 10.
I'll piggyback in this and ask if it's being released early in the UK. I know they could buy tickets earlier but wasn't sure of there was an earlier release date. I was hoping to read some in depth reviews before heading to the theatre. 
Kylo was born shortly after Jedi and he's almost 30 in TFA. So there's a pretty big window there. 
After the end of RotJ.

Did you see Lando in TFA?  That's why.

/s
He even stole his clothes 
You forgot nephew of the pilot that blew up the Death Star.  I agree, it would be hilarious if Ben was a terrible pilot.

In the novel Bloodline, Han has already lost the Falcon.  Leia laments that he never talks about the other ships that he's suping up the same way that he talked about the Falcon and says that loves like that only come once in a lifetime.  [Bloodline spoilers](/s "He also shows up in a different ship near the end of the book.") Bloodline is 6 years before TFA, before Ben fell, and before Han returned to smuggling.  Han also isn't still frantically looking for it so he probably lost it several years before Bloodline.  

My personal pet theory is that he lost it between 15-19 years after RotJ and that him losing it and it ending up on Jakku is somehow connected to how Rey ended up there.  The beloved ship belonging to the brother-in-law of the galaxy's last Jedi master and a highly Force Sensitive little girl end up not only on the same backwater planet but with the same guy.  That can't be coincidence, there's more to that story.  
Pretty sure he lost the Falcon because JJ couldn't think of a better way for Han and Chewie to meet the new characters.
That whole series is outstanding. 

* Dark Forces
* Dark Forces II: Jedi Knight
* Dark Forces III: Jedi Knight II: Jedi Outcast
* Dark Forces IV: Jedi Knight III: Jedi Outcast II: Jedi Academy

Outcast is my favorite but I still *love* the original Dark Forces, although the low res textures & geometry, 2D sprites and primordial first person shooter mechanics may seem archaic to gamers new to those early FPS games. 

I still want to be Kyle Katarn when I grow up. 
As a Mac owner in 1997 who was upset that LucasArts made a great Mac version of Dark Forces then did not do a Mac version of Dark Forces 2, I played this the *really* hard way:  On Windows 95 running in the Virtual PC emulator on a Power Macintosh G3 with a 3dfx Voodoo1 card. It actually worked and I think it was only possible because the Voodoo1 card was 3D only — it didn't have to deal with anything except drawing the game, so the game looked great despite emulation and only lagged when the emulated CPU couldn't keep up logically in some busy parts. Also the game's soundtrack was CD audio and so the music wasn't taxing the emulation either.
**Yes!**
Such a great series. 
I've actually played (and loved) every installment aside from the original *Dark Forces.*

I played *Jedi Outcast* for about a year of my life. Once I was through the campaign, I got creative. Using a clever combination of cheat codes, I learned to make my own levels. 
You don't have permission to access "http://ia.media-imdb.com/images/M/MV5BMTEzOTUyOTM4NzFeQTJeQWpwZ15BbWU4MDkyNDM0Nzgx._V1_UY1200_CR85,0,630,1200_AL_.jpg" on this server.

Enter again works...

She looks too old for a young Leia. Thats my opinion.

edit: She is born in 1980, thats 36 right now. Carrie Fisher was 21 in ANH.
I'm not seeing that... At all.
>A young Carrie Fisher look-alike

Um, maybe for you.
Vader and Shattered empire are the best of the new canon imo. 

Star Wars and Lando are really good too
I would do Lando for sure.  It's a short run, and really makes a rewatch of Empire Strikes Back better to me.
Vader and Star Wars are great, just make sure you read them together in the proper order.
Lando, Vader, Star Wars, and Shattered Empire are my favorites. I was happily surprised with Lando! It turned out more interesting than I thought it could be. Highly recommend the other three as well!
Han Solo comic is pretty good if you ask me.
You might want to consider reposting this with a more coherent title. 
Run this by me one more time 

These are all pretty common and are old stock.  We are on wave 9 now and most people like me are itching to get the Darth Revan and Sabine figures.

You may want to post in /r/starwarscollecting instead 
[deleted]
SCHRODINGER'S FETT.

Boba is currently both dead and alive in the sarlaac pit.
I don't recall Boba Fett having a cannon in the new canon. You learn something new every day, I guess?
There is some material in Star Wars: Rebels.  The crew of the *Ghost* have a few run-ins with Mandalorians, and there are several episodes in Star Wars: The Clone Wars that feature them.  AFAIK the cartoons are the most comprehensive snapshot of the culture as a whole in current canon.  
Well, for one, I'm pretty sure Jango and Boba aren't Mandalorian in canon, Jango just liked Mando armor and Boba kept to that to honor his father.

The most canon info on Mandalore comes from TCW and Rebels episodes, and I think the Ahsoka novel touches on the Siege of Mandalore at the beginning.

Basically, during the prequel era and the beginning of the Clone Wars, Mandalore was attempting to turn away from its warrior history and become a world of peace. After the outbreak of the war, Death Watch, a militant Mandalorian faction, sought to overthrow the peaceful government and return Mandalore to its old ways.

Eventually, they were successful...with some help from Darth Maul, who became ruler of Mandalore for a time.

After the war, Mandalore was the site of an Imperial Academy, I think, and some Mandalorians joined the Empire as a sort of special forces stormtrooper unit.

I'm probably misremembering some of this, mind you, but that's what I recall.
they aren't madalorian.. but the armor is.
Man that is one annoying voice taking forever to get to the point for no reason at all... Gonna go cool off a headache
The universe. It's like a living and breathing universe with unlimited stories.
Honestly I watched these movies growing up and I still enjoy them. I am just fascinated by the special affects and also the story intrigues me. I've gotten lego sets, posters and mad libs about Star Wars 
There's a great mix of levity and lore. 
It's in my DNA... 
I grew up on star wars. Young enough to be introduced to the OT first, but still only 6 when the phantom menace was released. It captivated my mind. It was my favorite thing to play. When I was an adolescent it was my solace for angsty teen shit. And I just never grew out of it. The Sith and the Jedi still seem like the coolest protagonists and antagonists I can imagine. And the universe is rich, full, and accessible
I think not just Star Wars but all of the series that people get really invested in are series that have really rich world building.  You just feel that there is so much more to explore beyond what what is shown and hinted at for the sake of the story.  It makes you want to leave our boring world behind and lose yourself in this more exciting place.  
Lightsabers, Jedi, Starships, dogfights, blaster shootouts, rescues, battles, rogues, villains, heroes, wit, triumph, tragedy. Star Wars just has it all.
I grew up with it in the background, having seen all the prequels in theaters as a kid, but didn't really get into it as a big fan until the spring of 2014. 

It has a lot of great characters and worldbuilding, with a rich sandbox to play in. You have the tragedy of the prequels, where a society rots and collapses into a dictatorship while the same happens to people integral to that society. You have the triumph of the OT, where good overcomes evil, and in the end it is compassion and love that save the day.

There's so much mythology, that at times Star Wars feels like a fantasy wearing the clothes of a sci-fi series. Then at other times it feels like the fairytale tropes are just the aesthetic, as it breaks and deconstructs them. 

Also, you can laugh at the goofy stuff. Go ahead!
Because of the soundtrack and scenery. 
The mythology, the themes & the vast universe of the Saga created by George Lucas and Lucasfilm (the style of acting , action, drama,  cinematography , the ,music and the story including the creativity as well).
It's just something that has been with me my entire life, from 1977 to this very day.
I actually wrote a long post about it when TFA came out. In order to save time, I'll just provide the link to it below. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWars/comments/3yglis/why_i_love_star_wars_so_much/
...and we thought Jar Jar was bad.
That was so cringy.
Painfully amazing. 
I'm having a hard time watching this to the end.
Lost it when Master P asked if Frank Oz is really as small as Yoda. 
To aid mobile users, I'll link small subreddits not yet linked in the comments

/r/obscuremedia: Films and shorts, Drug PSA's, random music video's, odd cartoons, Media of all sorts, ETC.

Have you seen everything to the point of having to look for the obscure and the not so often seen? Well perhaps this reddit is for you. Post your favorites. Discuss, request info whatever.  Silent films? 60's & 70's exploitation flicks? Old classics? Old TV. Pretty much anything   Give it a try. 

---
^I ^am ^a ^bot ^| [^Mail ^BotOwner](http://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=DarkMio&subject=SmallSubBot%20Report) ^| ^To ^aid ^mobile ^users, ^I'll ^link ^small ^subreddits ^not ^yet ^linked ^in ^the ^comments ^| ^[Code](https://github.com/DarkMio/Massdrop-Reddit-Bot) ^| [^Ban](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=SmallSubBot&subject=SmallSubBot%20Report&message=ban%20/r/Subreddit) ^- [^Help](https://www.reddit.com/r/MassdropBot/wiki/index#wiki_banning_a_bot)
What time is the earliest showing?
Nice. Fandango is timing out big time but I still was able to purchase tix
Me too!!!!!
C3po
I knew
I think obi-wan might've known 
Nope.  Although it was totally obviously.   
Probably not many if any. But I also don't know what significance it has to anything. 
Palpatine probably just read Anakin's mind to find out. I think pretty much everyone who knew both of them knew there was something going on, but most people didn't know how far it went. I have a feeling that Ahsoka was told or somehow managed to figure out just how close they were, and Obi-Wan may have guessed it too and just pretended not to know until ROTS.
C3PO didn't know, because his memory was deleted afterwards!
I'm sure obi wan had a sneaking suspicion.
It depends on where they go with his character. Right now he's a villain, but I'm very certain that he'll be an anti-hero by the end of the trilogy. 
It's pretty villainous to kill a group of Jedi students. That's like considering a school shooter an anti-hero. Anakin also killed children. He was definitely a villain. 
Dude killed Han Solo. That's as villainous as you get. 
He's more of an anti-villain.
He murdered his father and mentally tortured two of the new cast members. He's straight up evil. 
I would consider him a villain in The Force Awakens.  As his story progresses, maybe he will change, maybe not.
It really depends on what he's all doing it for. I suspect there might be a lot more to his story than they're telling us right now though.
The kids were a bit irritating. I didn't hate it though. Some cool shots in there, interesting to see some interaction between Thrawn and Konstantine, and interesting to see Ezra relate to kids who were similar to what he originally was. Not the greatest episode but it didn't break my faith in Filoni
Because a bunch of kids beating the Empire makes them looks inept and toothless. Also, those kids were pretty annoying as characters.
Because it was awful. And the YT-2400 was already canon. 
Honestly, I preferred it to the Hardtospell Job. We got to see capital ships fighting each other! Directly! Hondo was nice, but there was no way he could save an episode that completed wasted the Dark Troopers and mistook external cargo containers for a part of the ship.
I guess it was not what we expected after a 2 weeks' wait. IMO, I thought it lacked substance but it was nice to see Ezra trying to reach to others like him.

My BF wasn't convinced. He hadn't watch the previews or followed the subreddit so he didn't know anything about this Ep. He immediately jumped from his seat as soon as he saw the YT-2400 appear. 

"DASH FUCKING RENDAR YES!"

"No."

"THAT'S DASH RENDAR SHIP! THE OUTRIDER!"

"...The same model. Not the same ship"

"DASH. RENDAR."

"Sit down"

"AAAAAAAAARGH!" (ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━┻

He spent the most of the episode chewing on the kids saying they didn't deserve the ship. xD
Older fans tend to hate these kind of episodes because they are "kiddy" But don't understand that this is a kids show that can be watched by anyone, not the other way around 
I found it forgettable but not as bad as people are saying
The show has a lot of interesting, significant storylines going on right now. You've got Thrawn, you've got Maul, you've got Ezra slipping towards the dark side, plus all of the other character arcs of the principal cast... that's easily a season's worth of television that could be made just focussing on those compelling topics- but episodes like what we've been getting the past few weeks don't give us any of that. People call these episodes "filler" because it genuinely feels like the show is just biding it's time until we get to the "meat" episodes, typically around the finale and the midseason finale. The problem that most people have is that these "just for fun" low-stakes adventure episodes should be *the minority* of episodes in any given series, whereas in Rebels it feels like that's the majority. 
Bad dialogue imo
online or in person?
Either this is an IMAX showing that have been on sale for a while, or someone is getting fired.
Getting the site maintenance page on Fandango. This is gonna be frustrating. It was fine just a few minutes ago when refreshing.
I keep checking the Fandango app and they have showtimes listed for all the theaters in eastern Massachusetts, but not the AMC theater that is right down the road from me. Hopefully the showtimes will be posted after 12, otherwise it looks like I'm headed to the theater tomorrow to buy them in person.
Looks like a garden gnome
Really glad they did not choose this, how was *that* supposed to be a "great warrior" ?
Yeah it's a well known early concept. A long with the more troll looking version. Very cool to see in person though.
That can't be Yoda! How would Dwight fold him if he looked like THAT?!
Well he made his own armour and the Slave one was really damaged and then repaired by Hondo and that's Why it has it's color scheme.

I think most of his other stuff was on Kamino and I'm not sure the Jedi would let him take it.
I can see him keeping Jango's helmet in his ship, but nothing else. I don't want much of Jango or the Force showing up in a Boba Fett movie to be honest. The story I want to see for Boba does not involve lamenting over his dead clone template. A tribute to Jango, sure, but otherwise Boba needs to be his own character and not rely on visual cues and nostalgia moments and story arcs.
Huh. So Vader isn't the tallest man on the death star any more. Would be a good set up for another head bang joke.
Aren't the deathtroopers around 6'3-6'5?

Also they clearly don't exist after Rogue One so it doesn't really matter to me.
They aren't according to [this chart](https://s19.postimg.org/kbr95x7fl/image_2.jpg) (wonder where it came from).
My problem with the Death Troopers is that I thought that they'd be his own personal guard akin to the red cloaked imperial guardsmen who accompany the Emperor?

Why, because Vader is all about dat black - his fleet is called Death Squadron, the same name given to his Tie Figther group as well. DEATH.
And so, they make Death Troopers, two metre tall and all dressed in black - BUT THEY'RE NOT HIS? AAAARGH! DISAPPOINTMENT.
You mean our great Emperor's Imperial Palace, rebel scum!
And in the new canon that's actually the Imperial Palace. Palpatine really enjoyed the spoils of victory, taking the Jedi's home as his own.
I know in Legends it was rebuilt and used as some Imperial headquarters I believe.
It seems weird that people on Coruscant would be celebrating in the streets for the destruction of the Death Star. It's not like the Empire just collapsed as soon as it blew up, they're still there doing their thing.

Was the Empire disliked on Coruscant? Or at least in the upper levels?
Is that from the remastered finale of the movies? Nice detail regardless.
One of the great changes added in special editions. 
Thought all us nerds knew this...
Palpatine turned it into a strip mall
http://i.imgur.com/tZilN49.gif
As a sidenote: It(along with the  Senate Building ) was added to the galaxy celebrating Empire's defeat and Emperor's death scenes , in 2004 for the first release of the Original Trilogy on DVD . It reappeared (duh) in 2011 Blu-ray and later releases. 
At the time of SW Episode VI ROTJ it's the Imperial Palace.
Flaming hot news from 2004?

Its even in the wikipedia page...

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_changes_in_Star_Wars_re-releases#Episode_VI:_Return_of_the_Jedi

"In the Coruscant celebration shot, the Galactic Senate and Jedi Temple have been added to the background."
Its the Disney castle in the newest release.
That scene is far less heartwarming when you realise that in the new canon it turns into a riot which is brutally put down by Imperial security forces...
In the new canon it's Scientology's galactic HQ.
I have to say there's a lot of poetry in the Jedi Temple, a fountain of Light being taken over by the Sith after the Jedi were destroyed. The Jedi are all wiped out and their sanctuary of light is corrupted into a shrine to the Dark Side of the Force. The Dark Side takes everything over and there's no place that's safe from its influence.
Thats a Bluray addition right?
One of the few things added to the OT that I really like . I feel like it ties the two trilogy's together nicely. 
They fixed it? Huh
I don't get it
http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/but-why.gif
http://villainstournament.wikia.com/wiki/Gum
You were so preoccupied with whether or not you could.. 
Looks like Kraang from ninja turtles
God I wish that were me
Damn, almost looks like a full size cosplay.
Quick first impression: 

- I'm a big 1/6 figures collector. I have a lot of experience with Hot Toys, Medicom, Dragon, Blue Box etc. feel free to AMA. 

- It's not just the shinny black armor. There are a lot of subtle weathering involved. Pretty detailed.

- The "night vision" at the lower chin light up in a subtle fashion. Batteries are included. It does not "glow" in the dark, but you'll notice the green shade in the dark.  

- Def. a collectible piece and not a toy. 

- Hot Toys figures are know to be taller than most 1/6 or 12" figures. Death Troopers are suppose to be 7 ft tall so scale-wise I think that fits in well. 

- To see the 3D representation in person, you'll really appreciate how the designer took the 70s' aesthetic enhanced it and made it fits well within the Star Wars timeline.   

More photos added here:

https://imgur.com/a/QWjoP

(MG-42 not included in the set). 

Whoa
Thats awesome, I finally got to set up my First Order Tie Pilot. 
I extremely want one.
I've bought about one of these to go with my other troopers but I just hate the way the helmet looks. It's like a horse had a baby with a clone trooper. I just can't do it. There's a lot of awesome but that face. 
Can't wait to watch these guys (hopefully) tear the rebel scum up on the big screen. 
Only costs a small lone of a million dollas 
Unfortunately, the only model kit that was ever available was a limited run resin kit that came out during the heyday of X-wing Alliance (early 2000s). 


These days, the only way I can think to get a physical model is to have one 3D printed. There seems to be quite a few 3D models available online.
I think so- a few of the trailers show a whole bunch of space action. I'm totally with you, the new modern CG space battles are so cool...
Looks like it according to the new trailer. 
At least until they get though the planetary shield above scarif like you see the X-wing pilot attacking in the trailer. 
People talk about people in Rebels dying...we know these kids die. And while still kids most likely.
From his Twitter:

> The youngling eps were gonna be removed from S5 and put together as its own potential pilot movie for a series that never happened.
That arc was a fan favourite? Amongst Gungans perhaps.
A youngling needs to happen in the post episode 9 era...we simply can't have a set ending for this
Would have hated the premise for this.
Thanks the Force it didn't happen. Like, episode about kyber crystals was good, probably the following one, where they were constructing lightsabers, was good too, but other 2? Terrible, like Iron Squadron. And they wanted to make a whole series about them? No, just no.
Stupid comment but I really like their outfits.
Have you read the New Jedi Order and Dark Nest series? LOTF follows directly follows on from those so you might be quite lost if you haven't. 
Yes, as long as you aren't bothered by the fact that the series isn't canon anymore. 
Despite the obvious rip off of CinemaSins format I agreed with everything he said, especially that ending part. The prequels are part of the Star Wars saga, whether you like it or not. Now I'm not saying you have to like it, but completely dismissing it isn't something someone who claims to be a fan of a franchise does.

I like the prequels, I grew up with them but I still think they're good. Yes they have problems but I don't think they take away the impact of the entire story.

Oh also, Maul living is canon ;)
the original trilogy wasnt as great as people make it out to be, its mostly better than the prequels, but a lot of the problems people point out in the prequels are problems in the originals as well. the dialogue is weird and doesnt make sense sometimes, special effects were revolutionary for their time, but most didnt age well, as well as the plots were questionable. it seems to me like people see the originals through rose tinted glasses and love to hate the prequels. i grew up on the prequels and love them and the originals just as much, i can also see the blatant flaws in episode 7 so i can imagine what it was like being in this position for the prequels. i can also see people seeing the blatant flaws in the original trilogy who weren't kids when they first saw it. 
I personally can't stand any sort of non-oficial rip off of CinemaSins. I believe they work hard to maintain their brand and to have come up with such a great and original idea with a cool format. And channels like GamingSins or CinemaWins only serve as cheap knockoffs who stole the CinemaSins format and altered it slightly for their own personal gain

Edit: Sorry, not Star Wars related
"Everything great" can be summed up in a few words.  Watch:

Liam Neeson.  Seeing Coruscant for the first time.  Pod Race.  Duel of the Fates.  The end credits.

See?  Done.
Is it a 1 minute and 30 second video 
Sorry, can't watch even this short clips. It's sooo bad.  This was the move that made me fall out of love with star wars. I hate the prequels... Really hate them... THE, however, made me remember why I loved star wars in the first place.  

And the best versions of the originals are the depecialized editions. Really great!
Possibly because Stormtrooper is the english translation of a german word (which is one word, not two) and so the translation remains the same.
[Sandtrooper](http://www.starwars.com/databank/sandtroopers), [Spacetrooper](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Spacetrooper), [snowtrooper](http://www.starwars.com/databank/snowtroopers) and [Shoretrooper](http://www.starwars.com/databank/shoretroopers) are one word. Or were you not talking about stormtrooper variants?
Sometimes they combine it and sometimes they don't. But technically they are all Stormtroopers. Just different specializations of them. Which in itself could be the explanation. 
Just watch it in chronological order.
Trust me, you want to watch it chronological order. If you didn't, you'd watch the first episode in a 3 episode arc and you would see the rest of it until the next season. 
I watched the series recently having not seen any of it other than the movie. I watched it in episode order because I was too lazy and I would say it's worth it to watch it in chronological order.

There's no reason to watch it in release order, it's not like there are reveals like Vader in Empire that are a compelling reason to watch in release order. You'll have an easier time keeping up with the plot in chronological order.
> I guess what I'm saying is I don't mind if the series jumps around the timeline

You should.  If you watch it in release order someone dies and comes back later in the show like nothing happened.  Chronological is a much better way to watch, no matter what the intended watch order was.  They didn't make them in release order so it's not like I can outright state that release order was the intended way to watch either.  They just made episodes they knew they had the assets for.  One of the middle episodes in season 1 actually looks quite different from the rest of the season because they were working on it when they were making the movie.
It really doesn't matter with TCW. Some people claim that a couple character introductions in chrono order aren't as effective as they are in aired order, but I disagree (I watched in chrono order my first time through).

Chronological order just makes things slightly easier to follow. It won't ruin any big reveals for you, but it flows better when binged than aired order does.
Dunno. Let me know if you find one.
I'm from New Jersey but living in Massachusetts for college 
70mm is cool and all but honestly I'd prefer to see rogue one on a digital IMAX screen in 2D. 

Why can't that be an option. :(
So I saw TFA at the Indiana State Museum and it was fantastic. I'm sure some older theatera with 70mm aren't great but I enjoyed it. 
Hey, that place in Florida is where I saw *The Force Awakens* (not on premiere day, though).

Edit: here's some crappy pictures I took: [1](https://s19.postimg.org/70u7kx23l/image.jpg), [2](https://s19.postimg.org/kj13x7e8x/image.jpg), [3](https://s19.postimg.org/ejhy7aiu9/image.jpg), [4](https://s19.postimg.org/3xy2vacip/image.jpg), [5](https://s19.postimg.org/hu6b768rl/image.jpg), [6](https://s19.postimg.org/ebubas7vl/image.jpg), [7](https://s19.postimg.org/vrohch6u9/image.jpg), [8](https://s19.postimg.org/xkre0ss0x/image.jpg), [9](https://s19.postimg.org/otoyk9y3l/image.jpg), and [10](https://s19.postimg.org/u6dsyem01/image.jpg).

The screen's not the best, since I had to kinda turn my head to look at the left and right parts of it (and I was sitting in the back).
I'd rather go out of my way for laser.
Alabama: Science & Space center

Don't waste your time

Years ago, I drove 6 hours to see Star Wars Episode II on Imax there. Worst experience ever. It's a planetarium. The seats are elementary chairs & tilted towards the ceiling. I was uncomfortable & the picture quality was terrible. I was pissed off the entire 6 hour drive back...

When TFA came out this theater was on the list for 70mm screenings. I saw several posts here about how shitty it was. I put up a warning & got several likes/comments...

I have no clue how this place got the 70mm showing again... I wouldn't recommend it. 
I'm so glad they included Bail Organa! It makes complete sense as he's a leader of the rebellion and it's a great connection to the prequels & the references to him in ANH. Also it's awesome to see Jimmy Smit in a rebellion outfit :)
Can't begin to describe how happy I am about this. Great way to further connect the Trilogies. 
This and Mon Motha as well. Very glad to see them back!
I think it's always been assumed that he died on Alderaan, but could this movie change that? I'm excited 
It's gonna be so sad to watch A New Hope again after seeing him appear in Rogue One.
I think they should add more prequel characters to the anthology films. For example, in the old cannon captain panaka became an imperial moff. I would like to see that happen again with the new cannon
Bail's last words in the movie

"yeah we won guys! party on Alderaan! there's gonna be beer, chicks, good music it's gonna be a blast!
Did they seriously cite "Us" as a source? With a picture of a picture, no less?
Nice. Fucking love me some Jimmy Smits.  

With his presence, I wonder how much they'll foreshadow the destruction of Alderaan in this movie.  Like was the empire aware of Bail's involvement with the rebels?
Awesome, Smits was great as Bail and I'm glad to see him back.
Worse than cinema sins lol
Your post has me super confused, but here is a page with a helpful reading order.

http://www.howtolovecomics.com/2015/11/10/star-wars-vader-down-reading-order-checklist/

Vader Down is a crossover event between Star Wars and Vader comic lines involving Star Wars comics issues 13 & 14, well before Sana shows up, if I remember correctly.
I'm gonna go with it happening off screen. We might get some more insight into what Luke see's in Obi Wans journal in one of the upcoming issues, as I know his journal is going to be a spring off point into an old yoda adventure.
Luke learns of "the Jedi Temple on Vrogas Vas" from a holocron in Star Wars issue 9. http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Jedi_Temple_(Vrogas_Vas)
pretty sure he is going to die
He fights the empire with the sheer power of his moustache 
He's called [General Merrick](http://www.ew.com/sites/default/files/styles/tout_image_gallery_612/public/i/2016/10/16/swct-base4-r1-rebel-pilot-1.jpg)
I love that teal colored rebel helmet
Looks like they took inspiration from US Air Force legend Robin Olds. Even has the out-of-regs mustache.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robin_Olds
It's cool they got someone's dad to fly an X-Wing
[Well, he wanted to get back in space one way or another.  I suppose time travel works.](http://wpmedia.o.canada.com/2013/01/012213hadfield.jpg)
I hope one day I can be as happy as this guy. 
A true fighter pilot...he's got the bullet proof mustache to prove it.
The second I climbed into the cockpit of an X-wing you couldn't slap the smile off my face either. 
Personally if I was putting together some pilots to take down the empire I'd make sure I picked people who loved their jobs. I have no time for slackers who get a target lock on the proton torpedos then just let the computer do the work and start thinking about space crepes!
Sully?
The look of his flight suit is so nice. I wish Poe got like a black flight suit with his X-Wing
He looks like Bryan Cranston in *Malcom in the Middle*. I love it.
Porkins brother, dorkins
nice to see they went period piece on this one and gave us the 70's mustache
[Colonel Chris Hadfield](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris_Hadfield) made it further out into space than previously thought!
Is that the same actor as the priest from the Exorcist show?
He looks like Dale Earnhardt.   
Just so you know, putting a comma between new and favorite makes it mean he's your new character and your favorite character, not your favorite new character. 
Marvel comic series confirmed
How is that screenshot so huge?
Love the colors of the helmet. Does anybody else think he kinda looks like Walter White?
Plo Koon, brah
Aayla 


Hotness personified
I'd say Kit Fisto 
If Legends counts, it's Rahm Kota.

Holy hell, that man was legendary.
Yarael Poof
Tera Sinube was the best in clone wars. A master of patience.

https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/2f/be/4b/2fbe4b24ca5bc43db6af9b0a7e0bf28f.jpg
[Skippy the Jedi Droid](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Skippy_the_Jedi_Droid)
Luminara Unduli and Plo Koon
Ki Adi Mundi has always been a favorite of mine.
Definitely Quinlan Vos, imagine a Jedi on black ops missions that fucks Asajj Ventress 
[Yaddle](http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/starwars/images/3/3e/Yaddle-SWE.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20120204065352) 

If you ever wanted to know what a female Yoda looks like. 
Oppo Rancisis. Bearded snake jedi who had only one sentence to say in canon (Star Wars comics jedi holocron archives). 
Probably Barriss Offee actually, not very minor, but somewhat of a secondary character. She does have some episodes where she really shines though, especially that last arc. Her whole diss allusion with the Jedi was really interesting.
Quinlan Vos is great. 
Definitely Yaddle. 
I've always been fond of that Ithorian Jedi from the Tartakovsky Clone Wars cartoon. That dude was a G.
Eeth Koth. Idk why, he's just cool
I like the snake humanoid Jedi
Gungi, easily
shaak ti
Lowbacca, gotta love the wookie jedi.
Corran Horn
Ima Gun Di for sure, that guy was cool
Plo Koon, for sure.
Ki Adi mundi
Quinlan Vos
Canon?  Probably Jocasta Nu.  I like to imagine all the badassery she got up to exploring for lost Jedi temples before she "retired" to her desk job in the archives.
Ki Adi Amundi / Guy with a really big head
Shaaki Ti. Because she looks cool.
I'd go with Plo Koon
Zayne Carrick, though he is the star of his own comic so maybe not so little. But he was designed to be a lot less in tune to the force and a lot more clumsy than most of the jedi we see are. 

If I had to package it up without a comic or book series to his name then I would pick scout or lowbacca because who doesn't love a Wookiee Jedi.
Does Kanan count? If he's too mainstream then I guess Plo Koon. 
Jefi Master Ima-Gun Di. He had an epic last stand.
My bro Plo Koon with his cunning mind. 
Dex Jetsetter 
Plo Koon, PLO'S BROS!

Aayla, what a sad way to die, but that accent. 
Definitely Kit Fisto. 
Ima Gun-Di. If only for the name. 
Ki Adi Mundi for me.
Aayla Secura and shaak ti!!
No love for Madame Jocasta? :(
PLO KOON
Disney Canon: Barriss Offee. Loved her in the EU portrayals as a Jedi Healer in the MASH-like Med-Star novels, loved her portrayal in Clone Wars. Initially wasn't thrilled about her dark-side turn but in hindsight it at least allowed her to survive the war, unlike her EU version which was blown up by her own tanks during Order 66. Hoping to see her return at some point.

EU: Tough one, going with a split. First, Tallisibeth Enwandung-Esterhazy, aka Scout. Jedi youngling in search of a master, kind of a shit one at that. She was barely able to call upon the Force in any meaningful way and was on the verge of washing out of the active portion of the Jedi Order when it all collapsed. Fell in love with her during a practice-lightsaber sparring duel when she bested a better fighter by grabbing his weapon by the blade and punching him. He protested that it wasn't a viable move with real lightsabers, which she countered with "no, but these aren't real lightsabers", which their instructor had to admit was technically true and allowed it.

The other is Etain Tur-Mukan, Jedi commander during the Clone Wars, though like Scout she wasn't a very good Jedi. Willing to do whatever she ordered her men to do, she realized that she might be more effective in battle with a gun after spending a great deal of time with both the Republic Commando Omega Squad and the NULL Arc Troopers they associated with. She took up a Trandoshan's Concussion Rifle (basically the Star Wars version of a BFG), preferring it over a normal blaster for the kick and firepower it possessed despite the hefty weight of the weapon. Also notable for falling in love with one of the Mandalorian-trained Clone Commandos and having his child, planning on leaving the Jedi Order and becoming a Mandalorian wife with him after the war.
Aayla "the blue badass" Secura 

Rahm "screw the Order, (and then the Empire) we're doing it live" Kota

Etain "I'm in love with a commando" Tur-Mukan (or, alternatively, Etain "I have a big-ass concussion rifle" Tur-Mukan)
I'm going with Kanan.
Any of the clone commandos or the main troopers in Clone Wars.
Well they're right...from a certain point of view.
Well he became Vader,  so kind of. 
Well, just look at that mug...and his arrest record.
Blu-ray is still better than streaming, even at the same resolution.
The Bluray looks WAY better than the streaming imo. Looks amazing.
Probably not. They don't own the distribution rights for the clone wars. 
Sadly they won't 
[TCW showed this cool display of Grievous's evolution into a cyborg](http://i.imgur.com/mM6Zl7P.jpg)
Someone done good at English. 
Oh never realized he was a Khaleesh, guess why those bone masks always looked so familiar.
[deleted]
Do you have any recommendation on any media on his past ?
You mean general doom?! Haha good art though

Edit im not an idiot i know they are two separate universes
While i am a fan of having some of the deleted scenes be canon, its not as easy as just "rereleasing the movie". Those scenes aren't actually as important as you claim, and if they did this for ROTS, why not do it for every other Star Wars movie?
/r/titlegore 
I love the tight pacing of RotS. Adding those scenes are absolutely not necessary to the film or the saga. 
Anybody else feel like now that George is out of the Star Wars game there shouldn't be any further alterations to Eps 1-6?
Oh wow, it looks magnificent! Very sharp and well detailed.
Holy shit that is absolutely beautiful.

100% serious about this, how much money would you sell that to me for? I want that on my wall ASAP
One of the best ships in the galaxy. That is really well done 
THAT'S F'N GORGEOUS!!!
That's not a painting. That's literal sex on a canvas 
PLEASE make one of a star destroyer OH PLEASE 
I actually said out loud "awww that's so cool!" on the train. Do you have a website or anything? I'd love to see other stuff you've done.
It feels like your source of light in the room matches with the sun's position in the painting.
The runner is my favorite ship! To echo the other user, how much would you sell this for? Very interested.
WOW! Youre extremely talented. Would you consider selling and shipping one to aus? Pm me if youre keen to discuss. If not its all good. Great work!
This is exquisite!

100% would want BIG in a frame.   would look bitchin in a backlit frame.
Very cool
Ooooh I member.
Amazing! Always been my favorite ship. 
Wow, that is amazing! I wish I had that sort of talent!
John Berkey's and Ralph McQuarrie would be proud!
Love it!! May want to consider date on the back though. 
They've hit our main reactor, we're doomed!
I member corvettes!
Rebel scum
Super rad, yo!
Add me to the list of people curious about getting this or something like it!  Do you have a portfolio, or commission info, etc?  
This is beautiful!!!!
That is a nice panting... Yep... Very nice. 
That looks great!
Would definitely buy a print of that, great work!
Wow I actually love you
What's the price tag on it?
Kick-ass visual style! It really reminds me of a lot of the great sci-fi art from the 1970s and 80s.
Great job!!! 
Wow that looks amazing. Do you do anything on commission?
Looked like a lego set for a sec.
Wow, that is incredible. You have a true gift.
That looks amazing
Just PM'd you. Interested in paying for a custom Star Wars idea!
It's amazing. You need to watch how much negative space you leave around the image though or some will be lost in framing and matting if you're not careful
Is it just me or is there something about the background that at first glance makes it seem like the painting is supposed to blend in
Incredible! 😍
Pretty good!
Wait how tf do they steer those things? They only have one giant set of thrusters on the back!
How much do you want for it?
That is so awesome, your paining is like High Definition. I'd rather something like that on my wall then the few crappy ones I bought at Marshals.
That is amazing work, great job!
Exceptional work. Would love to have this in my living room
Oh my god OP, this is absolutely amazing. If only I had your talent.
Damn! Nice job, buddy!
Thats the beauty of it all. When the movie comes out, we will all know what happens in it
They just need to have a technical readout of the station, that doesn't mean they have to go to the station. Plans are probably in some type of administrative planning place under heavy protection, hence all the ground battles in the trailers
I'm sure the climax of the movie involves infiltrating the Death Star (Hence Jyn in the imperial suit) to download a detailed schematic of the station, all the while evading Darth Vader.
Couldn't have said it better myself
I feel there's there's a small percentage of the population that doesn't like star wars. Within that, there's a small percentage of that group who hates star wars, and within that, there's a small subset called "Harrison Ford" who loathes star wars.
I think we now know why Ford landed in the hospital on the TFA set. JJ just *had* to ask..
Harrison Ford purposely crashed the plane and purposely had "JJ" close the Falcon door on him because someone mentioned doing another Holiday Special.
I laughed out loud at this for a while... can't believe I hadn't seen this yet.
This is so great!
Same.
My dream: old Republic, army of Sith against the Jedi, Mandalorian Wars, maybe Revan or Exar Kun or Bane depending how they want to do the timeline in this canon.

More realistic: Luke and Ben between 6 and 7 rebuilding the Jedi Order. Depending on how this trilogy ends, another possibility is Rey and Luke or whoever is still alive rebuilding the Jedi Order yet again after 9. Or maybe both and the timeline in the middle can be focused on Kylo and the knights, but that seems unlikely.
The Bane Linage : a star wars  series

There are whispers and legends from a galaxy far away of a small group calling themselves The Sith.

This anthology series consisting of 10 self contained stories from the Bane line of the sith.

There will be 5 seasons consisting of 20 episodes each.

Each half season will focus on telling the story of one Banite Sith, each directed by someone different and in a different animation style with of course contradictory views on events in the story.

The overall arc will be Vader ( as directed by Filing) in deep meditation surrounded by many Holocrons. With each half season him delving into that particular sith Lords Holocron.

Thus the storyline will be canon from a certain point of view. and legend from others
What I want- 

Old Republic. Even if it's largely a new version away from legends

What we're probably going to get- 

more OT or something to do with the sequel trilogy.
x-wings. doesn't have to be rogue squadron. space battles and a new mission each week.
Personally I would enjoy a show based entirely around what happened in between episodes 5 and 6 with Luke coping with the news of his father and honing his skills as a Jedi. During this series we would pay attention to Leia's life living without Han and how it effects the missions they go on and those missions direct effect on rescuing him. 

This series would end with an episode that sort of strays away from Luke and Leia and focuses on learning about the second Death Star and getting an official canon look at Bothans.
Old republic for sure! 
Old republic
But why? Why would they need to make an unnecessary connection like that? 

> I don't think it's tinfoil out of the realm of possibility

If it's not there, it's borderline. 
The gangsters on Han's ship weren't associated with the First Order, they were just answering a flyer on a bulletin board, and read Bloodline, it tells how the First Order gets started. 
Didn't he only have 3 in the movie?
As someone who goes to movies often, please don't. Wait until he's 5/6 so he's not distracting to other people who paid to see the film as well.
No
#DURING A MATINEE
You really should watch the movie before showing it to a 4-year-old. Star Wars movies can get pretty violent - cut-off hands, torture, people being burned alive...


As a parent, sure go for it! As a single guy or anyone else who doesn't want to hear someone talk through the whole movie, NO!
Only if you can instill in him the value of "Shutting the hell up in the theater!!!"
One thing to consider might be to wait a few weeks or a month or so and find a theatre/time that won't have much attendance.  If there's only like 10 people in the entire place and you're not even sitting near them it's probably not as much of a big deal as if you were trying a sold out opening weekend showing.

I know some places also do showings of movies specifically for parents with younger kids, they turn the volume down a little and don't turn the lights down as much.  If anywhere nearby is doing that kind of thing that could be something to look into, there's no issue bringing small kids to a show specifically tailored towards small kids being there.
It really depends on you as a parent.. the movie is probably going to be quite violent (it's a war movie), and there's a good chance all of our heroes will die at the end. So if your son has a generally good understanding that violence is bad, and death happens even to good people, go for it. But if not, I'd at least try to read a parents review as soon as one becomes available. It is rated PG-13, after all
Go to a showing in the middle of the daytime. Their shouldn't be a lot of people there, and if any distractions occur, it won't ruin the experience for anyone else. But you shouldn't let him skip it entirely, Star Wars is for everyone :)
You know your kid best.  The bit you don't know yet is what's in the movie. Might have an impact on your and other people's enjoyment of the film, if he decides to nope out in the middle.   I'd be inclined to at least see it beforehand.

One thing to consider is whether he is ok with favorite characters getting killed in the middle of the movie.  We know that definitely happens with some, possibly all major characters.

When my kids were little, I tried to show them The Great Escape.  My daughter was okay with it up until she realized that all the characters she had grown to love in the first half of the movie were going to be killed in the second.  

She asked, "Are they all going to die?"  and I said, "Uh, yeah, pretty much," and then she literally ran from the room screaming. 

Parenting error.  I definitely didn't think that one through beforehand.

Kids also change a bit when they are very little, and sometimes scary things are less scary when they are really small, and more scary when they are a bit older and more aware, so heads up on that.

In general, it feels like you could get away with not taking him if you don't blab about it with him.  After all, it's not like his friends are going to hassle him for not seeing the movie.
Thanks for the input everyone.
I wouldn't tbh.
Call your local theaters. I wouldn't be surprised if they have a special kids screening where he won't disrupt anyone else. Or just don't tell him it's coming out until March, your call.
A small child ruined my first experience with TFA. He kept kicking my seat. Please don't. Rent it for him.
PG13 for a reason
Don't be the guy that ruins my theater experience by bringing your little kid who can't keep still and keeps making noises, thanks
As a fellow parent of a 4 year old, I say no. I am going to consider taking her to see Episode VIII, but I think Rogue One is a little early for her. 
It's gonna be full of cheering and stuff the whole movie so I think you will be okay my first Star Wars movie was when I 5 years old for Revenge of the Sith and it is next to EP 7 one of my favorite memories ever.
Do it! You'd be a great parent.
You say "left out" like he was a major film character or the show was adapted from the comics.

He was a character created for the comics and featured in completely different stories to those George was telling. Sure, George pinched Aayla Secura, but only because he saw her in a particularly cool piece of artwork used as a cover for one of the comics. 

I mean, don't get me wrong, K'Kruhk is awesome, and I'm sure he could be brought into the canon in the right story if there's an author who cares about him. But I wouldn't get your hopes up about him appearing on the big screen. 
A Whipid Jedi would be cool, but I don't see it happening on the big screen.
It was no trouble at all when tickets came out in the UK last week. Rogue One is being hyped up much less than TFA, which was basically a relaunch of the brand into mainstream public consciousness.
I ask because I'm trying to grab about 10 tickets in a row at my nearest 70mm IMAX. Last year that would have been impossible, I'm hoping this year i can make it work. 

After that I want to go to Fandango and grab 2 tickets to the sunday showing so I can get one of those dope posters.
Got my tickets around 8:45 eastern time last year for TFA. I got opening night, perfect seats. Best movie I've ever seen in the theater. 
"We have one thing the Empire doesn't have... we're DESPERATE!"

Classic Hondo right there.
I wish Azmorigan died. Not only because I don't like him, but it would have given Hondo an opportunity to not care *too* much about it and for Ezra to be even more disillusioned with Hondo because of that. But also I don't like him.

Edit: But overall I liked it! It was funny and pretty and somehow they actually made me scared for Ezra and Zeb's life when they fell. Sabine's reaction was great.
It was a fun little episode. I loved the banter at the beginning about "I still own her" and "don't be blind to this opportunity..."

Hondo is still a lovable bastard.
I quite enjoyed it. Found myself laughing at some of the Hondo moments, and it was a nice episode break from fighting the empire. Sentry droids and the backdrop provided a nice action sequence at the end. 7/10 perhaps.
I hoped the sentry droids were more than "sentry droids". Everything about them could have changed if AP said "there's a shipment of experimental droids" or "sentry droids don't usually guard these ships but given the cargo they were assigned to this".  

Something to hint that those droids were special. 
Filler episode, but the funny kind, not the bad kind we got last week.
This was a much better episode. Visually beautiful too.
I really enjoyed this episode. Hope we see more of Ezra challenging authority like this. I don't want his dark side temptations at the start of the season to be as far as that plotline goes.
Very pleasantly surprised by this episode! Great animation and very fun plot. Filler in a sense but it also continues the proton bomb subplot from earlier. And of course, Hondo was amazing, probably his best episode yet. Glad to see AP-5 and Melch returning.
I firmly believe Hondo is the single most likable character in the Star Wars universe be it canon or legends.
That Ugnaught - aka ["The friends we made along the way"](http://b.thumbs.redditmedia.com/TDuqWeAgVI9Dz560vz8Em2noQ-qLQHDPu9bbBW5fkpA.png) - is totally Snoke. You heard it here first, folks!

Edit: added link
At least it was better than the last episode. I was honestly expecting a character to die toward the end, though. 
"Some truth is better than no truth." Obi Wan would agree...
Really happy it looks like Ezra is finally going to be done with Hondo's shit. I think he's a good character for a quick filler/change of pace episode but omfg it feels like we've already had so many episodes with him, and they're basically all the same plot.
I'm not one to be a downer, but did anyone else think this episode was… kinda bad?

Hondo's antics are always funny and entertaining, but I think the horse is getting bloodied at this point. If they're going to make him a serious addition to the character list, I'd prefer if he didn't just show up every few episodes to scam the Rebels again. This episode didn't feel like it brought very much to the table. I mean after all, in a season with none other than Grand Admiral Thrawn himself, who wanted to see *Azimorgan?* I'm also getting the feeling that we're not going to see that Zeb-Ezra rivalry again anytime soon, as much as I wish it was foreshadowing persistent darkness in the boy.

The episode had more than a few redeeming factors, however. The proton bombs were finally acquired by the crew and, once again, Hondo's lines were great ("Don't be *blind* to this opportunity!"). I just think that the more serious achievement could have happened completely off-screen so that this time slot could be dedicated to a better, more relevant, episode.

But oh well. I'm not going to cry over twenty-two minutes of spilled milk. This season's been great otherwise.
I think compared to last week this felt more like rebels. Hondo is still one of the best characters, and there is even some character building the way we keep seeing Ezra challenge authority.  Also like the introduction of Sentry droids reminds me a bit of Dark Troopers and HK-47s
I always grimace whenever it looks like there's gonna be another Hondo episode, but I have to admit, he had me laughing by his second blind joke. Quality filler right here.
I wish for once Hondo would go back to his ruthless, not-really-giving-a-shit-about-anyone attitude. He doesn't really seem like a space pirate anymore--just a greedy weird uncle character. Doesn't help this his crew isn't a bunch of other guys who can theoretically mutiny him.
So, on the one hand, Hondo was great as usual, and we got to see some Dark Troopers!

On the other hand, they weren't really acknowledged as Dark Troopers. And also, *what the hell is wrong with that freighter*? The design is obviously intended to make it look like its hauling cargo pods, but now it has a cargo bay right in the middle of them? Did the person who wrote this episode have *any* idea what they were doing?
A great episode in term of humour, pace & action... But I would have hope for a more dark conclusion. The lines  :

Hondo - "Friendship is its own rewards"

Ezra - "You really mean that" *while smiling*

Felt a bit "too happy" for an episode where we clearly show that Hondo didn't hesitate two times to abandon Azmo & the Ugnaught, and just after Ezra got saved by the coordination of the whole rebels team. I would have a love a bitter conclusion.
Good job but colored lightsaber shadows? If its suppose to be light coming from the sabers then it would be just a soft glow on snow all around them. 
I made this in 4 hours during a project of school. I had to make an 8 bit picture and I could choose whatever I liked.

Please note that I myself am never good at drawing, and that this was my first time making something into 8 bit.

I do hope you quite like it. It's not entirely finished as the trees need to be larger and stars WAY lesser, but I panicked XD
You might enjoy r/PixelArt! 

Good first attempt. I know how long they can take and it's not easy. Both of them look cute
Can you make a BB-8-bit? 
1. No, it isn't canon 

2. It can move between systems like the Death Stars. The rebel Base was also in a different system.
Yeah, wound in the Force is not canon anymore.  
And your second problem, the Starkiller wasn't in the same system as the Resistance base, it's just JJ's shit writing that had everyone see the beam from anywhere.  
There is no real explanation for it.
>Every person that was force sensitive to a decent degree would have felt this according to the definition of Wound in the force. 

Hello Happy Luke Training With A Lightsaber While Obi-Wan Goes Breathless After Alderaan Goes Gaga
That a really good thought. The phantom energy would have to be fired using a star without a system with life (if they even cared about the collateral damage), which might be impossible. Because, yes it would flash freeze every planet in the system they used it in.
you're questioning the PHYSICS of the Star Wars universe... yet you don't mention lightning shooting from fingertips? or telekinesis? or suggestive thought? come now
Nah, when the dude in ANH was like 'TK421, why aren't you at your post?' Then Luke comes out, acting all human like and nobody says anything it was clear then they were people inside

I think a lot of people thought they were at least part robot and the film gives no definite answer 
47 years old and I saw all three originals in the theater at release. It was very ambiguous and mysterious what the Stormtroopers and Darth Vader were... At times you thought them robots, androids or something.
Nope.  In the recent JJ Abrams commentary for Force Awakens, he mentions he thought they were robots as a kid as well.
Lots of kids did. It was kinda the point of dehumanizing them with armour. I am pretty sure I thought they were robots too, although I don't really remember how persistent I was on that. 
I thought so too. It's nice to see them humanized. That's why I liked Finn so much. 
I thought they were robots. When Luke put on the uniform, I wondered where all the "wires" went to. Saw it in the theatre, first run. I am old. 
Nah. When ANH came out a lot of people thought Vader and the Stormtroopers were robots because of the armor. 
Not at all. I remember watching ANH for the first time on TV (I think I was about eight at the time) and having a discussion with my dad about them. They being 'white ones' (stormtroopers) and the 'gold one' (you-know-who) and dad explaining to me that they were all people in costumes, but only the gold one was *meant to be* a robot.

(and typing that made me wish I had a time machine :) ).
"Aren't you a little short to be a stormtrooper robot?"

How could they have gotten the armor disguises if they were robots?

This is weird to me, because it never crossed my mind that they were anything but people in there, even as a kid. 
probably.  i mean.  the whole luke and han wearing storm trooper outfits....?  isn't that a dead giveaway?
The first time I ever saw a Star Wars film was Empire on VHS in the early 90's. I also assumed they were robots since you never heard them speak. Imagine my surprise when I was finally able to see ANH months later and they speak throughout the whole film...
And, I thought that it said 'OIL' on their backs too.
Cyborgs maybe


Not robots
I thought Boba Fett was a robot...
Yes. Yes you were.
I did early on in the movie. I was six when I first saw the original trilogy waaaaay back in 1991, and I didn't really know what a skeleton looked like at the time. Like I knew based on the stereotypical imagery shown to kids, but I didn't know what a realistic one looked like. So when they got to the scene where Luke returns to find the smouldering bodies of his aunt and uncle I just assumed everyone was robots. My dad immediately corrected me, but I can remember thinking after that "Wow, only robots could do something so awful to people because they're not real people." Of course by the end of the movie I had changed my mind because robots couldn't possibly be so stupid and have such terrible aim. 

Well, that and the fact that Han and Luke stealing their armor would make no sense if they were robots. 
I didn't even think Vader was robotic until the 2nd film.  I just thought it was a cool costume.  

If they were robots, why are the helmets empty for people to put their heads in it?  I don't really see how they can be anything other than dudes in armor.


Nah, I thought they were robots when I was young too
Never understood why people thought so. Maybe for first few minutes, but later in the movie... nope. It's never straight up told but just the fact that Luke and Han disguised as stormtroopers should be enough to process it properly.

I was what... 6 years old when I first saw ANH? I don't recall ever thinking of stormtroopers as robots/droids.
I did in the opening scene on Tantive IV. Before any lines were spoken my thoughts were the white robots are the bad guys and the black robot is their boss. I eventually figured it out but I don't know at what point, probably when they said "Look sir, droids".
Yep, totally. Pretty sure I thought Darth Vader was too.
Maybe in the trology, but not in the trilogy.

I knew they were humans because if they were robots, Han and Luke would not be able to get in their armor.
That's Abita, a fantastic Louisiana beer.  
Here's what the Chewbacca costume for Episode III looked like without hair.

https://i.imgur.com/vR3IkER.png

Or at least, I think it's the Chewbacca one. Could just be one of the other wookiee costumes they built.
[This is Aqua Teen Hunger Force's idea of what that would look like](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Te5aF9ZNmYE/maxresdefault.jpg)
Like Lucas without beard:  fucking weird.
idk. why don't you find one and shave it and report back to us.
WHAT CAN YOU GET A WOOKIEE FOR CHRISTMAS WHEN HE ALREADY OWNS A COMB?!

someone please get that
Was this painted by Bobba Ross?
Happy little waves
It took me a while to figure out that's the Falcon...
Which terminal is this? (Totally asking for a friend and not for me who lives Gatwick... Ahem).
And I thought [the "original" image](https://s19.postimg.org/gxc8tva3l/G4e_Vx2x.jpg) had too many repeated stormtroopers.
Dammit!!! I was just there for a trip and it was just the crappy easyjet adverts everywhere!
Too bad it is still a terrible airport. The Imperial Oppression really adds to the mood, if you think about it.
Rad. I live about 3 miles down the road from Gatwick, so I'll pop up to check it out soon
Thats cool
The suns never set on the galactic empire
Hail corporate has never been more suitable.
He has a Boba Fett-ish. 
I give up. What's supposed to be funny about this?
He sure likes to prominently display his interests, doesn't he? 
Um, black tshirt?
Astromech's speak in binary, you could understand that stuff if you know it
It's like any other language. It can be learned. 
Well, I don't think people in the movies really understood what droids were saying (except for Threepio), they just ended up interpreting sounds and tones after so much exposure and contact.  Kind of like when a (mo/fa)ther understand what the baby wants after having learned to differentiate the sounds.
In certain circumstances, there were computers translating. Like after the battle of hoth in Luke's X-wing when he has a conversation with artoo.
Very carefully.

(Droids speak in Binary generally, and sentients can learn it. Some droids have different accents though, like how BB-8 and R2 sound different, but they are both understandable)
Same way French people can understand Brits. Or Americans Germans. It's a language, you can learn it. I could imagine humans growing up in Binary, although those would be some cruel parents.
Even though they refer to it as "binary", it's clearly not articulated that way by the droids.

Honestly, it doesn't sounds too dissimilar to Morse code, which is just a series of taps. If someone can learn Morse code, it can't be too much more difficult to learn a language based on tonal beeps I wouldn't think.
Yeah, droids are much like dogs and cats in the SW universe. You learn their personalities and it becomes easy to understand and communicate.
Thanks for telling!! 😊😊
Jimmy Fallon?
Jimmy's gonna tousle her hair and laugh with her! Awesome! :D
We're working on a dub of A New Hope using Chinglish subtitles I generated in a manner similar to Backstroke of the West. This is the opening crawl, which was designed in Chinese by /u/bureika and then machine-translated back to English by me.
If you'd like to voice-act a character in our dub, or get more information about the project, please head over to /r/TheDubGathers!

*Milky Way emperor evil*
Attention: Rebel Army Spy Management

Subject: Re: Use of Clothing Station Wagon in theft of Empire Death Star

Seriously, who thought this was a good idea? It's barely big enough to eat all star.

Regards, Management
So you are intentionally misinterpreting it into Chinese from English by someone who is bi-lingual, and then taking those mistranslated and putting them into English by a machine correct?
There are certain websites that allow you to make your own title crawl.
And only 383 days until Episode VIII! :D 
That also means it's like 18 days until I have final exams. So I am both insanely excited and dreading it, which is a strange feeling.
Oh man, I'm looking forward to seeing this more than Christmas. Luckily for me, who has the privilege to live in Sweden only have 19 more days! I'm looking forward to hearing Vader again, and his lightsaber the most. I'm also super curious to see how it ends, though I don't ever want a Star Wars movie to end.
Booked my ticket for the first midnight showing last night, now i just have to keep dodging spoilers.
18 days for Norway :)
Thats actually a pretty cool idea! Great work
Is there anyway this is actually legal/you've actually got the rights to everything you're showing?
Nice! Seems pretty cool to be honest
It's like Toonami Aftermath, in a sense. Great idea!
An idea I had: have people also live stream Star Wars video games. Since I'm 24, there are a lot of vintage SW games I haven't the privilege to play myself, and would to love to see someone comment on them and play live. 
Do we know how many hours of movies and tv there is for starwars? 
Probably not as to not cannibalize their own Rogue One hype. 
Nope, not with rogue one coming out soon. It'll likely be at celebration in April. 
Yeah, this year will set the precedent for the SW reveals going forward, rather than last year when TFA was the *only* thing on the horizon. I wouldn't expect VIII news until next year.
No because Rogue One is coming out, Celebration is a few months away, and The Force Awakens requires a different marketing campaign then VIII. 
Wouldn't count against a title reveal and veeeery small teaser (like, just a landscape shot or two, a little voiceover and maybe a silhouette shot of Rey and Luke) around the Rogue One release or just after.
did someone put this on vhs and upload as 1080p?
I love how the walker looks back at them after getting hit, like seriously, that's all you've got?
Don't trust your computer


https://i.imgur.com/15jYvMOh.jpg
That potato quality though 
I sure hope they succeed in stealing the plans!
It's not the final trailer, just an abc promo. I don't know how anyone could fall for that
'I will not fail...'
K2SO already stealing the show for me. 
Guys don't watch if you don't want a couple of individual jokes/scenes spoiled. 
Anyone else hoping to see Biggs, Porkins, Wedge and the rest for pre-Luke Red Squadron make an appearance?
I personally can't wait for more Ben Mendelsohn hope he gets a killer monologs or something. 

#gowatchbloodlinessogood
I liked that they used the same mechanical sounds for the walker as they did in ESB. 

EDIT: The sound the walker makes as it turns to look back after the rocket hit.
I officially can't wait for this movie.
All of the trailers I have seen for Rogue One really capture the Star Wars feel that I found The Force Awakens missing, but then again the trailers for The Force Awakens had much more of a throwback Star Wars feel than the movie ultimately did in my opinion
I liked the other trailers but I'm not a fan of this one. It looks like a shitty action movie too much
continuing my trend of getting teary when the x-wings show up out of nowhere
The POWAH that we are dealing with here
I like Jyns delivery of "may the force be with us" on this more than on the sizzle reel. 
[Official Version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWNvdoRnNv8) from the Star Wars YouTube channel. In actual HD and not potato quality.
Not sure if "punch it" is meant to be a shout out, or taken as a common expression of the day in that era.
I know this isn't a popular opinion.. but damn, this doesn't even feel like Star Wars. It feels like a general sci-fi/action film, with Star Wars characters.
This is a bit nitpicky: I'm saddened that they dubbed her "May the force be with us". It sounded more hopefull in the development featurette. 
"My circuits are a-buzz with anticipation of what your next task will be for me that does not involve ending the life of an organic meatbag that deserves death"
Anyone know where I can get the music from this trailer?
I really hope this ends with the rebels uploading the Death Star plans, then immediately getting slaughtered by Vader.
I gotta say, seeing the X-Wings damage the AT-AT makes me think that these are an older model of Walkers, and in the years up to ESB they made them impervious to blaster fire. Could also be that X-Wings have more powerful blasters than Snowspeeders. I could be wrong, but that's my observation.
I love seeing an X-Wing take on an AT-AT!
I detect *weak sauce*
Is anyone else upset about how boring and generic the main character is?
They completely blew it with the music.
And the final coment.

Is like a trailer for people that dont know star wars or Aliens new to our planet.

Is looks like another generic movie trailer. Why disney, why?!?!?
If that was the only trailer I had seen up to this point I would not be seeing this movie, that was awful. 
Is it just me or does this trailer's music have the same exact string section as the Thor theme?
https://youtu.be/Bd6F2UOjOI8?t=1m2s
Do we know when tickets will go on sale yet?  Last year I was able to buy them in October but I haven't seen anything this year.
The quality of that was utter pish!
Man, seeing that X-Wing dive in and take-out that AT-AT out of nowhere in theaters would've been great.
Ho-ly shit, when those X-wings showed up after the failed AT-AT RPG <3
Seriously guys, this is the last trailer, I promise - Gareth Edwards
Anyone else getting a PROXY/HK-47 vibe out of the imperial droid?
If there was any Star Wars film that should be serious and not have gags and jokes every five minutes it's gotta be this suicide mission. Please let the film be more dramatic and serious instead of the modern action scene->jokes->action scene->jokes->action scene->jokes formula.
Do not watch this. Really bad quality.
Or, if you want the official version that doesn't look like it was filmed on a shitty VHS camcorder:

https://youtu.be/YWNvdoRnNv8
Oh boy, that signature ABC sound mixing that sounds like shit
I feel like each trailer has me less and less excited for this film :(
Amazing how many people don't know the difference between a trailer and a commercial. 
This will not be popular, but this just doesn't look that great to me. I've been trying to get excited for it since announcement, and I can't. I think it looks weird, the line reads are terrible. I mean, they are atrocious, "take hold of this moment" sounds like something you would hear out of an awful fan fiction, ditto for literally every line I've heard out of the main character (Erso, if I'm spelling that right?).

Honestly, the only good parts seem to be the cinematography, even though it doesn't remind me of Star Wars at all, and the robot, because he channels bits of a much milder HK-47.

I definitely won't be seeing it in a theatre, which is odd since TFA was the first thing I saw in a theatre for years.
i feel like i've already seen the movie now
Does anyone else think that Diego Luna's lines all seem overdubbed and out of sync in this (and all previous) trailers? What's up with that?
Why is each new Rogue One trailer progressively worse than the one that came before it? The first one had me quite excited.
I hate when they say "may the force be with you." This is during a time period where the force wasn't known. 
What an awful trailer, totally not Star Wars. The potato quality doesn't help either.
Displays like that make you wonder why the Rebels even feared the Empire. Even in old canon X-Wings would wreck AT-AT walkers.
I'll probably watch this.
I wonder if Palpatine will be in it? 
"*They* call it the Death Star," isn't that only what the rebellion called it/rebel propaganda? Or are they changing that now
How spoilery is this trailer? Since BvS, I've been super cautious about anything past the first trailer, since each one gradually gives away more and more of the plot.
Watch it with captions on
Seems that i'm gonna die without the chance of watch a movie about Kyle Katarn :(
I thought I saw Hugh Laurie at first...
So close
The music give anyone else chills? I'll miss John Williams but damn that sounded amazing!
Why is the picture quality so poor?
Yep still get chills like I'm 12 years old.  I'M READY FOR THIS!
Rebels vs AT-AT walkers in Rogue One > Rebels vs AT-AT walkers in Empire
I dont think this movie needed another trailer tbh.
Still gotta listen to the prequel book...but I still gotta finish the Ashoka book...what to dooo
I'm so excited about this movie. More than I was about Force Awakens.

However, this trailer is the worse one they have released.
I feel really emotional every time I see a star wars trailer. 
I'm *so* much more psyched for this one than I was for Episode VII. This is the Star Wars prequel I wanted when I was twelve years old or so.
Same bullshit with this soundtrack as in every modern film track, painfuly irritating ostinati same four chords all the way through destroying and regurgitating John Williams music. Absolutely no sense of counterpoint or musical sense at all.

Dont even get me started on the painfully cliche orchestration, not a hint of woodwind or anything interesting. Bloated horns and brass section, african drum percussion with reverb like it was recorded in a quarry and screeching chorus's

This shit is obviously the work of someone sitting at a computer all day messing with a keyboard until they get something that sounds good.

Single handedly destroying the epic legacy of John Williams and causing the film music industry to continue its free fall from excellence where there is no longer a premium on skill and artistic expression in music.

Fucking hell
EDIT: this music is fascist in every sense, no room for the listener to have thier own thoughts or expressive but forcing its ideology on the audience. "YOU SHOULD FEEL EXCITED RIGHT NOW" to listen you have to conform 
Question: is the beginning of the movie going to have an opening text scrawl?
I still think its odd that Disney hasnt released an "idiot proof" trailer for this...there is still way too much confusion amongst the general audiences about what/when/where this movie is about. They needed to do something like BEFORE REY....BEFORE LUKE SKYWALKER....SEE THE HEROES WHO LAUNCHED THE REBELLION AND TOOK DOWN THE FIRST DEATH STAR! SEE DARTH VADER IN HIS PRIME!! YES THIS IS TECHNICALLY ANOTHER PREQUEL,BUT THIS ONE IS GONNA BE GOOD,WE SWEAR!!!!
Don't you find it kinda weird how much they talk about the force? In the first star wars most people didn't know much about it. 
X-Wings to the rescue!
Rogue One fever is on..check this insane life size replica...https://youtu.be/-btpxtKT9Ec
This is the Star Wars movie I've been waiting for.
Is it me or the AT-ACT look like Godzilla?
The closer we get to rogue one, the saltier i get that they managed to get Donnie Yen, made him a force user, yet didn't give him a lightsaber. 

I know it would have ruined the whole no jedi left thing but CMOOON, DONNIE YEN. WITH A LIGHTSABER. 
I feel like I've seen the whole movie now.
"Punch it" makes me hard everytime.
WHEN THE FUCK ARE PRESALE TICKETS GOING TO BE OFFERED????
In the beginning it felt like I was about to watch an episode of The Flash.
Xwing vs. ATAT.... coooool!!!
Why does everything look so gray? Like cement 
"What is this, some kind of Death Star or something?"
Why do we need so many trailers
Well I just shit my pants. Again.
I hope no Bothans were harmed in the making of this movie.
The AT-AT's look like shit. The proportions are totally off. The legs are way too long and thin.
This looks like it will blow Force Awakens out of orbit.
I feel like I'm the only one that doesn't care about this movie on this sub.
Oh god the main actress is so cringey. Everything else is fine. 
I might be misremembering so correct me if I'm wrong:

In a New Hope when they are looking at the plans of the Death Star doesn't one of the rebel leaders say something along the lines of "Many Bothan's died getting us this information"?

So from watching the trailers I keep wondering why there aren't any Bothans shown in any of the clips.

Am I wrong and that wasn't what they said about the Death Star plans? Or are there Bothans shown in the trailer and I'm just not seeing them?

Edit: I'm thinking of the wrong Death Star, the "many Bothans died" thing came from RotJ
This is looking good, but I admit I do hope it's an almost total party kill for the "Rogue One" group to get the plans for the Death Star. After all why should a buncha humans be more successful than the Bothans?
I think that one of the biggest draws of this movie will be Felicity Jones' pants. 
I want Ben Mendelsohn as every bad guy ever from now on. God damn, this looks better than episode 7 
The Chirrut and Baze brotherhood is gonna be the best part of this movie! 
Why would you upload this potato quality? And why would you guys upvote this to 3k? Downvote into oblivion pls.
[deleted]
Where's the bothans?
Satine died 19BBY. Even the most basic research disproves your theory.
This won't happen simply because 99% of people who see the film won't give a shit about Satine or know who she is. And they would somehow have to explain this in a film.
This seems logical 
Laura Dern could be a much older Sabine Wren!
The human-like face makes this horrifying
Nightmare fuel
Welp I'm awake now. 
tfw you're not sure if they're cousins so you can't be cool with the almost kiss
Reylo is life!

Seriously, this is beautiful, love the colors. 
Source: http://jesterry.deviantart.com/art/You-need-a-teacher-638360612

I was going to post another one of his/hers but then I saw THIS!
Cool art, just not digging the "Reylo" portion. 
Lovely piece. I'm also not sure of the Reylo theory, but this is beautiful.
I'm hot for teacher!
I had this strange thought of Rey asking "what's your accreditation?"
Yeah fair enough i just liked the color
The Empire Strikes Back trailer reminds me of the opening clips from The Clone Wars.
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Meh, I'm fine with a new film every year. As long as they're good, how would I get fatigued?
As good an idea as it is- they're not gonna pass off an opportunity to make money. I don't see it happening.
I'm 61. They can take a break after I'm dead.
A break after the Skywalker saga wraps up would be nice, but you know that's not gonna happen.

Though, hey, if they're gonna push out a third Anthology flick for 2020, it's more likely to be the Obi-Wan flick that everybody's been screaming for, since the first film after the Skywalker films being one last flashback that united the prequels and the original trilogy would be a fantastic way to wrap up the first five years of Disney's relaunch of Star Wars and would clear the decks for "phase II" of Disney's Star Wars efforts with a KOTOR film or whatever the hell non-Anthology, non-Skywalker-centric tangent they'll end up developing.
To be honest I hope there are eventually two Star Wars films a year like Marvel. As long as there are a couple of years between saga films, there won't be much fatigue. I know some people will *say* they're fatigued and there's too much but those people will be the vast minority.. just like some complain about over exposure of Marvel films. We're going on a decade of multiple Marvel films a year and every single one smashes the box office.
You can take a break, as for me, I'll be watching whatever is released in 2020. 
I can never get tired of yearly Star Wars movies
That's a great idea.  
I really don't want Star Wars to become like Marvel.  
Marvel is the fast food of movies, easy to consume but just runs through your body with no substance.
Rogue One

Episode VIII

Han Solo

Episode IX

Jabba the Hutt

Droids

Episode I Remake

Leia Organa:  Monarchy is Fun

Episode II Remake

Spaceballs II

Obi-Wan Kenobi:  Coping With Loss

Episode III Remake

Yoda:  Survival

Episode IV Remake

Sidious and Maul:  Partners in Crime

Episode VI Remake

Episode VII Remake

Episode VIII Remake

Rogue Two

Episode IX Remake

Dooku:  Electric Bogaloo

Episode X
Just you wait, they're ramping up marvel movies to 3 times a year starting 2017.  Think of how many star wars films they can make.
I completely agree. As much as I love the fact that we're getting so many films, Lucasfilm needs to know how to pace themselves to avoid audience fatigue and to build up proper hype. Taking breaks every few years will give them much more longevity in the end, and also keep it special for the fans.
I'd like to see them release the new stand alone film in 2020 then not do a film in 2021, give us some time before starting the next trilogy. 
It will probably depend on the box office results of Rogue One and Ep8. Usually series/trilogies tank in the middle episodes as people generally go to the first and last films (ex: prequel trilogy). If RO bombs out or Ep8 doesn't do so hot it will probably tell Disney to slow it down to try and not flood the market. I know money is tempting but nothing destroys a good series like over flooding the market. 
NR-99's show up more than the Juggernaut's do, so I personally wouldn't add them to the list.  It's a shame we never saw them in full CIS colors but we don't in Episode III so I guess it makes sense.  My personal biggest disappointment in "lacking TCW vehicles" is the non-drawf spider droid.  They were featured a lot in Legends content and they always seemed make sense to me in a universe filled with walkers.  We did get the Octuptarra in the movie so maybe they wanted to use that, but we also see spider droids in Episode III on Felucia.
I like that they introduced a lot of new stuff and didn't just rehash existing characters and designs.

I'm sure the hailfire was used a bit on one of those pink planets.
I did find it a bit weird that some of the common vehicles never really appeared, but I suppose a lot of the episodes did focus on smaller strike forces and teams. And there are a lot of other battles those vehicles did appear in, I assume.

But I really agree with you that a lot of the Jedi characters went underused. I think there were plans to show more of them in the later seasons before the show was cancelled. Oppo Rancisis and Coleman Kcaj had models made and added later in the show's run. Rancisis even had a unique lightsaber hilt modeled, so I assume they planned to show him fighting at some point (and possibly dying, opening his seat up for Anakin later). The producers also confirmed that they were in the process of making a model for Stass Allie so she could show up.

If the show had continued they also would have redone the Battle of Coruscant and Grievous swooping in to take Palpatine. The battle through the city with Shaak Ti and Grievous in the 2003 version was my favorite part of the series. While it wouldn't have been the same, it still would have been nice to see Shaak Ti get in on the action since she is one of my favorite background characters. Maybe they could have added Coleman Kcaj to the battle as well since there is literally no information on the character and he has never spoken in any of his appearances.

I do think they missed an opportunity early on in TCW though when they let Eeth Koth survive his encounter with Grievous in Season 2. It would have added a bit more credibility to Grievous as a villain if he defeated and killed Koth (even if with the help of his Magna Guards), and then they could have added Agen Kolar in later. But as of right now we don't know what happened to Koth and why Kolar was in his seat in Episode III.

Also, I wish Cin Drallig had appeared more often and had a bigger part in the Wrong Jedi arc. I always liked him and Sera Keto after having played the Revenge of the Sith game.
During a recent rewatch, my brother and I liked trying to figure out what transport the heroes were going to use this time. A personal favorite was what we dubbed "the Happy Shuttle", the Eta-Class for the cockpit that appeared to be an over exaggerated smiling face.
I think I'm going to enjoy K2SO
I think the stormtrooper threw [the N-20 Baradium-core thermal detonator](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/N-20_Baradium-core_thermal_detonator) stored on the back of his amor at K-2SO! That's the first time we've seen that.
First on screen use of a thermal detonator?
Nice, and for the [uninitiated.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sqz5dbs5zmo)
I love how casually he caught it!
Cool droids don't look at explosions.
Just kinda lets it all wash over him.
So far the thing that has me most concerned about Rogue One is that the Stormtroopers look SUPER INCOMPETENT even by Stormtrooper standards. Are we supposed to be scared of Deathtroopers and Scarifs? Every Stormtrooper we've seen in the trailer is just getting humiliated. Entire squads or more are being destroyed by sticks. Over and over again. How many Troopers get knocked out by sticks??? Then one guy with an auto-blaster just annihilates on how many? Now at least 4 get blown up by a no look grenade toss, a grenade supplied to the resistance by one of their own after what looks like another 6 were beat into submission.

It's like the Stormtrooper corps is the 3 Million Stooges.
I have some horrible feeling that K2SO is going to get a spear through the chest. 
Wtf is that one trooper doing at the beginning?
This reminds me of the scene in TFA where Han points and shoots a storm trooper without looking. Didn't like that scene, and not a fan of this one either.
Is this from the trailers? I don't remember this scene, and from the quality of it, I would think it's from a leaked video
I love the way K2SO it doesn't care about humans dropping their bags, threatening to kill them, and just walking away with a "don't give a shit! Screw you meat bags!" Attitude 
Someone's going to make this into an anti-downvote gif soon.
Is it just me, or is Felicity Jones's expression and stance just about the sexiest, strongest thing ever?!
 Do storm trooper blasters have like a 12 foot range? Do they just not realize you can shoot at enemies from a distance?
Oh, I get it!

5<-RED = Red 5
those eyes have seen pain. Great job
This hits me in the feels and makes me think. Great job.
This is really great to just show the human inside the cold suit, after knowing Vaders backstory I didn't hate him, I felt sorry for Anakin
This is really haunting. Love it
uhfilaksfhdakjh lajthis is awesome
In the book "Tarkin" communications are often analyzed in depth to check for irregularities. While not quite programming tough there is definitely room for computer manipulation. 

And there is C3-PO who can speak many languages including Bacci which the moisture harvesters run on (ANH). So I expect that if a droid can do it there certainly must be wide spread programming in the galaxy.
I don't think so. At least, not in depth. The closest thing that comes to mind is the KOTOR video game where hacking was console commands, as if the console were a droid. But obviously that's just a game.

Would be cool if there was anthology about the dude that creates AI in the Star Wars universe. 
Hackers are called slicers.

That is about it.

Remember, this is Star Wars, not Star Trek. Star Wars is is a space opera, or science fantasy, not sci-fi. Rules of physics ot reality do not apply.
The concept of hacking, or slicing as it is referred to in Star Wars, is explored a bit, especially in the Old Republic era. Similar to computers today, both encryption and decryption seemed to have progressed at similar rates. One way slicers (Star Wars hackers) could slice a computer is by inserting a data spike into any port of a data terminal/computer, where the spike would rapidly run a set of decryption algorithms, with the algorithms run depending on the data spike. These were usually one time use because they would short out after slicing one terminal. Drawback of this method obviously is that the slicer has to be physically present at the terminal. R2-D2 probably used a similar method to gain access to various ship controls, although droid brains operated a bit differently.
In "Ahsoka" an influential senator hides their involvement with the burgeoning rebellion by wiping all files and communiques related to rebel operations, for fear of the digital versions falling in to the wrong hands. And an Imperial consultant makes reference to an algorithm he's written for locating resources for the Empire.

Not direct references to code, but implications that coding is happening.
Here are a few mentions of programming I recall from books, although neither are particularly in depth.

In [*Lords of the Sith (minor spoilers)*](/s "Kallon, a member of the Freedom Fighters, is described as "a genius with artificial intelligence." He reprograms droid fighters to fly independent of a droid control ship. It is mentioned a few times they cannot stand against enemy fighters, and they are used as distractions or to deliver payloads in the book.") I don't recall any programming details given in the book but the mention of artificial intelligence supports your thought that SW technology works similar to ours. [Google Books link to quote](https://books.google.com/books?id=qiPTCwAAQBAJ&pg=PA76&lpg=PA76&dq=lords+of+the+sith+reprogramming&source=bl&ots=nkknnmjFh_&sig=mVlQCvjAffFtsIKR0fSEvOWzpbQ&hl=en&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjy1-3QmMjQAhVEzGMKHQVhBu0Q6AEIPDAF#v=onepage&q=lords%20of%20the%20sith%20reprogramming&f=false)

In [*Aftermath (character description)*](/s "the modified battle droid Mister Bones is said to be "primed with a high-octane cocktail of programs. Some heuristic combat droid programs, some martial arts vids, the moves of some Clone Wars cyborg general, and also, the body-mapped maneuvers of a troupe of la-ley dancers from Ryloth." Bones was assembled from scavenged parts by Temmin Wexley. His mechanical improvements are described a bit in the book however I don't recall much detail given in terms of software. The cyborg general in the quote is referring to Grievous.") Wiki links to [Mister Bones](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Mister_Bones) and [Temmin Wexley](
http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Temmin_Wexley)

Edit: Just finished Heir to the Jedi and there are quite a few CS references that definitely sound similar to ours. [*plot overview*](/s "The Alliance is attempting to rescue a "cryptographic genius" from the empire to crack imperial codes.") This book definitely has the most programming references of the three here and has a lot of math terminology thrown in too. 
Not in deph i think.
And why should programming be any different? It's the same universe as ours.

http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Category:Software

http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Category:Computer_technology

http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Category:Data_storage_and_processing

http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Forb_Basic
Please don't give Hot Topic any more bad ideas. 
Is she wearing a necktie?
So is "Darth Girl" meant to be read as the name of a Sith-themed superhero, or as the name of a girl-themed Sith Lord?

Because while the former is kind of cool, the latter is really dumb.
no
Might want to try out a dedicated forum like sideshowcollectors, rebelscum, or statueforums.
If it doesn't have any exhaust ports, everyone on board would die from asphyxiation. 

So, droid ship?
I would have very publicly housed the families of every crew member aboard.
I would make it more environmentally friendly.
I'd just say fuck it, build the [Galaxy Gun](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Galaxy_Gun), and park it somewhere in the Outer Rim. Why bother with constantly moving around a giant space station that exposes itself when it attacks when you could just fire planet-destroying missiles through hyperspace? 
Make it look like a giant lightsaber in space
Something like [this](http://m.imgur.com/gallery/QkRTW5C).
* Radically improve computer network security to prevent unauthorized Droids from simply plugging into a random Dock terminal and gaining access to everything.  All dockside computers would operate on an independent network, completely separate from the primary network for the rest of the station.  The ability to access station schematics or information on high level prisoners would be restricted to terminals that are on the primary network and with proper authorization.

* Improve the anti-Starfighter defenses of the Death Star by installing close range rapid fire blaster cannons, long range flak batteries and Concussion Missile Launcher batteries across the entire station.  Also install secondary shield generators to cover the small gaps in the primary shielding that fighters could sneak through.

* The Tractor Beam Control Assembly is in a sealed room guarded by a squad of Stormtroopers and remotely monitored at all times rather than simply sitting next to a walkway without any kind of security monitoring.  

* The Detention Blocks go on automatic lockdown when weapon fire is detected.  That means that all cell doors are magnetically sealed and can only be opened with the personal authorization of a Colonel or higher.  The same happens to all garbage compactor shafts.         
Don't build it. I would take all the money and materiel and use them to build several hundred, if not thousand star destroyers. They could inflict far more damage than any super weapons and for a much more efficient cost.


I've said it before and I'll say it again: soldiers win wars, not superweapons.
Make it more defensible against small craft like X-wings. Maybe have important, ahem accessible components to the station ray shielded. Make it considerably smaller, I mean that seemed to make it pretty difficult to defend as it's a huge exposed sphere and also it seemed to make it difficult to do anything quickly, it took them a life time to get within firing range of Yavin, if it were smaller it would be able to move into position faster and the rebels would have had little time to execute anything. And then they went and made it bigger, and then hell they went and made another super weapon literally the size of a planet (I know , different "administration" but you still think they would have learned). And they made it even easier, instead of a two foot wide weakness they had like a two mile wide weakness. Apologies for getting off topic a little.
I'd install lazer-proof bars and whatever X-Wing proof force fields for those exhaust ports. 

The rest of the Death Star, I'd hire some computer savy guy and assistant Kevin for the really hard parts and stuff I overlooked.
I had this idea that you could build a starkiller base like structure inside a Gas Giant , making some kinda fake methane hurricane like the great red spot on jupiter the hole for the lazer to go through.

It would be completly masked as a Gas Giant and the entire structure would be built around the Gas Giants core.
I GOT IT

The Death Star could be rebuilt like a huge moon orbiting another planet , It would be just as powerfull as starkiller base and utilize a new energy source that did not require draining suns.

Like Starkiller Base it would be disguised as a planetoid but more convincing , like disguise the superlazer part as a crater sea.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

You could also make the Death Star a large starkiller base like space station built inside a Gas Giant a methane storm on the Gas Giant similar to Jupiters great red spot could serve as the exit for the lazer.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

And lastly The Death Star could be a huge dyson sphere like construct , it would appear as a coruscant like ecumnopolis and be covered in powerfull deffenses with multiple exhuast ports that are well protected.

It would be just as powerfull if not more powerfull than the Starkiller Base depending on what star it was built around.

It could also have an Imperial Palace on it for Emperor Palpatine.



It could be like a big cube that floats through space and they take people to be one of them if they catch you.
Pop up walls in the trench approach to the exhaust port. 
Alot of bars and a hockey team
Mount the super lasers on the star destroyers
I would just make it like the darksaber where it's just an engine plus the weapon itself plus the bridge. Yeah it's not as big and scary but it will still get the job done and we'll be able to be built faster.

And so people don't get confused there is the darksaber lightsaber which was introduced by mandalorians in the Clone Wars. And the darksaber weapon which was a Legends creation where the Hutt's tried to build their own DS using the creator of the original one and giving it that name to mock the Jedi
Rather than one large exhaust port, I'd have millions of like, 1 inch wide ports all over the station. 
OP I think you picked the wrong place to talk about how little you like *Star Wars* lore.
So you're saying you hate 90% of Star Wars!? Then all hope is lost...
I'd pretty much rewrite the Jedi as a whole
I'd expand the time the Empire was in control to 50+ years and have Anakin become Vader much more slowly - having him turn into a cyborg gradually,  over many years. We would see him emotionally and physically give up his humanity in the name of control and power. 

I'd have Padme and Anakin meet and fall in love when they're both in their 30s and Anakin is already fallen to the dark side. 

In ANH I'd make Obi Wan much less of a wise old man and more a PTSD suffering vet. And I'd focus much more on how risky training Luke is and how much of a desperate act it would be to send an untested teenager on a suicide mission. 
Luke's twin sister should have been a new character. Not Leia. 
Can we extend to this real world lore about Star Wars? I'd like to rewrite the OT hipsters out of existence. Or anyone who hates to be cool for that matter.

*Edit* Since we apparently have some struggling with understanding proper sentence structure...

"Anyone" is the noun in this sentence. Which would mean "hates" is a verb. Similar to saying "anyone who smokes to be cool".
The rule of two
IMO:

I was pretty disappointed with the Mandalorians in The Clone Wars Series. 

Up until the TCW, the Mando's were the most badass, feared, mythical warriors in my book. The tales of their ferocity rivals the Sith order in some cases. What TCW did was introduce a weird, overdone, watered down mandalorian group that seemed way to cartoonish for their history. I laughed and snorted at the whole "Death Watch" name - It seem childish!

Generally, I've always been in favor of the cannon changes. Legends seemed a bit muddled (growing up I never really knew what the official story was). But damn, everyone agreed the Mandalorians were near extinct, and weren't embroiled in some domestic terrorism plotline. I feel like TCW Mando's didn't portray the Mandalorians like I expected them to.

Ah, well. If that's the worst part for me then we're doing pretty good. 
Leia is no longer a Skywalker. No second or third Death Stars. No midichlorians, Anakin has a dad, and Maul is the villain for all 3 prequels.
Making the lightsaber crystals back to how they should be. They should come in different colors and red should be synthetic 
First things first, fuck midichlorians.
Probably a WWI flying ace joke.
I saw the snoopy first, then saw the Schultz signature and then figured there has to be a 1975 inside joke!
It's on the collar, "Snoopy"
Better question: why is laser misspelled?
Sometime in the late 70's Snoopy started imagining himself as Vader piloting a Tie Fighter instead of being a World War I flying ace.  This is a scene of what he saw in his head.


One of my favorite Star Wars characters. Looks awesome, do you have any more shots taken other angles?
My man
Would anyone else prefer a jamgo fett movie instead of w boba fett movie?
He is no friend if he does not take them.
These are awesome. I like how the Darth Vader description depicts him as the henchman of Tarkin. Definitely some neat stuff!
Fucking hell.  These are incredible.  A real treasure.
This comic has had a pretty consistent "edgy try-hard" tone. I don't think it fits. It feels more like a modern AAA video game.
His confrontation with Boba was so cool.

Haven't read up to the second pic... what issue is that from? 
A stormtrooper can dodge a lightsaber then knock out a jedi but can't shoot a blaster.
I just interpreted these situations as Luke trying to bend the force to his will, which is not the way it works. It puts into perspective the times in empire when he had to learn to feel the force and center himself before being able to manipulate physical objects.

There is a moment in the latest issue where he just lashes out in anger and bends the force to his will which is the path to the dark side.

We are literally seeing yoda's lessons in practice.
Even with it's flaws, Marvel's new Star  Wars books are pretty damn fun to read. The Kanan series is worth checking out as well. 
This is one thing that kind of gets on my nerves a bit. They need to show Luke have some preogression throughout these stories in terms of power. He struggles a lot in Heir to the Jedi as well and Weapon of a Jedi. Struggle is good, but when you've been struggling for awhile across multiple stories, it kind of gets irritating. He does obviously get better by the time of Return of the Jedi, and it shows even more in the post comic Shattered Empire, but it's a massive power jump. I want to see his power slowly creep across these stories and have it line up with Shattered Empire rather than him just doing bad or slightly above average all the time. He is the son of the chosen one after all.
Luke your grandpa can't bail you out all the time.

Hopefully we'll see Luke getting a bit better at sensing, or at least not getting distracted
I somehow feel like Marvel haven't been doing a good job for this book, and the Vader one. It doesn't feel like Star Wars to me, feels more like fan fiction, like when Luke was captured by the Hutt in Nar Shaddaa, there's a moment where Han, Chewie, and Leia all held a lightsaber it feels so out of place. And the rebels having a bombastic encounter with Vader before ESB. And the designs.... What's with those Chitauri mothership in the Vader book..

Maybe it's just me, because I kinda see the movie and the comics as one continuation of story and the comics isn't doing the movie any favor by telling those stories. Kinda like what the prequel did....
The EU making boba fett not be a jobber is the biggest lol ever
I'm in the same boat. I just can't get into it *consistently*. 2.5 seasons in and I feel absolutely nothing for our rebel protagonists. I just can't make a connection with them. I'll enjoy an episode here and there, but I feel like I slog through the rest.

As time goes on I find that I just watch it to keep track with whats going on in canon and occasionally seeing some cool scenes, not because I enjoy it on a large scale.
Season one is passable but not great, similar to season one of the Clone Wars in all honesty. 

Season two is a huge improvement, with more interesting storylines, and the characters start to really come into their own, furthermore the Season two finale is my single favourite episode between both Clone Wars and Rebels.


Season 3 has been kind of inconsistent. Thrawn's an interesting villain even if he hasn't done much of anything, and the first two episodes plus episode six have been great, but beyond that it's been kind of a slow season. Mind you it's only about seven episodes in so it's a bit early to judge.


Overall, I like it, and think it's worth watching, although be aware that it's not quite as good as Clone Wars. 
It's decent, great at times.  
Clone Wars is better, but it's at least something.  
If you enjoyed Clone Wars, you'll probably enjoy Rebels.  
  
Edit:  
And yeah, Season 2 of Rebels is a bit more intense than Season 1.
Compared to season 2 and 3 of TCW, id say its decent at this time. Even with the lackluster episode last week and I predict today. 
I also don't think we are going to get any truly great episodes until after Rogue One is out. 

The season 2 finale was definitively more exciting than the TCW counterpart. My main gripe with Rebels criticism, is that they usually go off TCW later seasons. Comparing season 5 and 6 of TCW when we are not even half way done with season 3 is kinda unfair. 

Edit: Grammar. 

This whole thread is hilarious to me. I want to check out Rebels when I'm done with TCW, but this show feels like punishment. It's so tonally schizophrenic, wherein people are being executed in the streets one second and a character shrugs their shoulders and blows raspberries the next. I can't imagine Rebels being much better if people are saying it's terrible in comparison.
For someone who loves TCW , it's a decent show , but it's restrained by budget and some episodes may seem rushed as there are no so called "arcs" consisting out of 3 or 4 episodes to flesh out the various plots more smoothly. There may be more cartoonish and childish moments in here , but it's nothing devastating.
The two-part opening to Season 2 of Rebels "Siege of Lothal" is top notch stuff, and probably the best the series has to offer up to now. If you watch nothing else, this is worth your time. 

Overall, Season 1 was good with spots of greatness. Season 2 was consistently great. 

Season 3 has struggled to meet the benchmarks of Season 2 so far. There have been some questionable filler episodes being the biggest culprit. There's still a bunch of episodes left, so final judgment on the season should probably wait. 



I enjoy it a lot, and I am also a big fan of TCW. The story is more focused on a rebel cell learning how to choose to win against the Empire. There are a lot of character building moments in the show. The second and third season tends to shift directions a lot quicker than the first. The first is also only a partial season (13-15 episodes). If you want to know the full season it is in junior novels and comics here:

http://www.unmistakablystarwars.com/the-other-side-of-rebels-season-one/

All in all, Rebels is not what we expected Lucasfilm to release, but has so much wonderful Star Wars!
I'd say Rebels got off to a much stronger start than TCW (the momentum from that show helped carry Rebels initially). At this point, I'd say they're essentially of equivalent quality with each having good and bad points. My judgement is based mostly on the quality of the best episodes. I don't think it's fair to factor in the more filler kid episodes (which are to be expected) when judging. 
As someone who grew up with OT and hates the prequels, I was never able to get into Clone Wars. But, with Rebels I've found it quite fun. It feels like Star Wars to me. Rebels is certainly written for kids, but it's been enjoyable. The 2nd season finale was really quite good and the show has surprised me many times. 
Love it compared to clone wars
The two shows are quite different and whilst I feel that Rebels has not yet reached the heights CW did consistently it has the potential to surpass it in the long run. Thus far on a season to season basis it has been better with season 1 of Rebels being better than season 1 of CW ect. Like CW it has got better on season to season basis.

As you likely know the main difference between the two is the fact that Rebels focuses on one group of characters, which is a benefit in terms of character development but a draw back in that you don't fear for them dying the way you did with many characters in CW.

But yeah the show has improved since season 1 and depending on what you want out of it, it may be more suited to you now as a CW fan. Especially with [](/s "the additions of Maul, Rex and Ahsoka.")
The [mid-season 2 trailer] (http://youtu.be/LJyxPDEvo9U) is what got me into rebels. But beware it's a little spoilery.
Rebels is a poor man's Clone Wars. Still a good show and worth watching, but inferior in every single way.
Like you most people you remember Clone Wars as a whole, Clone Wars was quite bad during the first two seasons, the first two season of Rebels are better than the first two seasons of Clone Wars. The finale of season 2 of Rebels is amazing and already surpasses Clone Wars during season 2. Now on it's third season Rebels is great and i think overall it might be just as good and probably better than Clone Wars, in fact i personally think that Rebels has surpassed Clone Wars already. I consider it a must watch for every Star Wars fan.
Rebels is basically TCW on steroids. The first season starts off a little bit better than early TCW, but definitely isn't perfect. However, by the end of season 1 it ramps up to Citadel level quality, and by the end of season 2 is solidly better than even the best of TCW (though it is in large part because it stands on the shoulders of giants, Rebels really is TCW part 2).
So much better than the TCW
Pffft.
"AIM A LITTLE HIGHER" - Your wife, probably. 
Have fun sticking your hand down there.
Anyone has a better idea of where to stick this besides the toilet?
Wouldn't it come off when you scrub your toilet?
I can just imaged someone who is really stoned at 2am and goes into the bathroom, with only a nightlight to illuminate the room, lifts up the toliet seat cover and OOOOOHHH GOD! 
r/diWHY 
My toilet already looks like a sarlacc pit...
I mean this is cool, sure, but it either comes off in the water or gets poopy after a few uses, right?
"I thought they smelled bad on the outside"...erm, no wait.
Gross
Is.... is this real? If so, where can I buy it? 
Bits of poop will get stuck to the corners of the stickers and itll look really disgusting. 
It looks like a great motivator for a child to start throwing all their action figures into the toilet.
I'm old fashioned and think that you should just put piss and shit and occasional cleaning materials into a toilet.

Who's with me?
Met the creator at comic con a few years ago, good dude
r/CrappyDesign 
I felt a great disturbance in the force...as if millions of penises suddenly cried out in terror and suddenly turtled.
Sarlac eats pieces of shit for breakfast. 
I don't know how I feel taking about taking a dump on Boba everyday.
Uhm... No thanks, I don't want tentacles up my bumhole. I prefer them up someone elses bumhole.
I'm glad to see that it doesn't have that stupid plant beak thing from the Special Editions.
Are those decals? Seems like they'd just come off when you flush or clean the toilet
I'd love to meet the person who'd do this kind of thing. Looks cool, but that's it. I'd hate to clean those shit stickers.
Ayy lmao
I got to drop a boba real quick
The creator of this (and the bathtub JAWS decal set) is a former student of mine! Super talented and creative guy.
As long as it's not the special edition sarlacc.  Seriously, could you imagine the shock as a giant worm reached out of the toilet and pinched your butt?
Ayy lmao
Ordering myself this as a Christmas present.
I will trow my boba feets in tere
"One day I found this big log, I rolled over the log and found a stick. I was like, this log had a child."
That was actually so well done.  When he said: "Put me down" when he was on Luke's back I just died
These bad lip reading Star Wars song are way better and catchier then they have any right to be. This is another great one, Bushes of Love, where obi won explains to luke what happened to his father in song. By the same guys 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RySHDUU2juM
Rockin , rockin and rollin. Down to the beach I'm strolling . But the seagulls poke at my head NoT FUN I said seagulls mhhh stop it now
I love everything this guy does; they're all so good. His Star Wars, Game of Thrones, and The Walking Dead ones are my favorites. 
I'm so happy they made this longer.
Don't fall asleep...
I'm so glad it's finally here! My brother and I memorized the other two (Bushes of Love and It's not The Future) and we have been waiting for the Yoda song since! Love this one too, can't wait to annoy the rest of the family with it... we're a little pitchy ;)
that may be one of the best thumbnails from a star wars movie I have ever seen.
This was my favorite piece of the empire lip reading. I've been waiting too long for this.

Also, "That log had a child!"
I.. uhhh.... just... wow...
I friggin love these guys, or guy. I play all of these for my son and I. I had Bushes of Love jammed in my head for a few days. I still love listening to it. 
I love these videos, just wish they weren't all songs now. 
BLR is a genius.
Came to this subreddit to post this  ;-D

So good!
there's an edited version on youtube with just Yoda's part on loop, i must have watched an sung along over a 1000 time (thats probably a gross underestimation )

#edit - a word
Not the best
Where is this?
Outside De Beers, down by the food court.
I thought it there was going to be a trooper smacking his head on the ship.
If these are all Hot Toys figures...you could buy a very nice car with the same cost as this diorama.
Why did you post this
Awful title but otherwise that's pretty dope.
Nice butt
Looks like the Sarlac wasn't the only crack that was hungry, amIrite?
Ive always thought it was weird that his popular outfit is the RoTJ armor with the ESB helmet instead of being the full costume from either movie. 
Hnnng that's sexy
Well done! 
1) They shoot plasma, not lasers.

2) They actually have great aim. The heroes just benefit from Plot armor.
If memory serves, they fire plasma. Not lasers. 
They actually do pretty good.   Watch the initial attack on Tantive 1 and the snow battle on Hoth. 

It is just when our main characters are on screen that they seem unable to aim.   Perhaps they are just Star Struck.   😜
I thought they had shitty aim on the death star because they were purposely letting them escape because they put a tracking device on the millennium falcon.
Lightsabers definetly have mass. 

They can't be made of light, because light cannot interract with light, so duels would be immpossible.

Secondly, they actually leave a shadow in one of the episodes of the fully canon TV show The Clone Wars.
Blasters are not actually lasers. They're an exotic energy weapon - usually considered to be plasma - that just happen to be called lasers because "laser" is a generic term for all energy weapons in the Star Wars universe.
Rebels usually look happiest when they're [flying around, wreaking havoc. ](https://imgur.com/gallery/yQ2sa) 
I feel like someone at Lucasfilm just can't hold back good footage. The whole part after the AT-AT was struck was unnecessary and ruined the surprise. Please stop spoiling things in trailers!
Fuck me, that space battle is gonna look so fucking awesome. The shots from TFA are nothing compared to what they showed us so far of this space battle.  
Whew, that X-wing space battle...
I feel like the voice of the whole franchise had cried out in terror and was suddenly silenced.

Is John Williams involved in this at all?
Did he get the tat? 
She lives in a broken-down AT-AT. There's probably a toilet somewhere in there.
Sounds like you need a refresher course.
Go to bed, your tired and high. It won't matter in the morning when your well rested and sober. 
If they can find a way to shit on tatooine, I'm sure they can do the same on Jakku. 
Jakku has technology, it's just not extravagant. I like to imagine there's some type of latrine somewhere hooked into the ground that just rockets all of the waste deep down into the sand. 
Yes.
Probably digs holes
We probably should try to remember what we did here before we finally developed the electric and nuclear-powered toilets we have now.
Yeah sure.  I know people who don't even know who those characters are at all.  There's no reason for it.
Buzzfeed did a video on people who didn't know anything about Star Wars. There were quite a few who didn't know anything. My favorite was thinking Obi Wan Kenobi was a droid.
Whaaaaaaat?!
I've known a small handful of people who knew the line, but not to whom it referred. It's mind boggling to think about someone never having seen even parts of these movies, but as I grow older, I keep meeting more people that haven't.
I did, actually! My little cousin. The only Star Wars he knows is Rebels,  and only one of the movies. He has a small collection of Rebels toys, including a Vader one. I asked him if he knew who Vader was, and while he did know Vader was Anakin Skywalker, he didn't know he was Luke's father. He hasn't seen the Star Wars movies  (Except for TFA, which he loved!) and has been pretty much free from PT/OT spoilers since he was born. I look forward to seeing his reaction to the big reveal once he sees the Original Trilogy  (Which, according to his parents, won't be until a few days before Rogue One comes out).
No. You'd have to be completely cut off from pop culture your entire life. I am not friends with any Mennonite or Amish.
I'm not an adult, but the only way I assume people would not know is just because in the Star Wars universe, it's pretty much considering basic/common knowledge, and most people don't need to openly mention it when talking to other fans.
One of my friend's didn't until he watched it. He was around 20 when he saw it. 
One of my friends had no clue who Vader and Luke even were.  I made her watch ANH with the intent of getting her to watch the whole OT with me.  She thought ANH was boring and that Luke was too much of a Mary Sue and refused to watch Empire.  *Sigh*

She didn't know because she's Chinese and Star Wars isn't a huge part of their pop culture.  Her only exposure to it has been the toys that her coworkers keep on their desks.  
I love the fact that Palpatine is *literally destroying democracy* in this scene.
> Do it.
Duel of the Fates, the clone army, "You were my brother Anakin!", Darth Vader in armor for the first time. These and many of other moments were great, but I'll always remember Sidious and Yoda starting to fight, then the platform starts moving and... OMFG IT'S THE SENATE!  
Of all the things wrong with the prequels, art direction sure as hell isn't one of them. 
I gotta say, one thing I really liked about the prequels was Yoda's lightsaber skills. I'm not joking, I honestly really liked it. Hear me out, Yoda was the most powerful/greatest Jedi we've seen, and definitely is up there in the EU as one of the greatest ever. It is made clear that a lightsaber is the weapon of a Jedi, even in the original trilogy, the only non-Jedi to use a lightsaber was Han, but it wad for about 5 seconds to cut open a Taun Taun, and you could tell he wasn't great with it. The way he held it, his hesitation at swinging it, this is obviously not just s weapon for anyone. True, Han prefers a blaster, but no non-Jedi is ever seen owning one in all three movies. In the prequels, especially Episode II, it's made clear that every Jedi has a lightsaber, and it is an inseperable part of them. Well, in theory it's inseperable, but Anakin lost two lightsabers, then one as Darth Vader in Episode VI, but I digress. Lightsabers are a tool of the Jedi, and with that in mind, it makes sense that the greatest Jedi ever would be AMAZING with a lightsaber. Yoda is constantly moving, striking and blocking with incredible speed, never giving his opponent a chance to take a breath. It just makes sense to me that he would have one. He's too old in the original trilogy to take on Vader and Sidious on his own, but in the prequels he's still got enough fight in him to take on Dooku and later Sidious one last time. I understand why people don't like it, and I respect their arguments, I just wanted to say why I personally liked it.
If I'm not mistaken Steven Spielberg directed that scene. I know he helped Lucas direct a few scenes in sith. 
If there was one thing lacking from Force Awakens, I thought it was moments like this. I know there will be those that disagree, but for all thier flaws, the prequels felt more like they were 'in' the Star Wars universe. The Force Awakens felt smaller somehow. 
I love the prequels 
RoS is my favorite of the Prequel trilogy, and this fight is one of my favorites in the series. 
The Senate room is one of my favorite places in Star Wars. It just looks so awesome
It's a powerful shot. A culmination of many years deceiving the Jedi Counsel and orchestrating an insanely complex plot to rule the galaxy finally coming to fruition...
The PT had indeed some amazing shots!
Well, the prequels had a lot of good shots.
It is an impressive scene.  The only thing I didn't like was how Darth Sidious looked so obviously CGIed. Then they would randomly cut back and forth to Ian McDiarmid making a ridiculous face, then back to CGI Darth Sidious.

Don't get me wrong; I don't have a problem with CGI, but it seemed like Darth Sidious was done with less quality than the rest of the CGI in the prequels. 
I ever knew his office was right under that room..plot twist
They did have their moments
Oh those prequels were terrible.... but i liked them and still watch them sometimes.  I like the universe expansion.
This scene is the ultimate clash of Light and Dark. The Grand Master of the Jedi against the Dark Lord of the Sith. Winner take all. 
Why did it have to be yoda :(
eh
I question the wisdom of smuggling out the death star plans as clothing graphics...but, then again, it apparently worked.


I'm actually really surprised there's no individual posters of Vader. Obviously they're keeping an air of mystery around him, but I thought he'd be a huge marketing push to be honest.
Interesting how the only character looking straight into camera is the blind guy.   He can see things beyond his own world. 
Shhhit. Saw looks awesome 
...wait.

Is Chirrut's staff a bowcaster?!
Do you know the source?
Now we went this without the letters!
[removed]
Now this is podracing.
It's funny how many of these posters there are now - all the exact same concept (collage of floating characters/heads), getting slightly better each time, but still not particularly great.

"Alright, I've totally got it this time. This is the one.. this is definitely the one.."
The second one is beautiful, like the main poster used in cinemas with Jyn's face being way bigger than the rest.  

With the others it's like they don't know how much space to give to the characters.
[That first one, the way everything is meshed together...](http://i.imgur.com/QONVIyz.gif)
Please tell me this is being shown in IMAX and not IMAX 3D. Standard IMAX is beautiful but seeing things in 3D I don't like so much. 
High res?
All three of those are better than what they've used up to now.  
Wallpaper. 
The first is definitely my favourite, I think it looks fantastic. Would love to have it on my wall.
What's that creature on the second poster? Looks like an Ewok had a baby with a gremlin
These are the best ones by far IMO. Maybe it's just because I love this double exposure style, but they've had a few iffy posters so far, these should've been the ones everywhere.
Second and third are my favourites, wish the posters were done by drew struzan though
How do i get one of these?
Bodhi looks stupid with that pose on the second poster. A standing one would have been better.
can someone shop the imax portion out of these three pictures?
I hate that these are exclusive to AMC IMAX theatres
Chirrut with his sick dab in that 3rd poster. 
Get Kylo's saber out of there!
"Han*s* Solo" under the image
Why do they make it white and orange?
That's fantastic.
So cool! I want the force awakens vinyl with the hologram Tie Fighters 
Why the heck wouldn't you make an album with all 4 photos instead of describing them with text???
I love oldschool Star Wars Art.
How's the sound quality? I'm kinda hesistant to buying these because picture discs tend to sound worse than standard records.
I want all of this.
I would love to have my own set!
I have them too! My favourite is of course the Death Star.
He's using the encounters to learn the psychology of the Rebel mindset.
No, everyone either agrees or is in wait and see mode, this has been discussed a million times.
He will have some victory, he's intentionally let them go so we haven't even seen him try. His primary goal seems to be weeding out shitty imperials first
Yeah what you're missing is the rest of the season. The payoff is coming.
I agree, there better be some huge payoff at the end of this where he just absolutely destroys them after learning about them. If not, they'll have wastes him this season.
thrawn saved the galaxy from an invading species from unknown. very smart dude.
You still own a house phone? Are these things really still a thing?
Search your Phonebook you know it to be true,
Pray i don't alter your number further,
Do not underestimate the power of my answering machine,
No, I am your Landline,
You are a part of the rebel alliance and a telephone.

Sorry to hear about the divorce.

Obligatory /s 
You marry that woman a second time dammit!
I hope she doesn't hit you on the head with the receiver, because that's totally what would have happened to me if I tried this! Awesome phone though! The Dark Side Approves!
"Call for papa Palpatine" 
I really hope this isn't cut from the final film. 
A sassy droid.  This movie is going to be AWESOME!
I love the.. what the hell am I doing with this?

Shouldn't it just be a single image with a Disney logo at the bottom?

Mads Mikkelsen is basically a Disney princess now. 
Love the cross-marketing Disney is using here, almost kinda meta. Both pages are administered by same Company.
Yo he Mads tho
Too bad that's a picture of Mikkelsen from Star Wars Celebration
Let's hope he's not wasted in this
I love that he's getting more and more work him and Mendelson are phenomenal actors.
That...is the coolest fuckin thing. 
/r/marvelstudios
Doesn't his brother play Thrawn?
Just to be clear for all you non-Danish speakers: When pronouncing Mikkelsen's first name, the "d" is silent. Marvel's wordplay doesn't really make sense if you say it out loud.
[This is the next scene.](http://i.imgur.com/yEzqCII.jpg)
This meal is getting worse all the time.
Lando: "What has two thumbs and just betrayed his best friend?"

*points thumbs at self*

"This guy!! ....too soon?"
There was a second cameraman....

http://i.imgur.com/ukzkjcM.jpg
Vader:  So, uh Han is it?  Are you having fun with my daughter?  

Boba Fett:  kek

Vader:  Boba, pls
can any ultra nerds identify the food on the table?
I always wondered why they bothered to cook food and set the table. It's not like they got them to sit down for dinner before the reveal. They were arrested as soon as the door opened. 
Most awkward dinner party ever.
Can we get a spin off movie that is just this dinner in real time?
[One of my motivational wallpapers.](http://i.imgur.com/LmSId.jpg)
Or as my kid calls it, "my Star Wars anniversary."

She first saw A New Hope last Thanksgiving.
Vader loves chicken nuggets
As long as they have blue milk, I'm in. 
Ok, am I wrong in thinking for my entire life that that room is weirdly small for a formal dining hall? It always seemed like it should have been bigger, even from the other angles.
Who brought the powerade bottle?
This was my holiday card one year.   Got it signed by Lando!!

https://imgur.com/a/5Qm91

BDW was flattered his was the only face not photoshopped out.
What a waste. Vader can't even eat.
Pass the blue milk. 
Damn.  I serve the same meal for Life Day.
Vader: "You can do so much better, sweetheart. He's a scoundrel for god's sake!"

Leia: "But Dad, I love him!

Chewie: "Rrrrrrr-ghghghghgh!"

Vader: "What did he say?"

Leia: "He wants you to pass the stuffing."

Vader: "Really?"

Leia: "No. He's pissed you voted for Trump."

Lando: "Can we not do politics this year, please?"

Vader: "At least I didn't vote for a criminal!"

Leia: "Actually you did. He's also an unhinged, racist xenophobe and probable rapist whose second in command wishes to see gay people suffer, but that's neither here nor there."

Han: "If it's going to be like this I'd honestly prefer to be frozen in carbonite."
*Earth day
life day
Inlaw shows up uninvited and brings out the carbonite takeaway tray
http://imgur.com/5dc28gM
So were Vader and his goons actually sitting down and enjoying a nice meal??
Space food, so cool!
Got any of that blue milk?
Ooooh I member!
What a waste of food.  I don't care what your politics are, but putting out a nice spread like that just to surprise your enemies is pretty elaborate.  It's not like Darth Vader actually thought they'd come in and sit down and have a meal with him.  Did he?  

Did Darth Vader just make them a nice dinner and Han was being rude trying to shoot him for it?
Where that blue milk tho 
We had an annual viewing of A New Hope and Empire.

Ice cream was served at the sighting of Willrow Hood (aka ice cream maker guy).
I never appreciated the time that went into the table setting before now. I'm sure the general direction was "Futuristic. Not cluttered. Still recognizable in some aspects."

Also, they probably kept knocking stuff over getting the blaster Force-pull right.
Pew! Pew!
Ill take that!
Can... I get some more water? 
Darth Vader's been swigging a hip flask
Bot! Beep beep! I'm all about top posts!

This post had 5,000 upvotes and got posted to twitter [@Reddit5000](https://twitter.com/Reddit5000) and subreddit /r/reddit5000!

The tweet: https://twitter.com/Reddit5000/status/802173815665008641

--------------------

^^All ^^7,500 ^^upvotes ^^are ^^on ^^[@Reddit7500](https://twitter.com/Reddit7500) ^^and ^^/r/reddit7500

^^And ^^most ^^importantly ^^all ^^10,000 ^^posts ^^on ^^[@Reddit10000](https://twitter.com/Reddit10000) ^^and ^^/r/reddit10000
This later became a family dinner.
Forget Thanksgiving, happy Railwaymen's Day!
I am altering the meal. Pray I don't alter it any further. 
That R2 one looks delicious. Might have to try it myself. Maybe for Christmas. 
This is both hilarious and delicious(?). You must be have been popular at the dinner! 
Stir, whip, stir, whip, whip whip, stir!
Oh fuuuuck! I had this cookbook! I never used any of the stickers that came with it because they where too special to be used. 

Wookiee cookies!!! Freaking loved the pictures in it
This cook book was my jam as a kid! I've made about every recipe.
I Used to get this from the Library! I Made Tie fighter Ties and Yoda Soda for my family one Superbowl Sunday!
I need this cookbook in my life omg. The "Jabba Jiggle" lol
Oh good, I was afraid I was the only one on the world owning that ugly ass of a Jabba actionfigure..
Oh shit, son.  I still have this cookbook.  I've only made 2 recipes from the dang thing, but it's still fun.
I would be mad, it nullifies his arc in the OT 
Luke going dark ruins everything about his character. It makes zero sense for him to do that
An interesting theory but its quite obvious they aren't heading in the direction. Plus I never came to the conclusion that Father was a previous "Chosen one" but just a manifestation of the balance of the force and his children manifestations of the dark and the light. 
I loved everything about TFA, it's one of my favourites. But Luke turning to the dark side would probably ruin the entire trilogy for me. Luke already won that war I don't want to see him fight that battle again. 
That would be interesting, but I'll be miff that they kinda wreck Luke's character. 
Well, I wouldn't rule out the possibility than both of Anakin's children could be balanced. Leia's not a Jedi, and isn't totally noble either, and Luke is living in exile outside of the Jedi Order.
> It was made obviously clear that the father on Mortis was the chosen one before Anakin.

Was it though? I'm no star wars guru but I figured all that mumbojumbo was them being apart of some ancient race, and recognizing Anakin as being important and therefore trying to help/fuck with him. I didn't really get that there was some mantle of chosen one being passed down although I guess it has been a while.

I always took that arc as being prophetic and hinting towards things we know will happen rather than bearing any significance in and of themselves.
[deleted]
Not really, it's a multiplayer game first and foremost.
The multiplayer is alright, but if you're only interested in single player, then DO NOT GET IT. What little you can do by yourself sucks (and it's barely anything).
Battlefront and single player?


**HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHHAHA**
That's the thing with Battlefront, there is no singleplayer sadly.  
In all honesty the game is a let down. They need to remaster Battlefront 2 ASAP
It's shit. Biggest star wars disapointment since midichlorians. 
It's good, kinda. It has amazing graphics and keeps you entertained for a bit, but it gets a bit boring if you play by yourself. The game is mostly focused on Multiplayer.
Sadly, it looks like he had a stroke
Reminds me of a pirate
Trooper Grit.
Add in a nice clone helmet fin and then we'll be talking. :)
It looks like he has an eye patch.
OG stormtrooper will always be best
This is great. I love the art style!
Good job with giving her and BB-8 a weathered look. Lots of small details.
Great improvement!
Reminds me of the old clone wars cartoon 
I'm truly not intending to sound edgy or anything but is it an unpopular opinion to like the Yuuzhan Vong War?
it's been explicitly stated the Yuuzhan Vong will not be added into canon.
[TCW concept art for Season 8](http://
vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/starwars/images/7/72/Yuuzhan_Vong_Clone_Wars.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20150417094444)

The Storygroup are making new content like the never finished/animated TCW episodes are canon too, and Pablo recently said that even this is kinda canon taken with a grain of salt.

I'd love for them to be mentioned in the Thrawn book.

BTW: They wouldn't have been force-immune in that story. 
While I doubt they will ever show up in the new Disney Canon, as a fan of the EU I will lose my shit laughing if they ever do appear and become canon again, especially after all the Disney Canon fans citing them specifically to bash the EU. The Yuuzhan Vong and Abeloth are two of the biggest sources of EU-hate I can recall, yet we've already had the rest of Abeloth's family with the Mortis arc (we had the Father, Son, and Daughter there, she's the Mother), and if the Vong were to show up it would be the perfect opportunity to go "they're canon now"
[Concept art for TCW Season 8](http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/starwars/images/7/72/Yuuzhan_Vong_Clone_Wars.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20150417094444)

Canon taken with a grain of salt.
Gosh I hope not
If you're looking for games The Force Unleashed(and the sequel) will provide non cannon fun. A Clone Wars era game of SW Republic Commando is also a classic and I highly suggest it.
[Timeline of canon media](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Timeline_of_canon_media)

I recommend just going through that in order.
I recommend getting in through the comics. Quick and easy to consume, and very entertaining.
If you're interested in reading more of the novels, I found Rogue One: Catalyst to be as fairly enjoyable read that provides some great background for the movie. I also have fond memories of Lost Stars from an entirely new characters standpoint. It's not a great novel but the characters are interesting enough and the plot moves fairly quickly.

In terms of really enjoyable comic series, I really appreciated the story arc told over the Obi-Wan & Anakin comics. The artwork is incredible in those too. As someone who also had never really consumed comics before trying to dedicate myself to going through all cannon media I found the best way to approach it was to read the page in full and then just take a moment to appreciate the drawings on the page before moving onto the next one.
If you liked the first KOTOR, you'll definitely like KOTOR 2.  
I for one thought KOTOR 2 was much better than the first, both in terms of gameplay and storytelling. It's a lot more complex.  
  
You could also start reading the new comics, I just started with the Vader ones and it's fantastic!    
[Here's a good canon guide with all the new media.](http://i.imgur.com/QQb1CFl.png)
KOTOR II is a beautiful game, even better than KOTOR I, but sadly, yes, it was released unfinished.

But fear not! Fans finished the game after it was released, and the Sith Lords Restored Content Mod now comes pre-installed on KOTOR II's Steam release! So you can now play KOTOR II the way it was meant to be played.

(if you already own it, though, you may want to double-check that TSLRCM is in fact installed)
I would play KOTOR2 even if you can't download the mod to unlock the extra content, the characters are pretty interesting.  There are also a lot of other Star Wars games on Steam or GOG; I personally loved TIE Fighter and Rebellion the most.

If you want to dip into the EU, start with either Heir to the Empire or the X-Wing series, in my opinion.  They aren't too wacky like some other EU things, and will help give you a jumping off point.  The Wraith Squadron trilogy in particular is absolutely great.

The best new Canon comic for me was Lando, and it's a short run of only 5 issues.  I thought it was extremely excellent and added a lot to my next viewing of ESB.

For new Canon books, I'd suggest reading Tarkin or Bloodlines.  None of the others really impressed me, but I'm holding out hope for future ones.
Try the clone wars series from 2003.
That took way longer than it should have to announce this.
At 12:01 AM (EST) according to IMAX.

https://twitter.com/IMAX/status/802014823756296192
# This is it boys lock wallets in attack position!
THANK THE MAKER!
So Sunday 9:01pm PST? Works for me.
WHAT TIME
I HAVE CLASS MONDAY
8am Monday for AU/NZ - https://twitter.com/StarWarsAUNZ/status/802013972966707200

It's finally happening :'D
"Monday 28th" USA time I assume?
Booked this morning for a screening @ 00:01 on the 15th. Sometimes it's good to be British.
Hopefully the tickets will be on sale earlier than 12:01 am

last year TFA tickets went on sale at 8 or 9pm... and they were on sale earlier than that in theaters

I strongly advocate going to *buy them in person.* No Web-Traffic and there's also the possibility the theater will sell them earlier
Per my chat with Cineplex.com at 9:30 am Nov-25th

EACH THEATER WILL DETERMINE THEIR OWN TIME OF SALE FOR MONDAY NOV-28TH

THERE IS NO UNIVERSAL TIME
So weird, they've been available in Belgium since the 21st.
I ordered mine the other day in the UK.
Why is it so "long after" the ticket release in Europe? I got my tickets Monday this week. And if I recal correctly I think it opens 2 days earlier over here too. 
Anyone know why this is?
Where will you be when the server crashes happen?
Fellow Canadians, Cineplex said 12:01 am in this facebook comment: https://www.facebook.com/Cineplex/photos/a.59278449989.20092.11751844989/10150725013304990/?type=3&comment_id=10150725020939990&reply_comment_id=10150725759849990&comment_tracking=%7B%22tn%22%3A%22R9%22%7D
HOLY SHIT THANK GOD
Just got the notification on this. Good to know
YES
Finally! SO excited for this
FINALLY. 
You can already buy tickets for Odeon Cinemas in the UK if anyone's in that slice of the world.
Thank the Maker!

This movie is the only reason I have the Cinemark (theater chain) app on my phone. They're listing Thursday 12/15 showings in my area.
So. Sunday night, essentially?
Canadian 12:01am est as well!
Great, so I'll have to do this online so the site can crash and I miss getting tickets like last year. 
That's what I'm looking for. Fucking thank you.
Alamo Drafthouse 7pm on Thursday.
Udvar-Hazy Smithsonian IMAX on Friday.

I think that's how this'll go.  Then my kids will want to go at some point. And my brother over Christmas.  This is going to be expensive again like Episode VII.  
I'm scared now, what the fuck have I booked for already then?
I'm guessing this is in America or something? Scotland got the tickets nearly a week ago.
YAAAH BOOOII ITS COMING TO MY LOCAL IMAX 
I tried posting this but looks like I got beat ;) glad they finally announced this. Could have done it at the end of the ABC special though.
I'm wondering if that's at midnight or at a particular time on Monday. 
wow! I have my tickets since monday. I guess my theater sold the tickets before the expected date?
Anyone know if they'll be doing showings on the 15th like they did with TFA? We saw it at 7pm EST on the Thursday it came out. I assume no, but figured I'd ask. 
Has anyone heard if they're going to be doing Thursday screenings at 7pm like they did for TFA?
What's up with the lack of imax 2d screenings ? That kind of sucks. In neither one of the states I'll be in for December. :-/
Finally! Get hype! 
As someone who doesn't go to the movies at all but is super excited about this movie, where do I buy movie tickets online?

I've never done it but I'll do anything to give Disney money ^/s

I love Star Wars ;p (AND IP MAN)
Really? Here in Spain we already have them
I don't think Fandango and all the rest will crash this time. TFA had a bigger debut but we'll see. Almost tempted to go buy them in person but I have a funny feeling it won't be available right at midnight. 
If we got to regal and watch it in the RPX theater do we get the limited edition ticket?

But I've already got mine? I'm in the UK, does that make a difference?
A lot of these are from the comic Valerian and Laureline, which was (technically) made into the film The Fifth Element, and is actually getting its own proper film next year.
Its well done, but its just Liam Neeson at that point.
r/StarWarsTattoo

That is some quality ink, your friend is very talented
I loved Rob Roy too.



Just kidding. Well done
Very Funny
Why don't you have the blurays or DVDs?
Don't mock Jedi Master Fet'chda Stikk
Judge me by my size, do you?
May the paws be with you
[I tried my best](http://i.imgur.com/OEYAh2O.png)
One does not learn the ways of the Force in one day; it requires long hours of meditation, lightsaber training, and most importantly, SQUIRREL!!!
No pupper. No pupper. You're the pupper!
Is that a shiba inu?!
Obi-Bone Kenobi master jedi k-9ight
These are not the bones you're looking for
Obligatory Snoke joke. (hah, that rhymes)  
Cute Jedi though.
What's a pupper
The force is strong with this one
Doggo wan kenobi
Episode XXXIIV "The Woof Awakens"    (Generally at two am)

"Use the Force Air Bud, use the Force!"

Episode XXII "The Fetch Strikes Back"   - "Let go of the frisbee you must, if complete your training you will.... good boy you are."
^Come ^to ^the ^bark ^side ^of ^the ^force   
Luminous beings are we! Not this cute pupper!
Doggo does the force 
You missed a golden opportunity to say Jedi Pupper-wan
Han captured, Chewie, Lando, Leia, and -3PO dead and dismembered. Vader wouldn't have been distracted by Luke when Lando freed Leia and Chewie.
I always thought that if Luke stayed and completed his training that when he finally confronts Vader he would be able to bring him back to the light without also getting him killed.
Leia would be taken with Vader. Chewie and Lando would go off to rescue Han and probably fail. Later, badass Luke Skywalker saves everyone with two good hands. The end. 
A fully trained Luke would be able to beat Vader when they finally met face to face. But would Vader discover Leia's Force sensitivity if he had prolonged contact with her as his prisoner? If he did then the other Skywalker would enter the equation and the whole game would change. 
All his friends are dead, except maybe Han, who is held captive by Jabba. He may not defeat Vader since Vader fought with no conviction after Luke began to chip away at his darkness. Attachment is what saved Vader and his friends. Attachment is what Yoda preached against. I don't know that good would have prevailed if Like had left his friends to die and stayed with Yoda. In fact, I'd say he likely would have turned to the darkside. His battle with Vader would have been revenge fueled and the Emperor is still there to play with his mind.
By that logic, Shaak Ti was killed by General Grievous above Coruscant, only to later be killed in the Jedi temple by Anakin. The whole point of deleted scenes is that they're deleted. They don't count. They're not canon.

That being said, I don't particularly care if Biggs is in Rogue One or not. I just think that deleted content is a bad basis for an argument.
[The guy with the dark moustache in this picture](https://s19.postimg.org/ag7mmhxb5/Screen_Shot_2016_11_26_at_1_17_26_AM.png) ([source](https://youtu.be/e00ebeJt0dQ?t=1m8s)) sure looks a lot like [Biggs](https://s19.postimg.org/n6buzl59d/image_606ff7f7.jpg) (same helmet).
1) The deleted scene isn't canon. 
2) The fact that Red Leader takes Biggs' word that Luke is worth flying one of their very rare, very expensive fighters, over someone else who was undoubtedly a known quantity is... odd. It means Biggs has earned a lot of trust. You don't do that in a couple of weeks.
Yeah, while the timeline of the deleted scene with Biggs on Tattooine with Luke means that he probably only joined the Rebellion 5 minutes before Luke did (I mean, really - all of Star Wars takes place over the course of a weekend), and the very nature of deleted scenes means that filmmakers can ire-introduce Biggs into the new canon any way they like, that old deleted scene was so nice I'd hate to have it be superseded by a random Biggs cameo in Rogue One just for the sake of a quick "'MEMBER DIS?" nostalgia hit.
I made this point elsewhere and was shot down on the basis that the deleted scenes aren't canon.  But I agree with you.
I spent hours decorating my house, have 10 reindeer in the lawn, and my fist thought was, "kind of soon after Thanksgiving for Christmas decorations."

But that looks amazing. All I have for ornaments are R2D2 and Jar Jar.
Wow thats sick
We don't have a ton of ornaments, so we also tend to just put our nerd toys in the Christmas tree and call it a day.

Good job!  Have an upvote! 
Here hope that this helps you 

https://www.reddit.com/r/starwarscanon/wiki/index/recommended_reading


Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at ur side kid.
It's turned into the star wars literature version of "breaking bad" if you get what I mean, but read the Aftermath books by Chuck Wendig. The third one doesn't come out until February so you have two good reads until then.
Are you looking for specific stories? Or do you want to go in chronological order with canon stories?
How do you guys think these compare to Ultra Sabers? Can anyone make a comparison video? I'm not sure which to get.
They're honestly not bad at all at night time.   My daughter was Rey for Halloween and I bought her one of the blue StarWars BladeBuilder sets.   Hers looked OK at night, but no where near as good compared to these ones.   We saw a bunch of kids running around with them and besides the hilt, they glowing blade was awesome at night and looked so much more like a Star Wars lightsaber.
You missed the clearly ripped off Halo Wars Spartan on the side! 
Those things are awesome, and they're super cheap so you can battle with them and not worry too much about breaking them. 
VHS, DVD or BluRay? When did you get them? What does the cover look like? All of these are important to figuring out what version you have. Based on what you described, you have a version that was released after '97. I wouldn't necessarily consider the "Han shot first" original, the holy grail version, but it is significant more difficult to obtain (and personally, I don't think it's worth it).  
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_changes_in_Star_Wars_re-releases

Check out Harry's despecialized edition if you want to see a fan restoration of the originals.
http://i.stack.imgur.com/h1tXn.jpg

If the cases look like these, they are the last "original" release. These did have the audio remastered for THX, but the video is the original cuts. 

Came out on VHS and laserdisc around 1993. 
Blu-Ray or digital download: the 2011 version.

DVD: The 2004 version.

VHS: The 1997 version.

These are official releases, mind you. You can find fan made Blu-Ray and DVD versions of the 1977/80/83 versions, and there are a couple official DVD releases that have the original versions (in shitty quality) on a second disc.
Threaten it with a gun
Reminds me of Bill Murray's song:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7-t2n_jk1QM
Masato Shimon added lyrics to Meco Merando's disco version of Star Wars Theme/Cantina Band. 
Can anyone translate? I need translation!! 
So does the English Version. [Hyperspace Hoopla](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WsrbQK9kgQg&list=PL76D5F6CA42D97C7A&index=4)
HOLY SHIT those are some old school Japanese lyrics and sound effects. Lyrics are kinda nice though and they do kinda work! Kinda... So friggin 80's.
Star Wars has always been built on archetypes. Old grey haired wizard. Beautiful princess. And so on. 

In short; I think Lucasfilm are very aware of what they're doing. 
I'm excited
Just answering the top question, the rest of that stuff I honestly ain't gonna read:

Possibly.  We shall see.
> The Asian martial artist, complete with bo staff and blindness.

As opposed to all of the white people doing Kendo?

> The quippy droid whose job it is to be funny ("The captain told me to!") and a casual badass (throws grenade / thermal detonator into troopers, boom pow, effortless). No one in theater laughs at the joke, no one reacts to the grenade toss.

This is a far less common thing than you are pretending it is.

> John Williams will not be doing the soundtrack for this. No shit, I didn't have to look that up to know in advance, because everything about this feels more made-for-tv than Aladdin 2: The Return of Jafar.

What? We haven't even heard award winning Giaccino's sound on it yet.

> On a similar note, I'm not even going to look this up, but let's guess this will also be the first Star Wars film without the perennial Drew Struzan poster. Why am I guessing I'm right about this guess? Because I'm guessing this production has less than half the budget of any Star Wars film released in the last two decades.

Drew Struzan only did a convention giveaway poster for TFA so this point was just dumb.


Definitely going to have to downvote this. Too much stupid to not. 

Well, [this was the main poster for *The Force Awakens*](https://s19.postimg.org/en2kw29k1/star_wars_force_awakens_official_poster.jpg) (I saw [this version](https://s19.postimg.org/elsn2n7q9/Dolby_Cinema_Star_Wars_The_Force_Awakens_Poster.jpg) being used too, like [at TCL Chinese Theatre](https://s19.postimg.org/vq5crkq8x/Getty_Images_501806770.jpg)); Struzan only did [the exclusive one for the 2015 D23 Expo](https://s19.postimg.org/rhdo82v6p/Star_Wars_7_VII_Drew_Struzan_Official_01.jpg) (here's [just his art for the poster](https://s19.postimg.org/jalogi541/11855723_1178758085474378_8418715612312488205_n.jpg), which [he posted on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/drewstruzan/photos/a.131396440210553.24091.115298381820359/1178758085474378).
You're perfectly allowed to feel that way. I am personally really excited for it. One thing I want to correct though. There isn't a hot French guy in this film, but there is a hot Mexican dude though. His name is Diego Luna.
You're trying very hard to not like it if this is the evidence you have.
You must have a lot of time on your hands to hate something that you've never seen
I don't think it's going to be awful, I think it's going to **not be a main series Star Wars movie.**

Because, y'know, IT'S NOT GOING TO BE.

I personally think you can't hold it to that same standard as you can the main series.  It's not that.  It's not GOING FOR that.  You can't judge Metal Gear Rising by the same standards as Metal Gear Solid.

Will it not be for everyone?  Almost certainly.  
Will I enjoy it?  Probably.  
Just keep in mind that it's not a Star Wars movie.  
It's an *A Star Wars Story* movie.
Okay, I'm going to be honest with you here, if you create a thread where you have already decided to hate a movie before having seen it in a sub dedicated to the fandom of said movie series, downvotes will come hard and fast. Also, calling attention to received downvotes will have a positive feedback effect on the amount of downvotes you receive.
Did you ever have hope for this movie? I am almost in shock at how much hate you have for a movie that appears in almost all products and instances so far as well thought out. I don't think everyone will like it but I'm going into this looking forward to it. If you walk into that movie expecting it to suck it will never meet your high bar. 

The dialogue has been much better in recent trailers, even new delivery of the exact same lines, and you can't use clear trailer cuts between different scenes as evidence of a shitty movie. 

EDIT: Additionally, some of the lines we've seen from the trailers that you hate on are actually pretty funny. They're certainly no worse than some of the trash dialogue from every other Star Wars movie.

Award winning composer. Even if it's not John Williams, still a great composer. 

I feel like this has be a troll post. Nothing about this movie screams made for TV. 
[deleted]
I trust Disney after Episode 7
Do downvotes really mean that much?
Sounds like you may have outgrown Star Wars.

From your run down, I'd recommend you skip it. Maybe give your tickets to a deserving kid.
There is neither a hot French guy nor any heroin in this film. If your wrong about that, maybe your wrong about some other things as well?
Was going to just move on, but Alexandre Desplat is doing the score, and he's absolutely brilliant. I cannot wait for a Star Wars score by him.

Also, yeah. It's going to be great - but you're going to hate it because you've already decided to.
From a story perspective, I think David Prowse gave a great performance communicating shock from Vader. 

To Vader he just offered Luke everything he himself ever wanted. Rather than accept that Luke was willing to kill himself. 

Even a Sith probably needed to walk that off for a bit. 
Vader is calm, cool, and collected. He's not going to chase Luke down after a desperate escape attempt. Keep in mind, Vader is not worried at all about being over powered by Luke. He probably is perfectly fine with letting the news about being his father marinade in Luke's head, and trying to persuade him to join next time.
Yeah, I figured that Vader could sense that Luke didn't die after making his blind leap, and so Vader set about capturing the Falcon so A) Luke didn't have a way to escape Bespin and B) use the Falcon's crew as bait to lure Luke back (or in the very least, if Luke *did* manage to escape Bespin without the Falcon, Vader could use the Falcon's crew as leverage to convince Luke to eventually surrender).
He probably felt Luke's presence as still being alive, and once he got on the Millennium Falcon and took off into space only confirmed it. Probably one of the reasons he ordered the hyper drive to be sabotaged as a contingency plan if Luke didn't come with him. 
They needed to stop the Falcon, which escaped Cloud City a few minutes earlier and had the hyperdrive sabotaged by Piett's officers.  He also probably realized Luke would escape on the Falcon.

He knew Luke was alive later during the chase, and we knew from *Star Wars* Force users can detect the death of people living in the opposite side of the galaxy. So Vader probably knew Luke survived the fall.
Let's not forget, Vader reaches out to Luke via the force after he is rescued in the falcon. He knew Luke got away and was safe.
>But we're pretty certain Kylo also has a history with Rey

Speculation Land.
Interesting, but this is Ren's first encounter with Finn since he betrayed the first order, so it makes sense for him to scream "traitor" in anger... At this point, Ren has already met Rey before and surely would have already confronted her about being a traitor if he did indeed think she was one.

Hope that makes sense bro.
Kylo Ren was referring solely to Finn when he shouted, "TRAITOR!" Finn and Kylo Ren's interaction mirrored Finn's previous bout with the melee stormtrooper. Apparently, soldiers within the First Order took betrayal very personally. Rey was also unconscious during that scene. 


I personally believe that Kylo screamed "TRAITOR!" so venomously to Finn is because that he was actually envious that Finn managed to find the courage to leave the First Order. Kylo messed up his chance in VII and is more pissed off at himself than anyone else. He just takes it out of Finn because he's what he could have been.
> You couldn't really be certain he intended that for Finn, even though that is the obvious assumption.

> But we're pretty certain Kylo also has a history with Rey, that she seems unaware of that history.

Ehhhhhhhhh
Read the novel and treatment, and then hypothesis on stuff. 
wonder what a PIE Fighter would look like
You are in command now, *Admiral* Pie-tt.
That's what they call me
EmPIEre Strikes Back
Does this make Fin a DESERTer?...
Shouldn't this just be a picture of a fork?
*I* am the pie destroyer!
That's what happens when you remove bendable knees from your figures.
That scout trooper is about to hit some [sweet jumps](https://youtu.be/8Xde89WiaKs) with that thing.
Is that the toy you could push the button on the back and it "blew up?"
It's an action pose, he's kick starting it.
"Let's go butts up and fast."
Why does it say it cost nothing?
why were they free
How did you get them? Did you buy them online or at a theater?
http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Mortis_monolith/Legends

Should be able to find some neat EU stuff on it if you look around.
They hold cargo, it's been known for some time now 
Everything you've said has been confirmed already and we've know for months. No offense. 
[Pic] People have been saying that they're cargo transports with the brown add-ons. I can only imagine AT-ACT stands for All Terrain Armored Cargo Transport.
This is like biggest nitpick i've seen
Obi-Wan in A New Hope is full of half truths to Luke. He even said that Vader killed Luke's father. I wouldn't hold it past Ben to be wibbly wobbly with his statements.
The continuity issues in this series are unacceptable/s
> BUT - In Ep 3, the twins are born, and I'm pretty sure he didn't immediately renounce that name. Come on George.

i don't think it's unreasonable he switched to just Ben as soon as he started on Tatooine, in which case it's close enough. Especially since the new era in which he changed his name began basically the day Luke was born so cut the Old Hermit Man some slack. 

That's one hell of a nitpick imo
I can't imagine this post is serious.
http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/hyperbole
I may be wrong here but Obi-Wan uses the name Ben in the canon novel Dark Disciple
I don't think he ever *renounces* the name Obi-Wan. As soon as Luke asks if he knows Obi-Wan he says "he's me".

He just stopped introducing himself as Obi-Wan. 
Did anybody actually call him Obi-Wan after Luke was born in ROTS?
Ben's been on Tatooine for 19 years by the time we meet him in IV, do you think he remembers every single time he's been called Obi Wan or Ben since Luke's birth?
The prequels aren't known for keeping continuity well.

But I mean, this isn't a big deal. And either way, that's entirely possible. I don't think anyone calls him Obi-Wan after Luke is born.
This is genius. I'm totally doing this. 
Where'd you get these awesome things?
what game is this?
I'd recommend checking out [Casting Call Club.](https://www.castingcall.club/#/) You can post a casting call for free and have interested actors audition for the roles.

Best of luck with the project!
Damn, I've been hoping for something like this to happen ever since I watched Backstroke of the West.

Wish I could do something to help, but I don't know any voice actors.

The easiest way to get some help would probably be trying to contact the group who did the Backstroke dub, but I've never figured out who they are or were.

They must've been talented though, since they mimicked the actors perfectly. Only thing I didn't like was Yoda having an old woman's voice which was also in a worse audio quality compared to the rest.

Personally I like to think it was a group of voice actors just having a load of fun in their spare time.

I hope you can make it happen and as I said, I wish there was something I could do to help.
It's The First Order! They've done it!
THA FAAAAHST ORDAH 
All remaining systems will bow to the First Order and will remember this as the last day of the Republic! 
RIP billions of people we never met or really cared about, you actually won't be very missed. 
I think you mean Starkiller Base
How was that visible in the sky of an outer rim planet when it was being fired at a planet on the other side of the galaxy? The movie makes it look like the Republic capital is in the same system.
I really hope Rebels goes to the Hosnian system and makes this have at least a little more impact.
Oh fuck
What is the thread for the original pic on /r/earthporn?
I really hope Rebels goes to the Hosnian system and makes this have at least a little more impact.
Nooooooo.....
This looks more like a volley of photon torpedos than anything from Star Wars, to me.
Who fired the photon torpedoes?
http://imgur.com/a/cofDv

Found it.
That weapon was such a stretch. Put a sour taste in my mouth for that film. Why does the Empire keep building insanely unrealistic weapons, why wouldn't they have infiltrators place bombs on all these targets and then activate them. It's at least plausible.
Well there goes the Hosnian system
These happened to line up perfectly in my reader. http://i.imgur.com/JmmeEwz.jpg 
r/EmpireDidNothingWrong
Needs more lens flare.
Remember this day as the LAST DAY OF THE REPUBLIC
Heh republic is weak 
These are some badass lasers. 
RIP Hosnian System
Oh look, it's that organization that pretends not to be the Empire, but is basically identical to it.
The 2 glowing ones are coming for earth right? But what about the other lines? They aren't coming from the same source.
*sniff*

It's just... so beautiful. 
At first I thought this was /r/space, and I was just like "wtf did you just do?"
OP here, l don't understand the reference but this is super cool either way.
This belongs in /r/shoppedstardestroyers
That's dumb 
Boy oh boy do I hate the Starkiller.  
Neat picture though OP!
I sooooo hate this scene ... ruins the entire movie for me.
I'm not very well versed when it comes to Empire at War. I've only played some.  
But I think you can do regular battles in 1v1v1, not sure about Galactic Conquest though.
If I remember correctly, Lucas once said that in universe the surname Skywalker is much like the real world Smith.
When Star Wars came out Vader wasn't Luke's father. It wasn't even most of the drafts of what was then called Star Wars 2. Check out the making of Empire Strikes Back and Star Wars: The Annotated Screenplays for background on the writing process. 

So, in Empire we learn as a twist that Vader is Luke's father. 

And then 20 some years later the prequels came out and people started asking why giving the kid the same name and plopping him down in the exact same spot where his dad lived doesn't make sense. And it doesn't. Because George Lucas can make great movies, but he needs people to edit his ideas. 
Vader would never go to tat looking for him because he hates sand, it's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere. 
When Luke was taken to Tatooine, didn't Obi-Wan give him to his actual Aunt and Uncle? If so, no one would really question his last name. As of his mother's death, Anakin didn't really have much motivation to go there. Too much pain.
When the movie was shot, Vader didn't even have a pre-Vader name.  At that point, in Lucas' mind, he could have been called Joey Jo-Jo Junior Shabadoo during his Jedi years.  There was no weird headscratching moment.

Also, the Emperor-Vader scene in the Special Edition has different/new lines.  Watch the theatrical version of the scene.
Got to go when it was in Munich. It was truly amazing. Especially with my wife and boys. Hope you enjoyed your time there. 
thanks for sharing these awesome photos! hope you enjoyed your time there
So that means Poe and Snoke are in this one, right?
I showed my grandmother the new trailer today. She thought Jyn Erso was Rey.

This PSA is very useful.
Bothans WERE the 2nd Death Star? How are an entire species of people an object?
You know a PSA like this is wasted here right?
I'm still waiting for Kyle Katarn
I'll let you know in a few weeks. 
How are we supposed to know? 😂
Probably a Wilhelm scream, maybe a "I've got a bad feeling about this"
There are stormtroopers so I'm guessing yes to the wilhelm scream. (Wilhelm!)
I'm not even convinced there's no crawl. I read the article, and unless she made off the record comments too, they're reading way too much into her interview. 

Not saying there is a crawl either, but I'm more 50/50.
Vader rocks that cape
Villains wear capes. It's just what they do. 
There is a picture of Vader without his cape. He looks... Like royalty. Very much like an ancient Warrior.
i mean, black is already a slimming color and his suit is pretty form fitting. I'm not sure if he would have been more ominous without the cape, but he seriously would have been way sexier. i mean vader is tall and looks pretty jacked. no homo.
Definitely with the cape. It adds so much to his imposing image. 
LOL

They didn't change at all in Portugal.
Do you Dooku?  
Yes, I do Dooku.
We all know dooku was DTF. 
I'm surprised they didn't have to change it in America for being an offensively crappy name
Same goes for Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas on Episode II. His name is pronouced "See-foo gee-as", which means "fucks himself" here in Brazil (probably Portugal too, Idk). It got changed to Zifo-Yyas with the official dubbed and subbed release.
There's actually a similar issue with Ketsu from rebels.  

*Ketsu* can mean "ass" (along with a few other homophones) in Japanese.  They've gotten around this by extending the u sound to "Ketsuu". It doesn't look like much of a difference to an English speaker, but vowel length is quite significant in Japanese.
Count I Do Anal

nice
Huh. After the toilet humor with Jar Jar in Episode I, I always thought it was based on "dooky."
In the Netherlands Doukou which is pronounced in the same manner is slang for money. that would make it a pretty good rap name
Count I Do Anal
On TFA, Jakku was changed to Jakkan. "Já cu" means "Already ass" when translated literally
My roommate and I always said I need to go take a Count Dooku everytime we had to shit... We just thought we were being funny, didn't know we were being smart...
Not SW related, but there was a movie years ago, 10000 b.c. iirc, that one of the characters was named Moha. It sounds just like "die", in the imperative (morra). So this guy was falling off a cliff or somewhere else high enough to kill a person, and his friend screamed "MOHAAAA", sounding like he wanted him to die.
It doesn't mean "I do anal". 

Source: am Portuguese. It also doesn't mean that in Brazil.
For those wondering, "cu" means buttocks in European Portuguese and anus in Brazilian Portuguese. It's a cognate of the French *cul* or the Spanish *culo*.

Haikus in Brazil are called "haikais" for the same reason.
This happens actually a lot. Two examples come to mind: Mitsubishi pajero, which means "jerker" in Spanish and Nokia Lumia, meaning prostitute. Both had problems while introducing their products in South America.
Ooked in the dooker
Should have changed it in the script, it's the dumbest name ever. 
It means "from the asshole", to be more specific.
Works in french too, "Du cul" sounds very much like Dooku and means "From the ass". Amazing.
Count Dookie
that's kinda what it means in english too
Count Doku even sounds better than Dooku. 
browsing this tread, it seems like whoever was coming up with these names was Brazilian and it was intentional 
Dooku is a bit of an arse.
Dookan: one who Dookus. 
So, Dooku's name would have been "Lord Butt Fucker" if they'd left it?
Lol
Book of the 5 Rings. Demon's Sermon on Martial arts. Tibetan Book of the Dead. The Art of Peace. The Art of War. 
Weapon of the Jedi is a good canon one. It doesn't have a ton in it but it goes over how Luke learns to manipulate objects using the force.
I would recommend reading some books on Kendo, like Looking at a Far Mountain: A Study of Kendo Kata. Kendo was what inspired much of the lightsaber combat in Star Wars and many of the philosophies of Kendo were incorporated into the Jedi perspective on combat. I wouldn't recommend reading the actual Japanese source texts as good English translations will be hard to find and they will be quite difficult to digest without some good knowledge of Japanese.
The Dharma of Star Wars
Start your journey here 
http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Aidan_Barton
/r/Showerthoughts
>But is there something I'm missing?

The third act of A New Hope. 
General Dodonna says it in ANH, literally days later. The Rebellion are keeping the memory of the Jedi alive.
Her mother. In Catalyst she's sad when order 66 happens, she believes in the force and probably has expressed that to Jyn plenty when she was a child. In fact there's a trailer where she literally does this.
The mythology of the Force still exists. Donnie Yen's character is an adherent of a sort of church of the Force, as was Jyn's mother. Knowledge of/belief in the Force persists even without the Jedi.
"May the Force be with you" is a traditional blessing in much of the galaxy, even among people who aren't Jedi. It's especially popular with rebels, for whom the Jedi are a symbol of opposition to the Empire.
I sort of took it to be the motto for the rebellion. Non force users beleive in the force and it's surrounding philosophy, they just can't use it for violence and trickery like the Jedi. Those beliefs wouldn't simply vanish because the monks are seemingly extinct. 
I'm guessing the movie will highlight it, but her mother was a big believer in the Force per Catalyst. I imagine that is passed to Jyn.
People in the rebellion use it all the time. A strong argument that there were originally some Jedi that helped found the rebellion
It's sort of like saying "God Bless You" or "You're soooo good lookin'". It's just an expression. 
The Rebellion uses the saying all the time, so do multiple people throughout the galaxy. It's not actually as rare as a saying as you'd think. Think of it as people who curse with "*Jesus Christ*" or "*Goddamnit*". It may have originated from European religion but you don't have to inherently be religious or know a religious person in order to say it. 

People in TCW and SW:Rebels use the saying all the time as well. It's been a popular saying/farewell since the Old Republic era. Random citizens throughout KOTOR and SWTOR use the saying as well, so it's most likely not simply an "*inner circle*" phrase.
Awesome! Thank you everyone for the responses! 
I just always thought it was pronounced "Tag".
You can never know with these things. I always liked Tah-gee

Cassio Tagge, sounded cool.
Tagay. 
I thought it was "Tahj"
I also pronounced it as Taj as in the letter "g" is a soft g. 

Doesn't anyone know of some Audiobook or something where if pronounced Tagge?
Taaaaag.  Hard A.
Not sure why, but I read it "taj ay" (like taj mahal).
Targ
Maybe it's because of how I'm a linguistics nerd, but I pronounce it "tagguh" like it's German.
I've always assumed it's Taj-Gee.
Hey I'm going tomorrow. Do you know if the costumes are actually screen-used? or just recreations?
Fun fact about that costume: It's actually the *Return of the Jedi* suit and gauntlets with the *Empire Strikes Back* helmet. (There are distinctive differences in Fett's attire between the two films.) I believe the *ROTJ* helmet and some of the *ESB* pieces are lost or no longer in LFL's possession.
There right now
Is there an R2-D2 there?
Sweet!
Isn't this picture just straight from the Web marketing?
At some point Ackbar must've realized it was a trap 
>Rebel scum turn on each other after consuming large amounts of narcotics.

This is going straight to /r/EmpireDidNothingWrong.
I knew that the Sith lettuce makes people violent.
Well that took an unexpected twist...
The Shitposts Strike Back
Watch out for feds if you're US based, just because a state doesn't enforce federal laws doesn't mean the feds won't.
This is great lol. Well done! 
Best thing ever lol
Took this before the VII premiere. 
https://imgur.com/DPA2mft

If your a stars wars fan you will like it, if you expect it to be as good as the original bf2 you maybe disappointed, I personally love it but do feel it's short on content 
As much as I like the game, I'd have gone to see Fantastic Beasts again. But it's not like either of them is going anywhere, so have fun! I'm really stoked for the Rogue One DLC.
I hope you're ready to be disappointed 
You made the wrong choice.  Game is shite.
*ahem*

The correct lyrics according to Bill Murray (aka: Snokes confirmed):

Oh Star Wars,
Nothing but Star Wars,
Give me those Star Wars,
Dont let them end.
Oh Star Wars,
If they should bar wars,
Please let these Star Wars
Stay.
And hey, how 'bout that nutty Star Wars Bar,
Can you forget all those crazy creatures in there?
And hey, Darth Vader in his black and evil mask,
Did he scare you as much as he scared me?
Oh Star Wars,
Those near and far wars,
Oh STAAAR WAAAAAAARS!"
Yep, now I have it in my head.
Well duh
But.. it's not even right..
And the Grammy for best song lyrics goes to....
Well...Duh
I want a game like Star Citizen for Star Wars. Star Citizen is basically Rebel Galaxy, but much more.
Eh, it'd need much more depth. Rebel Galaxy is really dull.
The X-wings were flying support for the transport evacuation.
Maybe weather? Temperature is one thing since space is cold and everything, but perhaps snow and ice screw with them. It took awhile for them to get speeders adapted, maybe they didn't get to the fighters in time.
Pretty much what others have been saying, the X-Wings were needed for evacuation purposes and couldn't be used in the battle. The Hoth base wasn't that big, they didn't have the numbers to fight an engagement against the Empire for a long period of time. An entire fleet of Star Destroyers had found their location and only by luck were they able to deploy the shield to protect against bombardment. If the Rebels didn't evacuate immediately, they'd be overwhelmed by the vastly superior numbers Death Squadron could field. Once the shield went down, there was no more time, the ONLY thing keeping the bombardment at bay then was Vader's personal quest to track down Luke. As soon as Veers destroyed the generator, the fleet could have easily opened fire and annihilated the entire base. As such the Rebels had to focus on escaping as soon as possible. The battle wasn't meant to be won, it was a holding action to keep the Imperials back while the transports escaped. The limited number of fighters available were needed to escort them out past the blockade. Far better to use the cold weather-adapted Snowspeeders to participate in the battle.

Personally, I feel the X-Wings simply couldn't be adapted to combat efficiency in the extreme cold weather of Hoth in time for the battle, the snowspeeders are intended for atmospheric operations and they only just got adapted. It's one thing to fly your fighter through the atmosphere on the way to space, it's another thing to get into a pitched battle while staying low altitude. Performance-wise, there was some reason the snowspeeders were a better choice than the X-Wings for the battle. While the X-Wings could have done a strafing run against the walkers, every minute they spent fighting was more time the transports had without escort.
I would say that this is the reason that Legends is no longer cannon. The extended universe got so stupidly big that someone could always find something to back up any argument. As for Rogue One, the ones in the trailer were confirmed to be AT-ACTs which could account for how easily they seem to go down. I maintain that X-Wing fighter wouldn't have been any more effective than snubfighters.
The answer is that it was too cool to be in the movie. Hoth's climate is so cold that it actually has a deleterious effect on spacecraft operations. Brief flights like takeoff and landing are fine, but prolonged operation will result in something important freezing over and your ship crashing.

For whatever reason, they couldn't adapt the proper fighters to the cold, so they decided to do it with airspeeders instead.
cheap doesn't generally go hand in hand with meeting/impressing models and famous actresses. 

I don't mean to be harsh here, I'm just saying.  You pay for quality. 
Sorry to poke a hole in your logic. But, the actors will be used to working with the actual costumes. So anything you make will either be exactly as good as that (ie. average to them) or worse
Well that question is going to be fucking impossible to answer
No stormtrooper costume will impress the babes
Well, girls would like to see your face so.....no storm trooper costume. And the good ones cost lots of $$$ anyway.
I'm gonna quote Community here.

"Girls like to date and be with men, not reminded of when they took their little brothers to a convention."
Try being a Death Trooper, it might make you look taller.
>stormtrooper costume

>impress babes

you dont need a stormtrooper costume. just go see the movie with you mom, and have your mom tell all the babes how good of a catch you are. it'll work better than any costume.
Han POV? 
I think it's just shadows.
As Androktone said, it looks like it's supposed to be from first person view. Through Han's eyes.
Its.... not dark? Has he seen Clone Wars? Genocide, biological warfare, child slavery, torture and other war crimes are prominent throughout it.
I think one of the best parts of Star Wars is that is doesn't veer too far into being heavy or dark too often, and when it does, it is usually offset with  some bit of levity. 

There is plenty of fantastic and super dark fantasy and sci-fi out there already. Star Wars is kind of it's own thing, and it should stay that way. 
Imo star wars should be for everyone, young and old
Star Wars is like superheroes. It has something for everyone of all ages. Little kids can watch the fun adventures of Rebels on Disney XD while they crack jokes and slowly build up a cool fleet, while adults can read about the exploits of Darth Bane where he literally crushes peoples heads into the ground with his boots, and murders children while making a father watch. Eventually we might get something of the latter on Netflix in the form of a television show. 

Marvel is already doing it with shows like Daredevil which are far darker than the Marvel films, but they take place in the same universe. On one side you have cute baby Groot dancing to Michael Jackson, on the other you have a Russian gangster getting slowly decapitated by his head repeatedly being struck by a car door.....

I'm not saying it will happen, but the same kind of stuff *could* happen with Star Wars. Just not on the big screen. It's already darker in the books and comics, canon ones included. Star Wars is a malleable property.
> whole Star Wars universe targets to much of the child demographic.

ANH and ESB don't do that. This is kind of off topic, but I feel like I need to stress this whenever someone calls Star Wars a childrens' series. It wasn't always like this!
Oh I need these for my God daughter! Where can I get them?
These are beautiful. Please tell me I can get them somewhere. I need to see my boyfriends face when he opens these.
That walk Jyn has when she is walking towards the bridge where the TIE meets her is so sexy. 
Also a little disappointed I watched this. They gave too much away that the AT-ACT shakes off the RPG shot just to be destroyed by an X Wing. 

But hooray for the AT-AT sound that we heard for 2 seconds when Dak got crushed. 
What the fuck is this audio quality? 
I think this is a higher quality version of the same trailer (still not really HD though)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVd7fiaFbE8
Damn I wish I didn't watch that, oh well. I guess it's time to stop tuning in. Cya guys on the other side!
We've answered Randal's question about storm troopers fitting toilets, are we going to see any other independent contractors in this film?
Y'all gonna diiiiiiiiiiiie.
That audio jesus
Bunch of dead meatbags and, one junkyward welp.
I like how K2S0 is getting some more screen time. He's got attitude. 
Thanks for the potato quality!
tickets?????
When did Boba lose his leg?!
Now all I can think about is a Magnificent 7 themed movie with Boba Fett and Dengar as running buddies. 
Now I really want a Western style Star Wars flick.

Alien Space Cowboy laser gun fights, with Star Wars characters. 

Dear God that sounds amazing.
Hands to Bananas the third sstand alone star wars movie will be Mandalorians v Jedi.
His journeyman protector days when he was trying to go legit and have a family. It would be Death Wish meets Unforgiven.
I honestly feel like Disney would mess it up by trying to excessively explore his past or some other detail we don't need to know.

Otherwise, I think a good idea would be to have him escape the Sarlaac and try to find a way off Tattooine (presumed dead for month, no credits left, ship taken away, criminals want him dead).  Probably has to work for the Empire as they hunt smugglers and Rebels across Tatooine.
It would be great to see the Mandalorians as proper warriors again. I loved Traviss' portrayal of them and still despise what happened with the Clone Wars. It's a sad day for a Mando fan when *Death Watch* is the most Mandalorian of all the Mandos we see
I think there is one in the works, the plan I believe is to see how the Han Solo solo movie goes, before there is a serious commitment, somewhere on IMDb I think I read it, just like the Yoda solo movie it should be somewhere in the future 
Too bad we lost the grizzled and tough western accent from the original and now have  less threatening Morrison voice
Rebel scum!
I admit, I really like the Alliance Insignias on the side.
No wonder he is so round
Pumpkin pie is terrible. 
ITS HERE!
Rewriting Yoda as a stoner is great because it offers an entirely different explanation for why Dagobah is so foggy. 
We're heading to cloud world to get SHITFAAAAAAAACCEED.

I love these so much! 
Jedi Party was glorious
my longest yeah boy ever
Auralnauts are a national treasure.
That Santa AT-ST is one of the most terrifying fucking things that I’ve ever seen.
Oooh a face eating contest. 
Ladies locker rooms, Duke
"I love you."

"I like you."
YOU PROMISED ME FLESH
BASED AURALNAUTS
DJ Dooku and the airhorns. I'm fucking done. 
Damn it I can't watch it till tonight 
What the hell was that 80's Creepio commercial and can you make that next?
This is just amazing. It's a work of art. 
Vader! Hologram!
It's about time this came out, you fraud hacks!
yes
If you're seeing it in real IMAX, yes. Otherwise, don't waste your money and just see it regular.
I have enjoyed Imax movies and documentaries for decades.  A few years back I took a friend to see Star Trek on IMAX and he was on the edge of his seat the entire time.  He loved it.

We will be seeing Rogue One on iMAX.   Don't sit too close
I'm biased. Imax is cool, but I find it frustrating to look back and forth while watching something on that screen. It takes away a lot for me. Bigger always isn't better lol
It'll be bigger and louder but ultimately your opinion of the movie probably won't be swayed by what format you see it in. 

Personally I only go to IMAX movies because I can reserve my seat. 
I don't know, we haven't seen it yet!
Yes, yes, and yes. I've watched The Force Awakens in IMAX twice, it was totally worth it both times, and I wish I had made the time to watch it in IMAX another time. Normal screens are nice, but they're definitely not IMAX.
I saw TFA in IMAX as a second showing.  I really enjoyed it, primarily because of the sound system.
Would be cool to see him, though I imagine they might change his story..and it would have to be Simon Pegg ahah
If Dengar is in it, Simon Pegg has to play him.
I don't think it's off the table.
Not many people here will be cosplayers, you might get a better response from the dedicated cosplay subs on reddit.

My best suggestion is cardboard. This is why I'm not a cosplayer.
You can do a lot with corrugated cardboard and spray paint, especially with a piece like that that's meant to look a little more rugged rather than something shiny like Stormtrooper armor. 
Leia: "I am the Imperial Senate!"

Isn't she supposed to pull out a red lightsaber and do the Sheev Spin now?
"You have no confidence. You are disgusting."

Me too, thanks. 
[C-3PO, staying true to the Skywalker family tradition.](http://i.imgur.com/UtQta8h.png)
"Fear of this Station Wagon"

The Death Car is a very powerful weapon
Always knew Zuckerberg was working for the empire!
I'm still pissed that Hilarious English-to-Chinese-to-English Translation didn't win Blank of the Month. These are fantastic!
>I'm being torn apart

O hai mark
I Do Not Want these to end.
"I really do not know how to fuck."

Liar, [we've all seen this](http://kotaku.com/5911027/the-mystery-of-c-3pos-giant-golden-boner).
Literal tears coming out of my eyes. Thanks for this, I needed a good laugh
Oh god, JUST LIKE Backstroke. This is perfect

Is there a collection of all seven in a single list?
Here is the entire subtitle file!! http://pastebin.com/A26Sf8HN

We are starting a dubbing project - please head over to /r/TheDubGathers if you'd like to help with dubbing these subtitles! :D
we be fuck die
Is there any chance you would be willing to send me the entire transcript? I'm in a theatre program and have friends that would love to dub these lines over the entire film!

EDIT: Just saw that you'll be dubbing them yourself!
This is probably the best translation so far. 
Again with "a day after the fair." I wonder how "it's too late" turns into it.

I can *kind of* see how "cover me" became "Zuckerberg," but wouldn't that mean the translation program was working with the *sounds* as opposed to finding a translation to the words "cover me"?
>Who is she? She is very sex appeal

Luke not mincing his words there
Any idea when the full sub versions are coming out?
Oh my god. Easily the hardest I've laughed all day. Thank you!
[Traitor!](http://i.imgur.com/h8i7H3j.jpg)
What's your process in making these subtitles? I've been wanting to do some for other movies
Ewan McGregor as Obi-Wan while in exile on Tatooine.  Maybe in some sort of plot to protect a young Luke without anyone knowing about it.  
Obi-Wan Kenobi

Boba/Jango Fett

Ahsoka Tano

Count Dooku

Palpatine/Darth Sidious

Lando Calrissian

Order 66 survivors

Old Republic series

But most importantly:

Create... New... Characters

It's gonna get real old, real soon, if all we get are spinoffs of characters we *already* know.
The Sandpeople
A new character/story.  
We don't need more "Origin stories". I don't want Star Wars to be Marvel.
Kenobi and Boba Fett seem like obvious choices.  But beyond that... maybe do something new like Rogue One is doing with different brand new characters.  I think I'd prefer that overall.

Although I wouldn't say no to a movie focused on Rogue Squadron.
I'd love to see a movie about Luke's Jedi academy and the fall of Ben Solo. It's not possible wit the actors at their current ages, but perhaps they could animate it. I'm not chomping at the bit to see this, I would be just as happy to have a novel or comic tell the story. I do second what others have said in this thread about original characters. Perhaps a film about the remnants of the Empire forming into the First Order?
A Boba Fett movie post A New Hope but pre Return of the Jedi

Jango Fett movie that could focus on his whole life from Concord Dawn to Episode II.

Obi-Wan movie whenever.
Obi-wan is really the only one that I want. I wouldn't mind a KOTOR series. I think a Qui-gon Count Dooku movie might be interesting. We've seen the student betray the master. So it might be interesting to see it the other way around. Culminating with Dooku coming to the darkside, and trying to convince Qui-gon to join him. Which leads to a one on one confrontation in the final act.
We see a lot of Obi-Wan and Boba and Sidous/Plaguies and Count Dooku/Qui-Gon ones on here. But one I have ever seen  and think would go well is a Jango Fett anthology movie
Max Rebo and Sy Snoodles.
Of course C3PO.
Yoda
I'd rather have a jango fett backstory than a boba fett one considering clone wars already have a lot of insight on boba
None. New characters, new stories, new eras, etc


Maybe Obi-Wan though, but not for a while
Wedge origin story starring Ewan Magregor 
Lando
This will never happen and even if it did all the Prequel haters will shit all over the CGI that would have to be used, but I'd love to see a Yoda stand alone. Frank Oz is still around, and seeing Yoda at his prime, and getting to see the old Republic live action would be about as game changing for the saga as the Prequels were in showing us live action pre Empire.  
Boba Fett
Palpatine 
Rip OP.
Jedi was "ugghhh"? WTF?
How exactly did episodes 4 and 5 get the same rating as episode 2?

Also, Revenge of the Sith was pretty great, it's my all-time favorite Star Wars movie so far.
I disagree
JarJar and ewoks are the two things I struggle to forgive Lucas for. 
But ewoks aside, the staging of Jedi I think paid off- if only because of the final confrontation between Luke and his father. I can understand why the little teddy bears put some people off their light sabers tho. 

Imho, "Sith" and "Empire" were the strongest and most technically brilliant eps. 
They were also the darkest. 

Having said that, I think "Force Awakens" was also brilliantly done. 
I know it has its detractors and yes, some elements were rehashed-  but it needed the big cinematic pay off. 

But the new characters and storyline were well executed, and some of the scenes are breathtaking, both cinematically and thematically. 


So Revenge of the Sith is the best and Attack of the Clones is on par with A New Hope and Empire Strikes Back? K.
Fair enough, everyone has different tastes when it comes to the movies. Personally I rank them 5, 6, 3, 4, 7, 2, 1 from favorite to least. 
[deleted]
There are only two types of people in the world that I can't abide:

People who are dismissive of other people's opinions

and people who think the star wars prequels are good.
I don't think you can digitally anywhere. It's all over Starz right now though.
If you're in the USA, I think it's still on Redbox.
Isn't it on Netflix? If you have Netflix of course 
She so purty
Love it! I would recommend looking over the human figure a bit, but I would recommend That to most artists including myself, just cause proportions are effing hard. Keep up the good work though(: 
That dude looks baked as fuck. I love it.
Great picture! I like the look in his eyes - something very Obi-Wan about it. Like he's tired but still determined. I love that you got the body shape under the robe. It's so easy to accidentally end up with a formless blob, but you shaped him very well. His hands are a little awkwardly placed but hands are ridiculously difficult to get right and require so much practice. Would also love to see some color in it. Keep up the good work! 
Looks good. The proportion on his left arm is a little off though. 
Thanks for the critique guys! I noticed the proportion, especially on the left arm is kinda iffy, hopefully in future drawings I can get better at it, but anyway thanks for pointing out the flaws, helps me notice things I wouldn't really take into mind.
Try to contrast the shadows a bit more. When you shade like you did here, sometimes it makes the picture one-tone and boring. Really good job though, hope to see more from you in the future.
You got very good texture on his hair and beard.  Keep drawing!
I'm hoping for at least a cameo. Maybe towards the end, when the Rebels send the Death Star plans transmission to Princess Leia's ship. 
I mean, there's no mandate that R2 and 3PO have to be in every movie. If they are in it, I only really want a short cameo right at the end of the film. If there is much more than that, it might seem forced. If they make it natural, then it should be ok. 
I'm not sure if this makes sense, but knowing there will not be a title crawl makes me ok with R2 not being around. 
If he's in it, 20 seconds or less 
He and Threepio are probably in for a few seconds. 
Only at the ending, I hope. Both droids are with Leia during this time, we'll likely see them in the last shot of the movie as the *Tantive IV* receives the plans, hopefully with the final seconds of the film being the Star Destroyer *Avenger* closing in on them
I'm guessing zero
Probably at the end.
Lucas:  Okey, Walt, you can have my franchise, as long as Artoo is in every new movie.  Fail once, and the rights reverts back to me!
[Does the blind guy have a gun?](http://i.imgur.com/7nTWj20.jpg)
Yes please. Why's the current header image got us stuck on Endor, anyways? It's *Rogue One Season*, let's get in the spirit. 
http://i.imgur.com/0DpW9Lv.jpg
Why does it say 16+?

Now that is so badass, it should be the banner at least until the new year.
Yes, please.
Originally via Disney Russia http://wdsspr.ru/soon/00281/
Wow, they're all running in different directions. What could possibly be happening all around them?
Jyn's pose reminds me of this:  
http://www.comicsbeat.com/gender-swap-avengers-poster-gives-us-lots-of-butt/
Nice. I bet you had a blast! 
[Back](http://imgur.com/fXOO2yU.jpg)[Nozzle](http://imgur.com/dPwNAz9.jpg)[Scope](http://imgur.com/xDK8dHk.jpg)
Not in canon, but the legends story can be found [here](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Battle_of_Taanab/Legends)   
   
The tl;dr is that Lando was caught by surprise while unloading cargo on Tannab, with a bunch of pirates raiding a number of other ships in the planet's orbit. Lando observed how they went about their raids, and then decided he knew how to deal with them. He took his cargo of conner nets (a type of weapon that short-circuits ships they collide with), then shot the nets when the pirates flew nearby, and the nets then short-circuited a number of pirate ships. Before the pirates could clear the nets, Lando used his ship tractor beam to redirect pieces of ice from a nearby moon at their ships. His success led the Tannab Defense Force to launch and join the battle, which Lando assumed command of, defeating the pirates and crippling their ships. Imperial forces arrived a few days later to arrest the pirates.
In non-canon (neither Canon or Legends) it wasn't actually Lando. It was either Tag or Binks. I can't remember which
I like to think that Lando's Maneuver at the Battle of Taanab wasn't so much a battle as it was ... one of Lando's other conquests.

Something that's a legendary tale amongst the underground, but wouldn't have made it back to the upper echelons of the Rebellion. 
I go to OU! This place and this beer rock!
Heck yeah, Jackie O's! Used to go there all the time when I went to Ohio University. Their Razz Wheat is pretty damn good. 
That's so awesome!
Lawsuit incoming.
Source? And what does the Japanese mean?
He looks like someone just told him there's no such thing as silicon heaven. 
Which mall? I live in Montreal.
Marvin the paranoid androids cousin....
Why is he so sad?

The real question is where does this thing end up after the movie is in theaters? Like can you buy it? or does the mall get it? 
I have a feeling that K2 is going to be a fan favorite. 
Don't look at his right hand or you'll get punched on your shoulder. 
He looks like someone took his broom away... 
He looks dangerous, like a kid made it.
I think my favorite part is that he's so much taller than the backdrop.
Very same replica & backdrop was at Vancouver Fan Expo.
Looks lovely !! Will have to wait for our next road trip to Montreal... December 16th. :) Can't wait !
I can't wait to see K2SO in action once Rogue One comes out!
Man this would be so tempting to take. "Yea guys this one needs maintenance I'll be right back" 
Why would the Death Star not be at full power? 

Why does Tarkin just fire for the hell of it then? 

It should have blown up Yavin 4 and Leia along with it in the book. Other than that I do think it's a pretty cool story. 
Watch this be a shot not even in the final cut of the film.
I think it'd be cool if it were simply a hooded Vader. 
Trying to figure out this scene bugs the absolute crap out of me. There are so many possibilities.  
  
* Is it definitely a bacta tank? Or possibly some kyber crystal/power core?  
* Are the Royal Guards exclusively for the Emperor, or could they be around someone else (a vulnerable Vader) too?  
* Ian McDiarmid says he's not in the film. What if...he's lying to not spoil the reveal?  
* Cloaked figure kneeling:     
Emperor - Doesn't look like his shape and why would he kneel.  
Krennic - Seems to always wear white, even back in Catalyst, but it's possible he has a different cloak here.  
Vader - Not his suit, could be in a cloak but I'm not sure they'd change up his outfit. Could be about to take a dip in a bacta tank.  
Galen Erso - Could see him kneeling infront of his captors. Or, possibly having an "oh god what have I done" moment.
I have a feeling this scene won't be in the final film 
It's obviously Zordon.
IF we find out.  
It wouldn't surprise me if this was cut. We haven't seen anything else about it.
My guess: just Krennic in a cloak reporting to Palpatine. 
Galen Eyrso
Darth Jar Jar.
WHO'S THAT POKEMON?
I just *really* want it to be Palps. 
Biggest mystery yet
£10 says it has something to do with the Death Star plans and that's not an bacta tank. 
The Emperor's Hand! Mara Jade! Please, please, please, pretty please?
Thrawn

/s

... I can dream.
Maybe it's just Anakin entering a bacta tank to continue his healing from that battle on mustafar
Snoke's origins 
It might not be anyone. It could be a power generator or kyber crystal storage.
It could be the emperor bonding the crystals... Don't crystals have to be "bonded" in new Canon? Maybe that's what they have to do to increase the power output or stabilize them or whatever to overcome the problems mentioned in catalyst, and what were seeing here is simply one of the many crystals used that needs to be bonded or something. I dunno, this shot still has me scratching my head
its krennic and vader will walk up to him
Are they kneeling or is it the angle and their posture?  The Emperor's royal guards are present so it has to be the emperor right? We have only seen them with him AFAIK but he could order them to do whatever he wanted I guess. Also I can't see anybody in the tank so it could be the Emperor approaching an empty tank.
Vader getting out of the shower about to chill in a bacta tank.
I'm thinking it's Lyra eyrso as krenicks leverage over Galen 
It's Vader. They just didn't want to reveal him back then.
My bet is either on an Inquisitor or Galen.  

Edit; Though it'd be weird for an engineer to be wearing a cloak like that. 
Its actually pretty annoying how the guy isn't centered when looking at the tank
Mara Jade or Ezra Bridger 
Everyone already knows that is Snoke.
It's the emperor!  It has to be the emperor.  The royal guards are a dead giveaway.  They don't just post those guys up wherever.  That coupled with the hooded figure looking just like the emperor makes for a pretty glaring 2+2 equation.  

That said, I fully expect this movie to let me down and make it someone else.
Wild mass guessing: Ezra Bridger, preparing to fight Vader to buy the rogue one team time. He loses and is horrifically scarred. Only his link to the dark side keeps him alive as he retreats into shadow. 

Or Kanan, for the same reason, preparing to get cut down by Vader and set Ezra up for a later dark side fall.  

(edit: downvoted to heck for something I flagged as a wild guess. Reddit is a weird place sometimes) 
You can crop it
Words cannot explain how much I desperately need one. 
Dang it, i have no Alamo Drafthouse near me :(
I enjoyed the new Drafthouse in Brooklyn but I can't imagine that being a great environment to see the new Star Wars movie for the first time, with servers crawling about taking orders and getting refills. 
If I was a jedi I'm pretty sure I'd spend 95% of my time practising with a lightsaber.
I mean you don't have a ton of great duelists honestly. I agree that Count Dooku, Windu, Yoda, Obi-Wan, and Cin Drallig would be considered the top of their time period. But how do we know how good they are compared to past Jedi and Sith? 

Well let's look at Old Republic times. Back then when their are 10's of thousands of Jedi and Sith, both force users would have lightsaber duel weekly. So the practice combined with their experience of fighting all the time made them great Warriors and duelists.

Now by the clone wars, Jedi don't get real life experience dueling that much. The few jedi who actually fight a dark sider are so low because of people only fighting Dooku is a few people and then the occasional dark jedi They practice a lot sure, but what good does that do if you never really fight in a life or death situation? So that is why even though there are great duelists of the clone wars era, they are much weaker than the Old Republic Duelists. The only exceptions who I would consider to be on the level of the Old Republic duelists would be Mace Windu because of his use of Vaapad gave him such an advantage over dark siders. Count Dooku matches up with the old republic duelists because he is a master of form 2, which is literally designed for lightsaber dueling. He is considered one of the best ever. Then Yoda is on par with the old republic duelists because of his unique style. While he uses Ataru, his variation is extremely had to defend against since there has only been like 4 or 5 Jedi of his species ever so no one really knows how to counter him that well.

So overall, the top duelists of he clone wars are great, but just for their time period. The Old Republic duelists are great and better because of the constant life or death situations they are put him which requires them to practice more. 

TLDR: The Jedi of the clone wars era don't duel as much as the jedi of the old republic. So the jedi of the clone wars as great for their time period, but the Jedi of the old republic were much better
It's a huge part of Jedi training. In one of the new comics we see that dueling holograms are common. Even younglings regularly spar with practice lightsabers that don't cause injury. 
Meh there were ten thousand Jedi. Not out of the question to have some very talented or devoted learners
How do you know they will go on sale?
Getting a bit annoyed with this ticket waiting game they're playing. Not cool, Disney.
Tickets are going to open on sundaynight /monday morning @ 12:01 AM. Multiple news sites have confirmed it.
I just hope there exclusive footage is worth the wait. 
if it helps any, three of the managers at my theater told me that they're releasing tonight at midnight.
The app I use already has placeholders for showtimes. Not clickable yet though.
Guys, they're going on sale at 12:01 A.M. Sunday night. Confirmed by The Alamo Drafthouse and other theater chains that have sent emails for this.
"Oh look, it's even in 3D!"

-"Fantastic, which one?"
When you're not a huge Star Wars fan but saw The Force Awakens and are trying to figure out where Rey fits into the story.
It's a bit sad that apparently Saw Gerrera doesn't play a bigger role.
When are tickets going on sale in the US?
It lights up but at my theater one of the panels wasnt working :/.
Its even cooler when its plugged in lol...the blueprints really stick out when its lit up 
Any news on ticket pre-purchase?
The hype is swelling in you now
I love how The guy all the way to the right was in a film called Four Loins, where he plays a want to be terrorist. And in this, he's being a freedom fighter
Tickets are in my wallet already. Came on sale this week in the UK.
It can enter hyperspace just like the Death Star.
Good news. The character is also meant to be 30 years older. So his voice is totally allowed to sound different. 
People age. 

Not a hell of a lot you can do about that. 
I think it would be weird if he sounded exactly the same as Luke from ROTJ
Not only should he sound older... he's been a voice actor for a long time. So no, not worried at all. 
Character is older, and presumably battle worn or dealing with some heavy shit. I don't think it's an issue.
He's not going to sound like a smoker, if you've heard Mark Hamill speak in his regular voice he simply sounds like an older version of himself. A little less nasally, a little more gravelly, but you can definitely tell it's him. 
Spoiler: Luke turned to the dark side after all, talks like the Joker now.
Another point is that physically, if you look 5 years ago, it was difficult to see him playing again Luke. However, those actors are well coached and you do not have to be afraid of stuff like this. 
Mark still sounds the same to me. Carrie is the only one that sounded weird to me tbh.
I want to hear Luke laugh like the Joker.
>EDIT: I just don't want him to sound like a smoker is all.

He.... doesn't? Have you even heard Mark Hamill recently? 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XkAPmPDb_Ss
Are you not excited for Joker Luke?  
But for serious though, people's voices change when they get older. Luke is like 30 years older since the last time we saw him. So it's really not that weird.
I'm more interested in finding out why he got rid of his more realistic prosthetic hand. 
A) You want the person to just not sound like the way they currently sound?
B) What is your obsession with this "smoker" voice? Not everyone who smokes cigarettes ends up sounding like they've chewed gravel.
C) You're an idiot. That's just a conclusion from A and B.
I think they all die. Or 90% anyway. Kinda like Saving Private Ryan.
The problem with yoiur theory is that it will look like they just put her on Alderaan to die. If she dies she should die on the mission and not after the job is done as a casualty
Not until our reinforcements arrive to push out the terrorists once and for all. The rebel propaganda machine called Lucasfilm in this rebel dominated sector of space has been churning out these fake documentaries for ages now and it doesn't seem to be stopping anytime soon. 

Just in 22 days another propaganda feature film length "documentary" will be released showing us Imperials in bad light, in many completely fictional situations no less, straight out lies of course. It is incredible that people really think the elite troopers can't even aim let alone thinking little stupid bears can defeat us with rocks and sticks... it's ridiculous how gullible these Humans are here.

The "documentaries" are all twisted and intended to make the Empire look like something evil, when in fact the Jedi and terrorist rebels are the evil ones trying to stop the Empire from creating a safe and secure society. Once we secure this Earth and the neighbouring systems, then we will also correct the depiction of history to be truthful again.

I don't see it happening.  Disney seems to be pretty content sticking with the fairly black and white good/bad narrative instead of going into shades of gray.

Honestly though, I'd give my left nut for a proper Netflix series or something that was all about the good side of the Empire and the Stormtrooper Corps specifically, showing them as the die-hard elite shock troops of a popular Moff trying to make his sector a better place for everyone.  As much as I love Star Wars, the black and white is really tiresome.
I think it'd be interesting to show a protagonist who's on a neutral side of things.
r/empiredidnothingwrong is leaking
You mean like eradicating the Jedi? 
I'd be for that. Scar Squad in the comics has been cool to read, and so was Inspector Thanoth.
We need to have the Empire shown in a good light and the rebels/jedi as evil, certainly.

I never thought those terrorist rebel scum were anything but villainous lawbreakers.
You mean the clones of the *Clone Wars*?

Until the order made them turn on the Jedi, they were great.
I want a movie about Doctor Aphra.
Maybe you should check out Clone Wars if you haven't already, many episodes are completely focused on the clones.

I could imagine a movie though where they show recruits becoming involved in the Empire's war machine similar to the old Tie fighter games where you could become the emperor's top pilot.
so you think the people who:

committed genocide against the geonosians

committed genocide against the night sisters

wiped out majority of the population of a world inhabited by the lasat

killed hundreds/thousands of innocent civilians simply to wipe out a small group of rebels

committed genocide against the Jedi order

destroyed the (inhabited) planet of alderran

and uses the wookiee's as a slave race should have a movie where they're the "good" guys? is this one of those empire did nothing wrong jokes?
Wife: Tauntaun = Space Kanagroo, Wampa = Snow Yeti. (Not even abominable snowman) 
Fun times!
No amount of advertising can fix this, not everyone has the time or interest to pay attention. As long as they pay for the tickets and get into the theatres to see it, Disney will be happy enough. 

The best solution would have been to add a crawl at the beginning to explain where it fits on the timeline imo, but since they've forgone that for stylistic effect, I'll respect that decision. It's too bad that some people will have to be confused, we'll have to explain it to them...
I dont talk star wars to non fans so i dont run into this problem. I dont have time to explain to anyone who cant pay attention themselves.  
I have a one line explanation- Rouge One is Episode 3.5, not Episode 8. 

That suffices without wanting to tear your hair out.
I work at the LEGO Store and I have to explain this all the time, lol!
I just hope that the Alliance can take out the Empire's super weapon before something bad happens.
I would argue Disney hasn't done the best job explaining this to the casual audience. Hardcore fans understand but your more casual viewer needs to be explained more explicitly (not from footage bits and character dialog) in TV ads. 

My brother and I have understood from day one because we are huge fans. My mother, who has watched every movie casually, needed a more in-depth explanation from us. 

Just my take, I'm obviously not an expert in market research. 
Look, I'm here from /r/all top hour. I grew up not seeing star wars and don't care for them all that much, but I'm pretty sure it sounds like it comes somewhere in the beginning of the series and won't have the main jedis in it.

Am I right?
I think it's all down to basic pattern recognition. Star Wars has never been like this, it's always been first, second, third. A trilogy at a time. Now it's First, Standalone, Second, Standalone, Third. No one knows this but fans. It's a deep cultural knowledge that Star Wars exists in trilogies. It's a hard thing to break. 
I just tell them it's a prequel to the first one, they can figure it out from there. 
Some people not only don't pick up on thhhgd but they don't care enough to TRY to pick up on things. They're curious enough to complain about being confused, but not curious enough to pay attention and have their questions answered. It's a frustrating middle ground. It's why I can't watch movies with my Grandma. 
I just literally (five minutes ago) had this conversion with my brother in law. He thought it was ep viii. He's no dummy so a quick explanation sufficed but I can see how others would be very confused. 


At this point if you are a casual and think R1 is episode 8 then it's their fault not lucasfilm
I'm sorry you have to deal with these casual fans so often. You have my condolences.
Why is it so difficult to say, "It's a prequel that shows how the rebels got the plans to the Death Star," and leave it at that? The way I see some people treat "casuals" irritates me, because we've all been new to some fandom at some point.
I think after releasing this and the Han Solo one that people will catch on. I actually think they should have kept the Anthology name for the films though.
It's not poor marketing. I think it's just the bandwagon fans that are having issues in my opinion. We've gotten 3 trailers that have shown Imperial Stormtroopers, OT Rebels, Imperial Star Destroyers, Darth Vader, Mon Mothma, and the Death Star. Heck, we've even seen an AT-ST, a vehicle that hasn't been in a Star Wars film since the Original Trilogy, in one of the trailers. If people cannot figure out that this movie take place before Episode IV, 3 weeks before this films release, then that's on them. 
Kind of unavoidable when you make a whole movie based on a paragraph of the opening crawl from A New Hope. I wonder how much the casual fan really cares about this story.
Its just people not paying attention at this point. 
my aunt asked me like fifteen times if that was "little Luke" in The Phantom Menace
People are dumb.  Cant fix stupid.
My experience is that casual fans understand it, they just don't understand *why* Disney decided to jump back in time. And I don't understand it either. 

Why did this specific story need to be told? Did anyone really care how the Death Star plans were obtained? It was probably the least inspiring spinoff idea available to them. Especially after Starkiller literally made the Death Star look tiny (they actually showed us a visual comparison for goodness sake).

This is why I sympathised with the Jyn = Rey's Mom speculation. That wasn't just idiot fanboys feverishly making connections for no reason (Finn Calrissian, anyone?). It came out of a desire to give Rogue One a legitimate reason to exist. It would provide a storytelling justification for leaping back decades in time. This is our new heroine of mysterious parentage - and now we reveal her mother. And then, in Episode 8, we reveal Luke to be her father. Her parents were the two heroes who destroyed the Death Star. So neat you could tie a bow around it. 

Anyway, I'll still be first in line and I hope it's brilliant, and I hope that it racks up a huge total at the box office so we can get more interesting spinoffs in future. 


[deleted]
Not yet but I will be.... I will be
I just can't understand who you guys are talking to who don't understand this stuff.  It ain't hard.
Yeah I've also done this quite a bit. When I told one of my brothers that it was set between 3 and 4 he was like "why didn't they just make the movies in order?". He is not a fan of the concept of prequels it seems since he thought the same thing about ep 1-3 and the hobbit movies as well. 
The trailers explain that they're stealing plans to the death star and starting a rebellion.  If people want to ignore that and pretend like they don't know where this movie fits in the timeline, that's their own fault.  You can't idiot-proof a marketing campaign.

And anyway, people know it's a Star Wars movie.  Worst case is people think it's Episode 9 and watch it instead?  Will they be so insulted that they boycott Episode 9 when it actually comes out?
I can say with 100% honesty that I have spoken to exactly one person in real life about Rogue One and he's just as much of a fan as I am, so he knows exactly what its about.
[deleted]
Does Disney pay you for all the publicity work you are doing?
That meat is a bit on the dark side isn't it? 
Dwarf Vader?
Bye bye hand
It won't happen. Disney won't take away from Rogue One's marketing which is exactly what Episode 8 will do. TFA's marketing was different because it was the "return" of Star Wars so they could start teasing it a year in advance. They can't do that anymore because it will now overlay with whatever the current movie out in theaters is. They will start teasing Episode 8 once Rogue One is out on Blu-Ray/DVD, just like the Rogue One's marketing started a few days after TFA came out on Blu-Ray/DVD.  They will most likely show the first teaser or at least title during Celebration in 2017. 
The teaser for Rogue One wasn't out with Force Awakens, which is more useful to use as a measure than the TFA teaser. That was like a teaser for the entire franchise in a way.
The general consensus is no, it'll come out at Celebration. I'm leaning that way myself, BUT I think there is a noticeable chance for a teaser leading into VIII, if they make a special one just for that. They can do it specifically to clarify that "No, this is not VIII, this is set long before it."

I'd say maybe a 25% chance before R1, 75% chance of Celebration.
I really hope this is fanmade
sounds like something I can download from premium beats
I'm calling bullshit.  Not even real instruments 
Anakin's Dark Deeds from the OST
Pff unrealistic expectations on the super battledroid. 
When I think of uniforms and appearances, my first thought almost always goes to the movie versions.

All except the Super Battle Droid. For them I see the Clone Wars version for some reason. Heck, I saw this image and thought "oh yeah, that's what they look like in the movies".
For the most part I'm ok with the stylistic differences in Rebels, but I cannot stand the Stormtroopers or the stubby TIEs.
Am I the only one who prefers the film super battle droids? That more hominid shape is just more menacing
I really don't like the deformed style of Rebels tho'. I know they went with the overall cartoony style but it just looks off. The TIEs look weird and the bridges on top of the Star Destroyers look ridiculous. I would've also preferred to see the *real* Darth Vader in that series instead of the one inspired on concept art. The animated series aren't very good for continuities sake.
Does anyone else see Grumpy Cat when they look at the animated Stormtrooper?
Clone Wars art direction was stellar. In these examples, both clones and droids are more distinctive than their movie counterparts.

For some reason, I HATE the Rebels stormtroopers. The extra large chin area makes them look awkward and comical and deemphasizes the skull influence of the helmet design, reducing their visual menace.
Honestly I think the clone trooper armor was improved by TCW. But the movie versions for stormtroopers and super battle droids are better
Keep in mind that the stormtrooper on the left is from *Return of the Jedi*; [the stormtroopers in *Star Wars Rebels*](https://s19.postimg.org/q1xoek735/Stormtroopers_SWRFacebook.png) are based on [the "stunt" costumes from *A New Hope*](https://s19.postimg.org/68lklutpd/star_wars4_movie_screencaps_com_7785_1.jpg) ([here's a close-up](https://s19.postimg.org/dy0f2ajq9/star_wars4_movie_screencaps_com_9648.jpg)).
Why do they make them purposely look stupid.  Specifically the one on the bottom.
The storm trooper looks like someone used the frown filter on snapchat
I just realized the Super Battle Droids have heads 
Just noticed my typo, damn it me! 
Just to say, when talking about Star Wars Rebels it's apparently designed after the original images for the star wars movies. The lightsabers are thinner with a sharper tip along with the "beast" Zeb being what was originally portrayed for the animal character that became Chewbacca etc.

http://www.usatoday.com/story/life/tv/2014/10/03/star-wars-rebels-lightsabers-exclusive/16633095/
It looks like each tiny detail from the movies is exaggerated in then animated shows. Looks fine to me except for the Rebels storm trooper. 
Real Super Battle Droids have curves.
And in every case, the movie version is better. 
Ugh, I *despise* the TCW Phase I helmet. Just looks so dumb. [At least Rebels got it better.] (https://thewookieegunner.files.wordpress.com/2015/03/star-wars-rebels-empire-day-clone-trooper-helmet.png)
It's only today that I realised super battle droids have heads. I always saw their head as just an aesthetic bump. I need to reevaluate things.
I actually prefer TCW of both the Clone and SBD :|
The troopers look especially awful.
I really don't like the shows art style.
The SW: Rebels stormtrooper looks like a stormtrooper that was stung by a bee. 
Artistic style is one thing, but no one has eyes on their fucking forehead. Seriously with this?
That Stormtrooper looks like he's missing the top of his head...
I'm kind of frustrated they're not almost identical.
TV clone helmet looks like a butt plug.
I for one really like the Rebels Stormtrooper design.
What is up with the eyes on that storm trooper on the left? His eyes are all lopsided. 
Rebels went full retard with their Stormtroopers.
|:<
I never really liked the Super Battle Droid design from the animated Clone Wars, they look goofy to me. 
Movie looks alot better in my opinion. The shows look like a prototype that works but still needs to be refined to a final product
The super battledroids look like the guardian beings from the fifth element.
I don't mind the style difference especially in TCW series because the story/writing is better.
That moment when you realize that only one of these is actually practical 
Stormtroopers chin is hugh mangous
# Moves
Fucking Rebels stormtrooper looks like a pug. Seriously, what's up with that gigantic chin and tiny forehead? 
The clones and troopers look like they used the frowny snapchat filter
I guess someone has already said it,  but the stormtrooper in the picture is from ROTJ,  so it would be better to compare a ANH one to the rebels one. 
I'm actually shocked at how many people are using "minor variation in armor" as "this is why I hate the shows". Like, wow. That's a new level of petty. Now if you hate the actual human/alien models, that's different, of course, but seriously, "oh my God the clone trooper's helmet flares out too much everything is RUINED..."

Also the animated Super Battle Droid looks *way* better. Well, okay, the waist is a bit too cinched.
You should of done a comparison of all 3 b1 battledroids between the films, rebels, and clone wars.
To be honest, in anything but the actual movies, the Super Battle Droids were highly over exaggerated IMO.

They always looked and felt like behemoths who were next to impossible to destroy. Yes they were substantially better than their regular Battle Droid counterparts, but for gods sake it shouldn't take up half your ammunition in Republic Commando just to kill one.

I know their are exceptions, such as Battlefront II, where it was an actual playable unit so it had to be balanced for enjoyability, but this is something I noticed a lot of in a lot of EU stuff relating to the Clone Wars era.
Not sure what the point of this is. The Star Wars animated shows have always been very stylized. 
Unfortunately this is the reason I can't watch the shows. I've watched clips, thought the fights were badass (especially all vader fights in Rebels) but I can't get over the art design. It just seems... off to me.
It's weird that only item here is real life 
I've never liked the art direction of the animated shows. They exaggerated too much, so much so that it was hard for me to watch :( 
Terrible animation 
Stormtroopers look horrible in the show when compared to the film. I just realized this.
Somebody give that super battledroid a sandwich
If you've ever wanted to play as an SBD, there is a mod called Movie Battles 2 which has a full server of 32 players at some ltimes of the day. 
Anybody else love the Scout Troopers in Rebels
Droid and clone trooper actually look kinda cooler.

The storm trooper looks.... not great... like he has a bad underbite
I am so sorry, but that CGI Stormtrooper is too.... Yeah....

What's with the exaggerations on the helmets haha
I love the phase 1 TCW armor. The sharp angles are much better than the curve bullshit.
Look, I get that the "frown" on a Stormtrooper's helmet is where the wearer's nose is and is therefore a nasal respirator or filter or whatever the shit, but after almost 40 years of the same design with no reference point until recently, I **cannot** unsee it. I don't know if I ever will. 

That said, I appreciate Rebels' efforts. Perhaps it'll pay off and will be some kind of future-proofing of clarity to a newer generation of Star Wars fans.
I just realized the SBD has the original's head lodged into its chest. Noneck.
I actually like the clone and droid but that stoem trooper looks like he put his helmet in the dishwasher.
Okay, the droid on the right reminds me of the precursor technology in Jak and Daxter...
They're all great.
I prefer the Phase 1 Clone war animated armor over the original Phase 1 armor
K2SO looks like a b2 with a head
Yikes, I haven't started Rebels yet, but that Stormtrooper helmet looks dumb as hell.
The TV Stormtroopers are kawaii as fuck. 
I haven't watched Rebels (yet) nor Clone Wars - and I really like the look of the Stormtroopers in rebels, while I'm not really a fan of the rest of the animation. 
The film versions look better in every way. I'm not of a fan of the way they stylise things in TCW and Rebels, just make them the same as the films. 

1. The clones were always too skinny in TCW.
2. SBDs are too top heavy and slender in the centre.
3. Stormtrooper helmets in Rebels are too bulky under the mouth. 
member Stormtroopers?
IIRC, there's a canon thing where TCW clone armor is a different version from the Episode II armor, kind of a in-between between II and III.
Idk wtf happened with TCW
I don't mind the cartoony designs but I much preferred the traditional animation of TCW miniseries over the trite CGI animation. 
When it comes to the middle one, I imagine that the droid's depiction on the left is shaped so that a human actor can fit inside the suit.
They all look cartoony except for bottom left. 
(Not I the movies, just specifically this picture)
Good...good.......No! God no! 
[deleted]
Same reason people call tissues "Kleenex".

A certain brand or model becomes so popular that the name just sticks\

All "R" series units after the R1 follow the same basic design (Turning head, barrel body, two legs and a stabilizer) and "R2" series are the most popular/widespread out of all of them so it makes sense that name would be attached to R series droids.
My head canon is that Vader's accent (i.e. *not* his suit's vocaliser but rather his actual voice) has changed after some two decades of service in the Imperial government on Coruscant surrounded by the Core World accents of the Imperial Ruling Council and Joint Chiefs.

People adopt different accents over long periods. It frequently happens at universities when people with different accents and dialogues begin to harmonise. 
Shaw's accent doesn't sound particularly British to me, either.
I never really noticed it  to be honest.
~~James Earl Jones doesn't have a British accent...~~

~~Source: am British.~~

EDIT: Oh yeah, Sebastian Shaw. Idk, man. Everyone around him has English theatre accents so I guess he picked it up?
I guess he just kind of picked it up from all the imperial officers he's constantly hanging around.
If you go back and rewatch the few lines that Sebastian Shaw had, he really doesn't put too much of an English bent on them - it's vague enough that they could've casted either an American or Brit as Anakin in the prequels and it would've made about as much sense (well, as much sense as any pasty old white guy magically sounding like James Earl Jones could've, I guess).
I never even noticed it before
Imperial officers are always British
I'll take it

That's awesome!!
Was hoping hesa was gonna pull the helmet off to reveal himsa to be Jar Jar Binks.
That was quite good Lego stop motion! Really dig the snow and making the best of a minifig's limited range of motion.
I mean, I don't even like the prequels, but CinemaSins is utter garbage of the highest order. The absolute worst elements of internet film "criticism" all stockpiled into overlong videos that ceased to contain even traces of humor shortly after they began.
I dislike it when people blindly bash something, but I also dislike it when people blindly defend it. I, for one, can acknowledge that *every* Star Wars film has its ups and its downs, and I can point out flaws while still loving the film. The same film that had the ewoks also had Vader's redemption; the same film that had "if you're not with me, then you're my enemy" also had the tragic and emotional fall of a hero.

I enjoyed the prequels, and I happily sit down to watch them at least once per year. But part of the experience of enjoying them is being able to laugh at their stupider parts. Now, I haven't watched this particular video since it first came out, so maybe it's worse than I remember. If it truly is just "oh, random background object moved between shots," then I can understand some eye-rolling.

But if not, then OP, do not give in to your anger. Walk away - call them foolish, if you must, in order to justify it in your mind - but do not give in. Do not let the opinions of others influence you. This is Star Wars. It is a galaxy so expansive that everyone has their own unique way of enjoying it (or not enjoying it). Don't follow anger when there is so much joy to be found.
"Hey guys, I noticed that this piece of paper in the background of these scene changed position between shots!  I'm a moovie revooer now!"
This guy does this for pretty much every movie. He also did it for the OT aswell as other movies that are pretty much loved by everyone.
Don't even worry about it, Cinema Sins is the fucking worst.

Its a shame because its a nice idea for a youtube series, but it needs more clever people who actually care.
Revenge of the Sith had problems. But fuck Cinema Sins
You shouldn't care about what CinemaSins says about movies.
Its because Cinema-sins is sorta a parody joke
Mr. plinkett on YouTube rips the prequels pretty bad. It's an interesting watch but can be weird at some points. 
Like what? They do these for every film, even Jaws. It's comedy.
Pretty cringy how a lot of people don't realize this is satire. They do this with every movie.
I don't like Cinema Sins,  and I hate it when people take it as real criticism. These are made for fun not substance. 

Also Revenge of the Sith is in fact a trash film so don't get upset when people critique your awful film and disagree with you. 
The butthurt is real in this thread. 50% of it is satire. Come on guys.
Because she was only supposed to know that Jakar died from the explosion.  She was not supposed to know that he was the bomb.  Thats what gave her away.
The power to destroy a planet is insignificant compared to the power of the force. A trained Jedi will outclass Han Solo. Similarly, in rebels, three of the very well trained not force users in the crew who generally have plot armor got their shit handed to them in fifteen seconds by Maul. The Jedi are the best warriors, offer a sense of hope to dissidents, and are philosophical rivals to the Sith. They are the most important caste in star wars. And it makes perfect sense.

The dark side is the antithesis to the light side, a parasite upon the force. It feeds off of negative emotions like anger. If one succumbs, they are corrupted. It's not the same as a person in our world getting grumpy and easily capable of regret after the fact. The dark side corrupts the very being of anyone who chooses to use it. They become slaves to this pervasive will of darkness.

I didn't particularly like starkiller base. It wasn't a focus of the film enough to justify the presence of a superweapon. I would have preferred some star destroyers going and destroying Hosnian prime and then the resistance mounting a counter offensive. 

Rey and her powers with what we have are inconsistent, but I would be willing to bet that in the next films we will have more information on why and how.
Well I can explain why no one knows about Starkiller base and how it was done. It was built in the Unknown Regions, which mean obviously it's pretty much unknown. It's like a third of the galaxy that no one has explained and is untapped except some print have species here and there on some planets. Pretty much everything is uncharted there minus a few places. So Starkiller base is not found because it's built in a place no one has ever been to before. The reason the First Order got the materials even though they are small is because they found some planets that have never been discovered before full of the material needed so they excavated those planets. Then the workers are all kidnapped at infancy. They don't go anywhere else so no one is getting drunk and babbling because they can't leave First Order space.

Also for Rey, I think you need to wait for the other 2 movies to come out. Remember the name of episode 7 is The Force Awakens, as in the Force inside Rey Awakens. She is going to be a savior to the galaxy. And for all we know she might be as strong or stronger than Anakin or Yoda or Luke in the Force. She can do all these powers because she was born to do it. It's like a natural instinct to her but she doesn't know why yet and neither do we
It's a fantasy movie, in space. 
There doesn't need to be an explanation for every single thing like the small details of how the force works. It's mystical, like most fantasy stories are. Fantasies in general don't have tons of exposition because it ruins the magic. 

There are in-universe explanations for a number of things, but almost everything in Star Wars is "ridiculous". That's what makes it fun, that's what imagination and wonder are about, that's why we have cinema. 

It would be fucking boring if all movies were grounded by logic and facts. 
...please tell you are trolling.

Seriously.


the age difference between Luke and Rey is enormous

the "other" was Leia.
I know you said you are super casual, which is fine. But even if you are super casual you should realize that:

1. Rey and Luke are like... 40-50 years apart, no way they are siblings!

2. JJ corrected himself and said that Rey doesn't **discover** her parents in TFA. They may be in the film, but Rey doesn't realize that in the movie. 
Dude, you dumb
Buncha moof-milkers in here.

In the next movie, Obi-Wan says "the other is your sister" and Luke says "Leia!"
Dude, you dumb
> Super casual fan here so go easy on me...

There is one more film called "Return of the Jedi." The answers you seek could be found there. 
Pretty site Abrams just said that her patents weren't revealed in the film, people just blew it out of proportion
You have a rather uncommon theory OP, this is true, but sorry for the rude replies. Don't let this place drive you away from the series. We all have to start somewhere and ask questions.
1) if lucasfilm buries the prequels then Star Wars will never be as good as it could be. Those movies did an amazing amount of world building

2) the Death Star was being built during the clone wars. There's even a scrapped TCW episode that revolved around sidious shipping a gigantic kyber crystal to the construction site
Also, LCL is not burying the prequels.  They are referenced continuously in the comics and novels.
Read Catalyst.  Seriously.  It explains everything.  In fact, that scene is referenced in the book, as it happens.
It's not Disney it's Lucasfilm and in no way are they burying the prequels. They've already explained that they built the space station quickly but it took a long time to perfect the weapon. 
The construction actually begins during the war. But completing the rest of the station takes a long time, yes.
In my headcanon the DS in ROTS was a prototype. You'd expect a superweapon to run through various test phases. But yeah - headcanon.
The Death Star began construction during The Clone Wars, so a lot of it was already done by the time Revenge of the Sith was over, and it's 99% during Rogue One most likely. Read Catalyst! Excellent book that will give you some insight on how the DS came to be as early as the prequel era.
There's nothing to reconcile. Read Catalyst! The Death Star was in development during the clone wars. 
AFAIK, the old EU explanation was that the galaxy was devastated after the war and that they had multiple problems and a lack of experience regarding building superweapons.  In RotJ, the civil war was still kinda small in scale and the Empire was stable and powerful, so the time spent in building DS2 was much shorter.
Well they'd have to put him in. Hell he's Boba in SW: battlefront (2015)
I'd rather a Bossk movie.
Assuming a Boba Fett film may still be in the cards (which I'm doubtful about, especially since there seems to be more momentum about the potential Ben Kenobi film instead), but even if there was a Boba Fett film, there was a rumoured setup for the film cooked up Lawrence Kasdan which would've resulted in Temuera Morrison only being in the movie for, like, 10 minutes.
I'm going to wait until I know they're not related
I think there's 0% chance of that happening.
I certainly hope not. In the words of Jenny Schecter, "It’s not my job to make you a better man and I don’t give a shit if I’ve made you a better man. It’s not a fucking woman’s job to be consumed and invaded and spat out so that some fucking man can evolve."
I think it's a possibility but I don't want it to happen.
Wait a minute... people are shipping Rey and Kylo ren?
Do people even stop to think before they spew crap out at this point?
Honestly I think with enough development... maybe. Not sure if it is the best way to go however.
No, and it shouldn't.
Us by the time ticket info arrives, probably. http://s3.amazonaws.com/images.hitfix.com/assets/9838/helmet_tfa.jpg
Seriously. The lack of communication on tickets is *really* starting to wear on me. 
They actually had new footage :D
This might be the best-looking Star Wars film yet. Edwards and the whole crew have clearly done an amazing job. 
Protip: Never use demonstratives ("this", "that", "these" or "those") in your post title. It makes people think of clickbait and turns them off.
He still works? I Thompson gt those guys would swim in all of that photoshop money.
Badass!  
Wow. A real underachiever, huh?
Love me some Thrawn's Revenge
Which mods?
It seems like by emotion they generally mean fueled by anger or something similar. But I could easily see a Sith using sex or lust to further their own goals
Anakin would be the closest, given his actions were all about saving Padme. But the problem there is that it wasn't the love that gave him power, it was the fear of losing her
The dark side romance for Jaesa Willsaam kinda explored those themes...

Sith can absolutely draw strength from all of their passions. They're not afraid to express their feelings. The dark side of the Force shall free them. 

That said, there's a hierarchy of value and usefulness of emotions in Sith culture. Sith lords look down on using fear as a power source; only noobs need to rely on fear. Anger is a good all purpose fuel. Hate is the most mature and refined.

Love and lust are weird ones. While Sith may be great in bed (assuming the important bits haven't shrivelled up from too much Force lightning), they're not really into the commitment thing. Love leads to attachment, attachment leads to vulnerability, vulnerability leads to weakness. Also, for a darksider, emotional drivers relating to loved ones tend to return to the big three--fear of losing them, anger at hurting them, hatred for those that would take them from you.  It's a common theme among Sith motivated by love (e.g. Darth Vader or Darth Malgus).

It wouldn't make a lot of sense. Sith by their very nature care only about themselves and power.
In the Old Republic game, Darth Malgus's Twi'lek slave/servant seen in the Deceived trailer is his lover. He loved her deeply and absolutely, drawing strength from that connection, though eventually he had to kill her when he realized that she was also his weakness: someone could get to him through her.

Darth Caedus from the Legacy of the Force novels fueled his entire purpose in becoming a Sith basically out of a sense of justice and sacrifice, becoming a Sith "for the greater good" and to help create a better future for his wife and daughter. Most of what he did, he did out of love for them.

While absolutely fueled by rage, the Legacy comics-era Darth Talon used her sexuality as a tool against the former Jedi Cade Skywalker, at the time captured by the One Sith Empire and pretending to have joined them in order to stay alive. Talon, having long been something of a rival to Cade, became his mentor in the One Sith and even slept with him one night. It was after sleeping with him that she realized that while he was enthusiastic about his cover, he still had yet to give himself to the Dark Side.
Sex or lust I could see. Love not so much. But sure why not?  Sex is used to manipulate people all the time. 
Anakin was initially driven by romance, but anger and hate seem to always take over. 
Sadly we will never know since Disney insists that everything be kid friendly 
I think the meta reason is that showing the sith using sex or lust to gain power is kinda (or very) rapey, and the film-makers drew the line at rape. I think it was a good decision. Love doesn't work because of the self-centered nature of the sith
[removed]
You can tell one parent really wanted Luke, but had to settle with Lucas or there'd be war :)
I actually know a kid named Luke Sky Walker. It's a client's nephew, he's 9 now. Loves Star Wars because what other choice does he have.
My son's name is Lucas.  My wife believes we named him from Luke in the Bible, but that's not what I was thinking at all when I suggested it.

Me - "What about Lucas?"

Wife - "Lucas... I like that.  Like Luke, my favorite book of the Bible."

Me - "Uh, sure.  The Bible.  Right."

A few months later, I'm holding my newborn son.

Me - "*Ghhhhh, Shkuuuuu* Luke.  I am your FATHER."
My son will be born in a few weeks. We were originally going to call him Lucas, but instead we settled on Harrison. And as a bonus his middle name will likely be Wan, my wife's maiden name, it was even her idea!
I have a 5 year old named Adaleia (add-a-leia), who we call "Leia."

Our second daughter, who is not just over a month old, is ReyLynn. Wonder what we're going to call her...
He should be wearing an even smaller pack on his back with a mini Yoda in it.
I remember seeing a kid who's name was Anakin
lol   crystal city is like 30 min for where i live in stl.
This is not the boy you're looking for.
They messed up, they should have just dropped the s from sky.
That poor kid. Even as a middle name "Sky" is feminine. 
The fanfare is from the Empire Strikes Back soundtrack that they added during the digital release. 
I agree that the way they handled it in Force Awakens was better. The way the fanfare was edited for the other films was pretty sloppy. Silence is better:
Because some episodes aren't in chronological order. You're actually supposed to watch 5x02 first and then there's 10 or 11 episodes between that and watching 5x01.  

http://www.starwars.com/news/star-wars-the-clone-wars-chronological-episodeorder

The issue about how the episodes aired is covered in the sub's FAQ, I believe, if you want more info. :)
https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWars/comments/31ij0p/the_clone_wars_in_chronological_order_w_links_to/

I use this.
But, Anakin has an apprentice. How, when he is never a master? 
IIRC, it's NOT a chronology issue. Everything after season 3 is broadcast in chronological order. They're just two different Jedi of the same species.
I'm about half way through it now and really enjoying it. It's a great bit of world building 
Liking it so far. His Galen and Krennic are both amazing.
Yes! He has a great voice. I especially love listening to his portrayal of Galen. 
Yeah Jonathan Davies is fantastic and he is the same guy who did a lot of the now no longer canon books like the Darth Bane trilogy and the Obi Wan audiobooks and those were really great.

Tbh so far for pretty much all the new canon audiobooks they have used the same great voice actors of the old canon books like Marc Thompson who did among others the Thrawn Trilogy audiobooks (and he already a few of new canon books too btw) and i got good hopes he will do the audiobook version of the new Thrawn book coming up too.
I finished it last night, it was one of the best audio books I have listened too in a while. I really helped fill out the world and that period in Star Wars history. 
I love it as well! I have about 5 1/2 hours left. Really great for drives to class and back. It is exponentially increasing my excitement for Rogue One. 
What does it say? Also, which area of the alps were you in? I love it up there
Perhaps we should create a rebellion to steal these secret plans... 
I can only see this getting boring if they stick to the OT timeline. As much as I like it, there is only so much you can do. Hope they dive into prequel era, ancient eras and pre force awakens.
Need more Non-Battlefront Star Wars games. Need more Star Wars Strategy games, more RPGs, more Star Wars Galaxies, more flying games.
They may leave a lot of options on the table for stand alone films with the making of Ep. VIII and IX....or possible events that take place after those films.  There is no telling what kind of characters will emerge in those films, and if they generate enough interest in the fans, then you have your next few possible films ideas from that.
I love how all these sites are trying to make a meal out of Kennedy's simple "We don't know what we're going to do after Episode IX, but we'll start talking about that in January after we see how Rogue One does" statement.

It's probably safe to assume that depending on how Rogue One performs, Lucasfilm will either feel emboldened to start creating more anthology films (and/or new Star Wars film series that don't involve the Skywalkers), or they'll start mulling the idea of making Episodes X-XII.
Just make a Knights of the Old Republic movie. 
"Okay, people are going apeshit over Rogue One.... now hear me out... Rogue... TWO" -Lucasfilm
I need a Shadows of the Empire film in my life.
Once Ep 9 is complete there's no reason they can't go back and show the Battle of Jakku.  

I want to see those Star Destroyers "sink".  That's a huge untold story.  
Just give me an Obi-wan movie (or 3) and I'll die happy.
I want a Mandalorian Wars movie so bad! 
See here's where I disagree with Kennedy. She says they likely won't have a crawl in Rogue One so these standalones to move away from traditional things in Star Wars films. That I'm okay with. I don't need an "I've got a bad feeling about this" in every film.

But to me, an opening crawl is not only a pinnacle of the saga, but would make more sense for Rogue One than any other film in the series. There's a lot of people out there that still think this film is Episode VIII and will be confused for the first 10-15 minutes of the movie. To me a crawl would set up exactly the info they need to know.

Maybe they have a better way to convey the timeline in the film. But this is just my opinion having not seen the film yet.
I really want to see what happened to those pirates that appeared in Aftermath. 
The should do a film where the heroic men and women of the Empire must stop rebel terrorists from assassinating the Emperor.
Be ready for Disney to put out so much Star Wars that everybody loses interest
Unrelated, but when the video started playing automatically I have never jumped that hard.
I don't think the flow of new Star Wars movies will ever end. Same for the Harry Potter universe. They so big and deep that you can keep telling new stories forever.
Honestly, if they just did Kotor 1, it would be a massive success. They could easily spread it into 2-3 movies and then easily jump to a prequel-sequel about revans origins. Then it would be Darth Revan as the focus instead of Vader
2020: Force Sensitive Creatures and Where to Find Them

2021: Star Wars Orgins: Yoda

2022: Rise of the Shroud of the Darkside

2023: Greedo: A Hunters Tale

2024: The Magical Gungan Musical
Give me a film of Vader and Palpatine tracking down the remaining Jedi. 
Really hope we get a documentary on midichlorians I'M KIDDING LUCAS IF YOU'RE READING THIS THAT'S A JOKE
I want...

-Boba Fett in his prime 

-Obi-Wan post RotS

-boots on the ground Clone Wars
Wait, I've got it - planet killing space station! Only it's got a weakness that the heroes can use to destroy it!
Can they work on a new star wars RPG instead 
I would kill for a Plagueis movie.
Damn well better be a Kenobi film in there, starring Ewan McGregor, if they're going to keep making these stand-alone films. I want to see something set on Tatooine during Kenobi's self-imposed exile/"watchtower" years, specifically an interaction between him and Lars Owen (who in my mind's movie theater I see being played by Russell Crowe). Wasn't there a stand-alone novel that covered this, something to do with the Tuskens? 
For anyone thinking that they won't continue with the "main" episodic chapters after IX, you're kidding yourselves.

Skywalker is a brand just like Mickey Mouse, Captain America, and Iron Man.

They're not just going to let that brand fade off into the binary sunset. And they shouldn't.

And beside as a fan growing up with the OT, PT, and now the ST. I want to see the continuing adventures of the Skywalker family.

As well all the other stories that can be told outside the episodes. 

I want it all.


Stop focusing on anyone important for a while, and just explore the universe.

Come up with some interesting but unimportant schlubs; Smugglers being the Star Wars EU staple, and send them on stupid adventures. Give them a battered old ship with a meaningful name. So old that no one in their right minds would still be using, make a few of them war veterans.

Get them travelling the Galaxy, out on the frontiers, a sort of space western vibe. They could do Spice Runs, a train robbery, and maybe some interesting passengers could join them. Maybe an incognito Jedi Exile, just posing as an old preacher. Maybe a Doctor and his Sister, who are fleeing imperial custody.

What do you mean "Isn't that just firefly?"?
Here's my prediction after Ep 9:

2020 Obi Wan Movie Pt 1
2021 Bounty Hunters Underworld Movie (w/Boba Fett)
2022 Obi Wan Movie Pt 2
2023 Battle of Jakku
2024 Obi Wan Movie Pt 3
Would love to see a movie between episode 1 and 2.  They skipped over a huge chunk of Anakins life especially how he became so close to and trusting of Palpatine.  In episode 1, they meet once IIRC and Palpatine shows interest in his career.  Then in early episode 2 Anakin praises Palpatine as a mentor and a good man.  I feel like we miss out on some significant manipulation that might make Anakins turn more believable. 
For all I care they run through all of the numbers at the back of the old kenner toys
......Next up: 4-LOM 
I'm afraid they're going to run the franchise into the ground.  I already feel like there's too many Star Wars movies coming, and they're talking about more?  We should have had the new trilogy by itself, and then a break for a while before expanding to other types of movies and time periods.
Darth Bane please. 
Is anyone else worried they're going to turn the Star wars universe into the same mass produced marvel movie series (40 movies in 15 years) that we have today?
I would really dig a PODRACER movie. Get rid of the kiddy shit, and make a straight-up intense racing movie starring a bunch of badass characters who get maimed and killed in various galactic courses. 
I don't think I will ever be over saturated with Star Wars. In 1983, I was 9 years old when ROTJ came out, and waited 16 years for the prequels, with a steady diet of dark horse comics and EU novels.

If they do not get Ewan McGregor back as Obi Wan it will be a damn travesty. Have him and Maul finish what they started in Naboo, edit some (live action) flashbacks from the clone wars cartoon (Duchess Satine Kryze, anybody?) 

I have high hopes that this works out and we get Star Wars every year for a long time.
Does anyone have a non shitty to mobile site?
More Vader. People want Vader. Also, if they could make one about Revan it'd be awesome. That a something like on HBO. 
Please please please crossing my fingers for Old Republic era. Make Revan canon and you can have my soul.
Give me something Old Republic style, I'm pretty done with the original cast and having the same trilogy 3 times in different ways.
Rogue squadron movie/tv Series/ game pretty please!
Old Republic please!  I want to see hordes of Jedi and Sith fighting
  ༼ つ ◕_◕༽つ Gib prequel era.༼ つ ◕_◕༽つ please
So secret, it's on reddit, known for it's secrecy. 
I don't think they should make too many films, otherwise it would get boring and repetitive, and I DO NOT want that to happen to my favourite franchise of all time. Unfortunately I suspect Disney's love of money to get in the way of that. If I was in charge I would put Star Wars on the back-burner after Ep. IX. Some books, games, maybe a couple TV shows, but no major movie releases for some time.
Good. Let's keep it a secret. I want surprises not spoilers. 
Chewbacca: The Movie

R2D2: Origin story

C3PO: The Reckoning

That bounty hunter with all the bandages: He gets a movie too

And that big worm in an asteroid: The Film: in 3D
Many Bothans died to bring us this information....
Is there a different quality to the overall story if they spam movies as opposed to novels?

I would really love to see a movie made about Revan and other stories from the Old Republic. Probably wont make those until after they finish the new trilogy I'm guessing.
"So you know how the second deathstar was destroyed in episode 7? What if for episode 8... you're going to love this... they build **another** deathstar?"

*standing ovation from boardroom*
I want a to see the rise of a young Sheev Palpatine.
It makes sense. Ewan Mcgregor has most likely been in contact with Lucasfilm to reprise his Obi Wan role. 

They're just waiting to see how well this first anthology film rolls out. I'd bet good money that if the returns are great we'll get an announcement early next year regarding an Obi Wan film. 

Ewan Mcgregor participated in an interview earlier this year and couldn't comment on whether or not he had talks with Lucasfilm or Disney.

Everyone knows when an actor says "not sure if I can talk about that." that it's an indirect confirmation. Otherwise he would have flat out said no. 
I want to see an Order 66 movie. It can't have been that short. I want to see the Jedi running for their lives.
as long as there is at least one Star Wars film every year from now until the end of time I will be happy,  although I do think that having trilogies  be the continuing anchor is key.
"Secret Plans"

Wasn't it common knowledge that Disney would release a new Star Wars movie every year until audiences were absolutely sick of the franchise?
*crossfingers* Shadows of the Empire. Tom Hardy could play a badass Dash Rendar
Obi-Wan movie incoming.
Rogue One fever is up..check this insane life size replica...https://youtu.be/-btpxtKT9Ec
We need some Bothans to risk their lives for the secret movie plans! 
Is anyone else super worries this may suck? I have a friend calling it katniss steals the death star plans. It looks super formulaic...
Yay, another yearly franchise...
Disney's only released 2(kinda) movies, and I feel like they have already over saturated the market.  They have the new trilogy(ep. 7,8, & 9) and the anthology series(Rouge One, Han Solo, and a third one). That's already 1 movie per year to 2020, and now they want to do more.  I love Star Wars as much as the next person, but too much of a good thing can be ruined.  I suggest they slow down and let this current string run its course and take a few years off before diving into more fodder.
Jar Jar origin story plz
Did many Bothans die?
1. no white men leads

2. see 1
Boy, Rogue One really is looming huh?

Time to put /r/StarWars back on filter.
I'm betting they'll follow the Marvel plan of two movies a year and one of these new movies is going to be the sequel to Rogue One. They'll probably release their slate of movies sometime in 2017 and it'll rival the Marvel releases. 

Very exciting possibilities. 
username checks out
*15 minutes of non-subtitled wookie talk*
I just watched it for the first time today. I don't plan on viewing it ever again.
*screaming internally*
I saw it when it first aired. Everyone was so excited for this thinking it was going to be totally badass. If it's Star Wars, there's no way this would be bad! Then we saw it. Ick. I remember watching it and thinking "it's going to get better, it's going to get better" - nope.


i watch this every christmas with my family.  
If you haven't seen this review of the holiday special, you're missing out: https://youtu.be/WvYl9cPibjk
NEVER!!
Dear god! Keep that thing away from me before it eats my soul!
Jesus Christ!  Kill it with fire. 
It's like a fractal of uncomfortable failure
I think some artist did it for fun
Some random artist. It keeps popping up because of some bogus poor mans buzzfeed site keep advertising it as some article about a young yoda standalone film
He looks like a ninja turtle got dumped in a vat of Vaseline lmao
Rogue One is a standalone story, meaning you can go in clean. It's not a sequel, it's a prequel of sorts to Episode IV: A New Hope, but it's its own story.

As for watching order, you'll get two suggestions: the "release line" and the "chronological line" (or something similar).

The Chronological line would be:

> Episode 1: The Phantom Menace

> Episode 2: Attack of the Clones

> Star Wars: The Clone Wars Movie

> Star Wars: The Clone Wars series

> Episode 3: Revenge of the Sith

> Star Wars: Rebels TV Series

> [Here is where Rogue One fits in]

> Episode 4: A New Hope

> Episode 5: Empire Strikes Back

> Episode 6: Return of the Jedi

> Episode 7: The Force Awakens


The "release order" is how they were released originally:

> Episode 4: A New Hope

> Episode 5: Empire Strikes Back

> Episode 6: Return of the Jedi

> Episode 1: Phantom Menace

> Episode 2: Attack of the Clones

> Episode 3: Revenge of the Sith

> Star Wars Clone Wars movie

> Star Wars Clone Wars series

> Episode 7: Force Awakens

> Star Wars Rebels TV Series

It's truly up to you, but rest assured you can go into Rogue One with no experience with any Star Wars movie and still be able to understand it and experience an entire story on its own.
It takes place before episode 4 which is the first Star Wars movie so you should be good to go if it's your first one. 
You should be fine going in not knowing shit about Star Wars - in fact, I think most people around here would be curious to see what you think about this film without having any prior knowledge about Star Wars, *especially* if you decide to watch the original 1977 Star Wars film after seeing Rogue One (since that first Star Wars movie supposedly takes place immediately after the events of Rogue One).
They're showing all six Star Wars movies on TBS if you have that channel tommorrow. I recommend checking your guide to see what time they air for you.
You'll be fine. It doesn't really get into the Jedi/Sith conflict and the force isn't prominent. It'll be more like a sci-fi mo is that the traditional space opera.

And as u/Mudron mentioned, you should go see Rogue One and then gather up another roost on here describing your experience of Rogue One being your first Star Wars film. We'd all be very interested to hear your thoughts about it.
At minimum I would watch Revenge of the Sith and A New Hope (In that order). I encourage watching all of the movies though, chronologically.
Plo Koon. He was always my favorite Jedi, and then TCW showed him for the totally chill guy he actually is. Plus, he's a Jedi ace.
Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis "the wise"? I thought not. It's not a story the Jedi would tell you. It's a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life... He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful... the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. It's ironic he could save others from death, but not himself.
Tbh it'd be Qui Gon. He understood the Force in a way that even Yoda didn't, and also wasn't as ridiculously strict as the other Jedi so there would be room for experimenting with the force.
Obi Wan cause he's a freaking baller. Or to indulge my childhood Maul, cause I always played that i was him taking over the galaxy and exterminating the Jedi
Qui-Gon or Anakin because they'd let get away with shit and have fun once in a while. Plus Qui-Gon would make me more open minded and Anakin was a war hero, can't go wrong with either of those. Just gotta make sure I don't run into Anakin after the Clone Wars are over.
Count Dooku. Because he valued politeness and civility but also understood the ways of power and ruthlessness.

Alternatively Mace Windu because he was a more aggressive Jedi and understood the value of a direct approach. 
Kit Fisto. He's just an easygoing, likable guy, but he is also skilled with the force and a lightsaber, plus he's trained a few apprentices already(in legends at least).
Darth Bane, 'nuff said.
Darth Revan for sure. He was a master of both sides of the force, not just the narrow dogmatic view of the Jedi. 
Kyle Katarn, the Han Solo of Jedis. Nuff said
Anakin Skywalker.  He dares to take risks and break some rules
Either Yoda or Obi-Wan.

Yoda because he's so knowledgeable and wise and has trained hundreds of Jedi.

Obi-Wan because he's a great teacher and so funny
Supreme leader Snoke.
Obi Wan. He's a baller
I have faith in Luke Skywalker to become a great master. Let's go with him.
Probably Darth Revan. His use of both sides of the force would be dope and he's strong as fuck. Otherwise I would probably want Darth Annedu or whatever. His ability to live forever is 😍
Kanan Jarrus, Jedi Knight after his encounter with Maul, formely Darth, now just Maul.
I have faith in Luke Skywalker to become a great master. Let's go with him.
Have you not read Catalyst?


Read Catalyst 
IMO, this is why Ewan McGregor was one of the greatest things about the prequel trilogy. He really nailed the role. In future films, if there is a vision (like Rey had in TFA) that contains Obi-Wan, I'd love to see him make an appearance in that. 
Here's hoping Ewan gets tapped for an Obi-Wan anthology film. 
Ewan did a great job of Studying Alec. 
You can tell he studied and practiced for his role outside of just memorizing the script. Probably why he was easily the best actor in the prequel trilogy.
Please make an Obi Wan movie with Ewan. Pleassssse
Most definitely. Love this video!
In the interest of maintaining quality/enthusiasm, I'd say a solo movie would be preferable to a trilogy.

THAT said, if they do two flicks, I've got the titles:
1) Obi-Wan Kenobi
2) Ben Kenobi
I think he was awesome and deserves a stand-alone movie, but I don't really see the mannerisms being spot on.
Ewan McGregor is a tribute to our generation, ya nailed it bud!
I don't know why this video made me as emotional as it did? Ewan did an amazing job and is imo a very underrated part of the prequels. Obi Wan Kenobi was awesome!
This is the biggest tragedy of the prequels really. A perfect bit of casting and a fantastic actor almost entirely wasted. 
I always liked his portrayal.  Now I know why.
Yea, no shit. He's doing a little thing called acting, I'm sure you've heard of it.
A lot of you won't like me saying this but I seem to be one of few people who didn't actually like his acting. I recently re-watched ROTS and apart from the final scenes where he is fighting Anakin, his acting seems very wooden. I know he would have had to act in front of blue screens and fake droids/aliens etc. but I've seen other actors do a better job. 
Wow amazing work! Have you made an anakin one?
Is this the one on Ultimaker designed by Jacky Wan? Printed one of these myself a while ago and loved how well it is designed! Link here for those who are curious!
https://ultimaker.com/en/blog/87-3d-printed-lightsaber-design-philosophy-and-printing-tips
Heavy laser cannos 
There is a childhood nostalgia in me that gets weak at the knees seeing things like this in foil .... I think it was all the sticker books I had as a young teenager 
Wish I had something insightful to say - but I just think this looks dope.
Where did you get this? It's really cool!
Ugh, these 2 droids are more competent than the entire Empire on Rebels. Even Thrawn. I like Rebels but there's absolutely zero sense of danger on that show.
If the droid army had been made of the, exclusively, I think it's safe to say, they would have won the war easily 
One of my favorite scenes on the clone wars was the last stand on Ryloth when the clones and their Jedi general (can't remember his name) get gunned down. 
Not because I like the separatists or anything but because it showed that they are fighting a war, both sides take losses and anyone can die. 
Which episode is this from?
Aren't you a little short for a (first order) stormtrooper?

P.S. So cool!!!
He looks like a Lego man 
That second picture looks straight thug hahaha
[Here's probably how they made it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0-xLaQ2rss).
First picture looks like something out of a sitcom
I was excited too
It helps that 99.9999% of the galaxy wasn't there when it went down. That's like the if the president was saying "the secretary of defense and one of the joint chiefs tried to kill me in a foiled coup but luckily I was saved by my secret service agents" when in reality the president had them killed. The average American would believe what was being said because they wouldn't comprehend a larger coup at hand. Now imagine that but instead of America and 300 million people it's a galaxy with trillions. Palpatine was the supreme chancellor and most people looked at him and said "he doesn't look so dangerous" if I told you an old 65 year old jumped around and killed 4 masters in under ten minutes you'd have laughed in my face and sent me home. 
He had guards, and storm troopers and that further sullies their Force powers as charlatans.
His personal secret guard, Darth Vader, intervened at the last minute
He explained all the dead Jedi by saying they were shot. By Clones. At his order. Because they tried to kill him and usurp the Republic. He explains surviving presumably by saying Darth Vader turned on the evil Jedi and saved him
Mace Windu was second to Yoda in authority. It would be assumed that whatever Windu did he also instructed other Jedi to do the same. Besides, at the end of the Clone Wars the Jedi had a horrible public image and Palpatine was viewed as a benevolent leader.
Anakin saved him.
in a galaxy of trillions of people and countless planets, do you think the average joe is gonna know/care about whats happening to the chancellor billions of miles away. I dont think so tbh. Only the wealthy and those on coruscant would really care imho anyway. Like i cant imagine somebody like owen lars giving a fuck about the senate and stuff.
Since his kidnap by Supreme Commander of the Droid Army, General Grievous, he has taken extra security measures and hired a former Jedi, Darth Vader, as his personal bodyguard.

He killed the four Jedi masters and tried to save Anakin Skywalker, who also died. 
How to Eli: Scribble on top of background photo. Quick messy trace of character.  Perfect. 
This one's pretty good. I like his composition. 
Wow, I really like this!
Looks pretty good. Not my favorite style but certainly interesting, and way better than anything I could ever do. 
I wonder how much of that money will come from people thinking this movie is continuing the story of Finn, Rey and Kylo.
Yeah that's nice and all, but how will you truly know how much it makes if, I don't know, you don't sell tickets yet? 

C'mon Disney. You love money. RELEASE THE ~~KRAKEN~~ TICKETS!!
How is this possible when tickets are not available for sale yet?
For everybody in the US waiting for the tickets to go on sale they are gonna be available Monday

Source: Am an AMC Employee and we received an email about it yesterday night
If the annoying tweens that were talking all the way through TFA comparing it to Harry Potter are anything to go by.  Man I was grinding my teeth through that screening.   
I'm not surprised.  Star Wars fans will come out in full...force.
Yeah,  first they'll actually have to put tickets on sale..... Ahem.... /taps foot
Those death troopers look awesome 
How can it be on pace sales wise if it hasn't released yet
Anybody notice that the trooper in this picture is holding a stormtrooper doll?
I don't believe these numbers.  It's like 3 weeks until the movie and we still can't preorder tickets.  This is getting ridiculous.
In your fucking face Disney

Wow, nice.  Which is your favorite?
Impressive... Most impressive
Amazing!
No Wendig?
Wow, fantastic collection! How many of them have you read?
Very Impressive collection. How long have you been collecting these?
wow..first off really jealous. Second, just curious, how much of those books are still canon right now?
Wow amazing!
Correct me if im wrong but i think you are missing the Dark Forces books (the Kyle Katarn stories). I think they should be a part of this collection
I never see them mentioned around here but I would highly recommend Smuggler's Run, Moving Target, and The Weapon of the Jedi. They're shorter but the stories are fun and they're really not written any differently than most other canon novels. Smuggler's Run even has one of the best Imperial characters with Alecia Beck. 
How 'Lost Stars' hasn't been mentioned yet is beyond me.  It is a young adult novel and it necessitates a read.  It is a great book and I've read nothing but praise about it. 
As immportant as the big novels, just shorter.

I would consider Weapon of a Jedi as immportant to Luke's Jedi training as Heir to the Jedi. If you've read Twilight Company, Moving Target follows it up well and connected it to RotJ. Smugler's run is fun, if you like Han and Chewie.

There are also 5 of them about characters from Rebels, 4 about Zare Leonis (Imperial academy cadet from Season 1) before, during and after Season 1 and one about Ezra and Bossk before Season 1.
This site helped me a lot when it came to keeping track of canon recently. Never read junior novels, but I haven't heard anything bad about them.

http://www.theymightbegeeks.com/star-wars-canon-timeline-release-dates/
I enjoyed Finn's arc in Before the Awakening. I recommend checking that out. 
He looks hangry :P
It wasn't intended to hint at what would happen, so by definition it's not foreshadowing. It's a cautionary sign to Luke.

I am guessing people who think it's foreshadowing are interpreting his head in the helmet to mean that he will become Vader and that it is only possible because he's his son. But that doesn't make a lot of sense. And it never happened so it still isn't foreshadowing.
[They've also got the year *The Empire Strikes Back* was released as 1990](https://s19.postimg.org/5ckhsnun7/Screen_Shot_2016_11_23_at_9.jpg).
Luke's entire arc in ESB is about how he is making the mistakes that lead one down the path to the Dark Side. He lets himself be ruled by emotion, he acts without clear thought on the consequences, he is in a rush to get power to save his friends, and he disobeys both his teachers to confront a Dark Lord of the Sith without completing his training. The movie even ends with him getting a cybernetic replacement hand, becoming "more machine" the same way Anakin did.    
   
And *that's* why it's foreshadowing, the scene in the cave. Luke is following the path to the Dark Side like his father before him, and Yoda/Obi-Wan/the Force itself are warning him against it by showing what he could become (a less than human servant of the Emperor). Why would Luke see himself in Vader? Because Vader is his father and Luke is making the same type of mistake that lead Vader to become Vader in the first place.   
   

It's the force giving him a speed bump, telling him to slow down amd watch what he's doing before he becomes like his daddy.
it's definitely foreshadowing. It complicates the "Luke Skywalker" presented to us by A New Hope: i.e., the upbeat rebel farmboy with heart of gold who saves the galaxy. It shows that the dark side is in Luke as well. And hints towards Vader's connection with Luke.
It's not foreshadowing anything it shows Luke beating his inner enemy. 
Dude, no one really knows for sure what that scene was. 
This is a comment section, isn't it? I comment.
I rebel.
Amazing talent! Everything is just perfect.
Damn that's epic , I love the eyes 
Very nice. And thanks for spelling Rogue correctly.
That's really good!
Astonishing!!! As a fellow drawer I love seeing these type of posts :)
good freaking job
"Braaaaaaainssss"
I rebal. 




Wow, amazing.
Well, was half way through Catalyst...now I know who Jyn is. Thanks. 
I hope so, Commander, for your sake. 

The Emperor is not as forgiving as I am.
This is for USA?
Is there a standardised time for ticket sales all over America? Here in Ireland my local cinema started selling yesterday.
I have heard from a similar source that the 25th is the day for my local cinema in Australia.
Are you able to tell if there will be thursday night showings?




I bought my tickets on the 21.. Surprised that the US puts them on sale later. 
Are those cheap ticket prices to anyone else? It costs $12 at my theater for any adult ticket for 2D
According to my local theater they're going on sale tomorrow (Friday November 25th)  I wonder if it's up to the theater chain. 
What time zone are you in? And is this meaning 1 minute after Sunday night? 
I don't know if they watched all the star wars...
What part, the sex with your sister, or bearing a child by a ewok
Ah, you've found Luke Lannister.
My lord, is that... legal?
Funny every week
I have Vader and Leia as the parents and then two little Leias and a Luke as the kids.  Not sure if that is worse or better :P
Leia is a time traveler, who somehow adopted herself and her brother who, although are twins, happen to be a couple years apart? And they adopted Wicket?

Well, it was a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away. I'd chalk this up to the realm of possibility.
It's not legal to have a pet where you live? I'm not sure what you're driving at here.
That isn't an Ewok. That's Finn the human.
This seems to be an ongoing mystery dating back to even 2005. After some googling it seems like no one knows who played her.
Of all the "mysteries" that have popped up on here, this one actually has some real investigation that needs to be done. Have you tried reaching out to the people at Lucasfilm? I have no idea if he would know, but Pablo Hidalgo is pretty accessible on twitter, so he might be a good place to start. If he doesn't know, maybe he can point you to someone who might...
I remember reading somewhere that she was somehow related to someone working on the film through marriage or something and got a cameo part. And that she worked 
as a model in like Australia but never acted.

No idea how true that is but it was on TheForce.net forums a decade or so ago.
>[Lost an actor Master OolasBF has. How embarrassing.](http://www.starwarz.com/tbone/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/537.jpg)
There's a ton of unidentified extras in the Star Wars movies. The only reason anyone cares about Koyi Mateil in particular is because she has a big old pair of Death Stars hanging off her chest, admit it.
RIP Lt. Treidum.  You gave me my username.  :-)
The Star Wars Minute guys are going to be so sad :(
The stormtrooper who bonked his head on the lowered door in Ep 4 passed away recently too.
Awww :(
At his post to the very end. RIP.
When I was making my account I was thinking of the name I used or another pun based on TK-421 (I'll give you a cookie if you can guess what it is). 

This is a bummer most major. 
[news]
I feel like that the shot of the ship is from another fan film with a different coloration on the planet. I'm pretty sure I've seen it before, could just be imagining things. 
I'm playing KOTOR right now. My character is male (so am I),  but you have the option to be a female in the game. I've already found out that you are Darth Revan, so what's the deal with that? Is he a male or female?
I called the theater and asked them (knowing that I was holding ten tickets in my hand) if Rogue One tickets were available. They said no. I then laid my cards (tickets) on the table and they said that they would get a manager. The manager comes on the phone and says that I must have walked up and asked, and bought the tickets during a "five minute" window between when the dates/times/prices were added to the software, but before they locked them out of being sold. I am personally pretty sure that the "five minutes" was prolly much longer, but any half competent supervisor (at being presented with proof that such a situation existed, with little to no way to prove how long it lasted) would have called it "five minutes long", no matter how long ago the data was entered, and was prolly making sure to "lock it out of being sold" while on the phone with me. Anyway, he did say that the tickets should be available for presale next week, but when I asked precisely when, he said that he didn't have a definite answer. Oh, well. Apologies to all. 


**TL;DR** I thought I made the discovery for a large chunk of the community to get some kind of head start, but come to find out, I just happened to ask before it was locked out of being sold, but after the data had been entered into the system. 
Yeah I think everyone already realized it was a fluke.
I've never heard it called a fan theory. It's actually stated in the film. 
It's people who haven't actually recently watched ANH who are perpetuating this myth. Disregard these lies as rebel propaganda, and nothing more.
> I find it quite annoying how people seem to think Stormtroopers actually can't hit anything

People say that because despite the tiny scenes that say otherwise about storm troopers (letting them go, too precise for sand people etc) there's 3 movies in which they proceed to not hit anything
Well I think it depends on the scene. Up until a certain point, I think the stormtroopers were shooting to kill. There was no knowledge of the invaders until they revealed themselves while rescuing Leia from her cell. I think once they were in the trash compactor, word must have gotten out that there were rebels trying to help the princess escape. At that point, I would like to think that Vader/Tarkin hashed up their little plan to let them escape. However, in the same [scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgxEy89qlDM) that Vader tells Tarkin about Obi-Wan's presence, Tarkin gets notified of the princess's escape from her cell. Vader says, "Escape is not his plan," and storms out of the room. So who really knows when they decided to let them escape.
Probably because very few people remember the small 8 second scenes where they talk about the tracker and how easy the escape was. Those scenes are just following the first ever light saber duel and the death of Ben, so I doubt people focus on the dialog after that. Just my fan theory about a not-so-fan-theory fan theory. 
(Excuse my massive typos incoming, working with a broken keyboard)

Ther's a little discrepncy with the film vs the fans when it comes to the theory. Many times it's used to explain why the Stormtroopers miss when they'r stated as being accurate earlier in the film. "Blastpoints, too precise", etc. This I simply don't believe at all.\

HOWEVER, it's also painfully obviousy that they WERE being allowed to escape once they leav the hangar, becaus no turrets shoot at them, and only 4 fighters give chase.

So, ther's a timelin of events and plans.

1) Leia orderd to be executed bcause she won't give in to torture and reval the hiddn base.  
2) Our heroes arrive.  
3) Their rescu attempt is found out. Orders come in to kill them, capture if possible most likely. (More prisonrs always good for information)  
4) A tracking beacon is put on the Falcon for SOME reason. Possibly after thy lost them in th trash compactor and thought they might escape, or thy planned to launch it adrift and see who would pick it up. (Plan for everything and you can never fail)   
5) Evryone gets to the ship to escape. Vader orders Tarkin not to shoot it with turbolasers and only send 4 fighters out to strafe it (maybe see if they'll surrender but he doubts they will at this point). "I'm taking an awful risk, Vader."  
6) Tracking beacon plan works. It was either try that out, or blow them up and lose their chance at fighting the rebel base.
It's probably because of RotJ. AFAIK there isn't a good reason that they are beaten so easily by a bunch of teddy bears. 
Because these "fans" don't know the movie as well as they think they do. It's like saying Obi-Wan was Vader's master is a fan theory.
Its not stated. Its alluded to by other evidence.

Meanwhile luke has put on a stormtrooper helmet and commented how he cant see anything with it on.

So both possibilities are viable.
Because these "fans" havnt really watched the movie. 
The Ewok comments in this thread are pure gold. "Savage" -- "brutal" -- "vicious."

Who knew that these hilarious little comic relief teddy bears who bounce rocks off stormtroopers and do funny pratfalls were actually the equivalent to the xenomorph from Alien. 

ETA: "Star Wars version of Vietnam"! My sides!
the "Fan" part of the theory is that they were letting the heroes go/intentionally missing them in all of the movies, not just in ANH.
That voice over work still gets me. It's sounds like something out of South Park.
I love how it's all focused on the droid 
Remember their charge against the gungans in episode I? They seem more than capable of it. 
In episode I when they menacingly (lol pun) marched toward the Gungans they fired fast as crap
According to the book "Ultimate Star Wars," the E-5 Blaster has a continuous-fire trigger as well as a single-fire one. 
I think it's part of the "charge" program, it would help break a defence line or formation,
Seems to me the fire rates changed from episode to episode in the clone wars.  Sometimes they were submachine guns, sometimes they were like M1 garand fire rate.  That episode was definitely a full auto blasters episode.
Well droids would have super fast reflexes. Since they're so skinny, it makes sense for them to compensate by being fast shots. 
I don't know, the flashback scene from the original Terminator, those bigs sons of bitches were firing away..
Shot Kyle Reece up something pretty good 
Probably illegal, but the empire is more than willing to bend the rules when it suits their interest. 

Also, in ESB it seems like even when they are really in need of bounty hunters they still don't like it very much
I would think bounty hunting at its core would be legal. A bounty hunter is simply a person who captures criminals/fugitives wanted by the government for payment. They're contractors. Yes, there are some who work for criminals themselves like Jabba, but I would think some would only take Imperial (government) contracts. 
I've never read any source claiming that their duty is illegal. In many cases, it seems to be an honorable or respectable profession. They seem to be something like private police of the Galaxy. They're not exactly "liked," but their duties are very important: they bring in criminals.

Who's a criminal is where the line gets blurry. It seems to depend on what laws the one who hires the bounty hunter needs to follow. To the Empire, Jedi need to be brought in. To the Hutt Cartel, Solo needs to be arrested. 

To give a real-life hypothetical example, let's imagine a bounty hunter who somehow captures Osama bin Laden in pre-9/11 Afghanistan. Under Taliban law Osama was not a terrorist, but an idol. Claiming or filing a bounty on him is, in their laws, a crime. The West, however, would legally respect the right to hunt such a criminal. While the bounty hunter may be breaking an Afghan law, he or she would be compensated well if Osama was captured in the West.

So there you have it: the filer of the contract follows laws that perhaps the hunted does not. The bounty Hunter's reputation as a resident of the underworld is merely a product of needing to being in some of its residents.

TL;DR: Legality is in the eye of the beholder.
One thing that's always annoyed me is that bounty hunters are treated like mercs, when they aren't. Espicially in TCW.
When we talk about bounty hunters in Star Wars, we really are putting the characteristics of two or three jobs together and calling it the wrong thing. Bounty hunters track down people, usually fugitives, and ring them back for money. What we often see bounty hunters do in Star Wars is act as assassins and mercenaries. They kill people for money or act as soldiers for hire. So, if we are actually talking about bounty hunting, then yes, it's probably legal. If we are talking about assassins, probably not. If we are talking about mercenaries, maybe, maybe not. It depends on who they are working for and what they are doing. 
It probably completely depends on who is hiring them.  If the Empire is hiring them, then its is legal and fine, if its was someone who was hired by an outside party and is going against the interest of the "ruling government" (Empire or the Republic) then I'm sure they would not be okay with it and they would take the bounty hunter down.
The profession is legal. Government bounties would be legal but personal bounties would be illegal. So for example, in the Wild West of the US, a bounty hunter, which is essentially a US Marshall now, we're given a list of criminals and other people the US wanted dead or alive. In Star Wars the same applies. The Republic or Empire or some planetary government would offer a bounty on some criminal. 

If it's a personal bounty, like 2 guys playing Sabacc and one cheats then the other guy places a bounty on the cheater would be illegal. It wasn't an official and legal government bounty and the guy didn't do anything illegal. So a bounty hunter killing a guy for something personal like that would be illegal.
Imperial March confirmed, nice
So there *is* going to be some sort of opening fanfare at the start of the movie. I'm guessing we'll get "A long time ago..." followed by an updated STAR WARS logo (akin to the new Marvel Studios opening logo) that then fades to black....

Then the movie proper starts. The title ROGUE ONE is only shown at the very end. Cut to credits.
Four and a half weeks to write it? That doesn't seem like much time. 
That being said, I'm unbelievably hyped for this score and have complete faith in Giacchino. He's an amazing composer who knows the original scores inside out, but isn't afraid to do his own style (in the article he says about 95% original, non-Williams score). Can't wait to hear it! 
As long as our Empire's march is included
I was really impressed with this interview, very much looking forward to the score. Seems like they picked the perfect guy for it, based off his previous works and love of the genre.
The film opens with a slow imperial march as we zoom out to see a dead eye of a rebel soldier...and we notice a red light shining on his face...and we hear in the breathing of darth vader
The Jedi aren't really about having other sects for powerful practitioners of the force. They're a centralised religion with a Grand Master, which was Luke Skywalker. 

The Church of the Force is a separate religious order in the light side, but does not practice the force to the same extent as the Jedi because if they found someone powerful enough they'd give them to the Jedi. 
As far as we know, no. They're all dead again.
No. I'm pretty sure Kylo and the Knights of Ren killed any Jedi students.
Well that particular comic takes place between episodes IV and V. So there would be no active schools since Luke and Yoda are all that's left of the Jedi. Luke won't create his school until sometime after episode VI. And while we don't know the events that lead to it's destruction we can assume that it was the only Jedi school in existence. And since canon doesn't yet extend beyond the events of VII we don't know much else. 
That comic is barely 20 years after Order 66. Luke is barely a Jedi in it.

But to actually answer your question, no. We really don't know. The movies haven't touched on Luke's post-ROTJ story, and until they do we can't expect anything else in canon to touch on that story either. 
I'd love to see the founding of Rogue Squadron. Also seems like a natural follow up.
Lobot: A Star Wars Story

Or maybe an ugnaught adventure
I wouldn't be opposed to one focusing on the imperial side of things. a look inside the imperial military after the Death Star's destruction. Maybe focus on a few pov imperial officers and pilots and storm troopers. Idk I'm tired of seeing everything from the rebels perspective. I want to see what the 'bad guys' are thinking, and maybe prove that not all imperials are bad. 

Oh, I'd love to see one where Han and Chewie return to Chewie's home on Kashyyyk and we get to meet his family. Maybe they could get some big-name actors to show up in it, too - maybe even some popular comedians/musicians. Think, they could even include an animated segment and introduce Boba Fett!

And since it seems like all the new films are coming out around the end of their given year, maybe they could make it holiday themed haha. Like a Star Wars Holiday Special. Wouldn't everyone love to see that?
The encounter with that bounty hunter on Ord Mantell. 
Vader searching for a Star Destroyer to make contact with. For two and a half hours. Call it *Stranded in Space: A Star Wars Story*.
TBH, would rather have a standalone film featuring a clone protagonist during the Clone Wars.  The period between IV and V is already being told through the comics.  
Palpatine 
I'm not sure they would do a movie during this time mostly because they seem to be filling the gap with the comics and novels. That being siadm I'd like to see Han's bounty hunter encounter on Ord Mantell (although I have a feeling we will see this in the Star Wars comics and it would be hard to do that film without young Harrison Ford) or the reason why Vader tells Boba Fett "no disintegrations" (although I'm not sold on a Boba Fett centered film and theres a possible explanation for that line in the Darth Vader comics).

I have one more idea, but it's pretty far out there. What if there was a story focused on Obi-Wan after he became one with the Force? At this point, Obi-Wan and Qui-Gon are the only ones to have retained their consciousness after death, so maybe theres some sort of supernatural story that could focus on them in some capacity. I have no idea what it would be exactly, it's a thought...
Honestly I think they could pull off a Shadows of the Empire analog without having all the original characters. It wouldn't be easy, but god damned that was such a cool story, what with the Black Sun Syndicate and all. It would be fucking awesome to have Dash Rendar be canon again.
maybe a live action movie for the Ghost crew or a film from the empires point of view 
Man, what I wouldn't do to be able to go back in time and stop Lucas from coming up with the idea to make Vader into Luke's dad to see how the movies would've turned out if they were just a bunch of fun, swashbuckling adventures just vaguely connected to one another, rather than the hyper-dramatic, Vader-centric trilogy we wound up with (not that I'm suggesting those pulpy films would've been better, but it would be interesting to see how the films would've turned out if they were all more like Splinter in the Mind's Eye rather than The Empire Strikes Back.)

That said, if we're just talking about a one-off between Star Wars and Empire, I'd just have a fun flick about Han, Leia and Luke trying to lure a bunch of space pirate buddies of Han's to join the Rebellion, all while the Rebels are quietly establishing the base on Hoth.

Maybe take a cue from the radio dramas and show how the post-Death Star crackdown on the Rebellion is kicking the Rebels' asses and how much the Rebellion needs some help establishing the Hoth base, which results in the main gang bopping around a few star systems looking for help while Luke is fussing around with his lightsaber and trying to summon the spirit of Ben Kenobi again.

Of course, this all ends up attracting the attention of one of Jabba's bounty hunters (Boba Fett?) on the deep-space pirate colony of Ord Mantell, which Han, Leia, Luke, Chewie and the droids barely escape from with life and limbs intact.
I think a Boba Fett movie would tie in well for Empire. Maybe even the Land film including the take over of cloud city
splinter of the mind's eye lmao
I think the obvious choices would be either watching Bothans die or Ackbar and his Mon Cal joining the Rebellion.

Boba Fett backstory
I love this so much
I'm not sure you can base an entire movie off of it, but Lando losing the Falcon to Han would be fun to see
I think Han meeting Chewie would be a great way to start the movie. We also have to see the Kessel Run happen happen in 14 parsecs, I mean 12. 
I've never thought of Han as a mystery-driven character (like, say, Boba Fett before Episode II). The guy seems only too eager to tell people about his past exploits, and personally, I've enjoyed reading books on the very subject.
If they can somehow cram in how Han won the Falcon, met Chewie, and made the Kessel Run, I think they could make a pretty incredible movie.
"How I Met Your Wookie". Sounds like an excellent spin-off show.
Try the Han Solo Legends books. They go into his youth, but add more mystery to make up for what they dispel. Also the writing style is top notch. 
Well back in the Expanded Universe Han saved Chewie while working for the Empire (Chewie was an unruly slave that Han was supposed to skin and kill) after which Chewie swore him a life debt and became his sidekick.
Eh, I'd love to see some exploration of Corellia, given how significant it's been to the lore (both canon and legends). Young Solo could be a good vehicle for that.
i wonder if emilia clarke is the one playing young chewie...
I felt the same way about a Han movie when it was first announced.  But I thought about it, and he's the only (main) character with a background full of stories worth telling.  Leia's life might be okay, but it would be more like a crime drama than star wars.  Luke's life would be interesting to hear about... But I don't think there is anything in there for a movie.  I guess a little T-16s and womprat hunting, but really it would be him complaining and jerking off to blocked holo channels (remember how surprised he was when he saw the princess holo?  I bet you 1000 credits he jerked it to that before R2 went missing.  
I just don't want them to make Han a good guy. It will weaken his story arc in A New Hope. He should be a sleazeball and a con artist. 

Or perhaps he ends up saving the day but by accident. He was trying to save his own ass. I'd love to see him save Chewies life by total accident, just trying to save himself or make money, and Chewie gets saved and owes him his life. 
I have a bad feeling about this.

I feel like they're going to make Chewie a very small part of the Solo movie for some reason.
How I met your Chewie.

- Haave you met Han?
How he met Lando, how he got the Falcon, how he got in with Jabba, the time he dropped Jabba's shipment (that got him in so much hot water) The "Sana Situation," his first smuggling job, The Kessel Run...
As star wars has taught us, sometimes a vague backstory where the viewers fill in the blanks is better than a detailed explanation. 
One name: Bria.
Didn't Chewie have a life-debt to Han? Maybe Han saved him from some slavers or something.
This winter coming soon to TBS

How I Met Your Wookie.
Needs a tv series.
How I met your wookiee. 
I'm going with he wins the Falcon from Lando, stumbles into saving Chewie and has to haul balls to save his own hide, thus making the Kessell Run in 14 parsecs.  Emilia is a love interest that meets an unfortunate end thus making him even more jaded and selfish.  Movie ends with Han and Chewie chilling in their apartment on a previously unseen planet playing some 3D chess.
It's kind of an interesting thought that I've had now that we're going to be getting a bunch of anthology films. Should the anthology films keep the saga movies "secrets" or is it okay to go deeper since basically all of us have seen the saga more times than we can count.

For example, I've heard (and agree) that Han's arc in ANH is perfect. We don't need to know what happened to him before that. Well, is that still true? Will the Han Solo movie affect your opinion of ANH? Will is *change* ANH in any way?

Honestly I'm not too sure, but I'm beginning to lean towards the idea that the anthology movies shouldn't be overly concerned with the saga movies. This is a new era of Star Wars and there's really no option other than to embrace it.
I think a lot of people don't realize what they want until they get it. I've seen a lot of people complaining about the Han Solo prequel but I'm optimistic that you people will be eating those words when the movie actually comes out.

There's probably lots of things from Han's past that you would enjoy seeing but since you, and many others, are adament that his mystery is what is important then you are against the idea. 
How about his story of making the Kessel Run in less than 12 parsecs?
Unpopular opinion:  I don't want this movie to answer any questions about Han Solo.  I don't need to know how he met Chewbacca, I don't need to know how he got the Falcon from Lando.  Give me a story that is not any sort of 'origin' film.
We already know it. Well we did, who knows what it is now...:(
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Han_Solo_Trilogy

The book trilogy is really good.  Tells you everything you want to know about Han like meeting Chewie and running the Kessel run in  under 12 parsecs.  The star wars universe has hundreds of books. The movies have chosen not to really follow them but it's a lot of fun to read anyway.
completely agree.  I don't think this movie needs to be made in the least.  it's just a cash grab.
I would like to see Han and Chewie, swindles galore, and an encounter with Greedo. And I really want to see Corellia, especially the seedier side of it.
I wonder if in the movie they will have Indiana Jones discovering the remains of the Millennium falcon. Wouldn't that be fun ;)
He adopted him from a shelter.

I'd be interested in knowing how Han won the Falcon off Lando.
In the "legends" Han was an imperial officer and refused to execute a wookie prisoner and then chewie swore a life debt to him.
I completely concur 
I hope hans movie isnt any specific story, and is a little more mundane. One heist, no huge battles, no major connections to the other films

EDIT
it could be kind of like oceans 11 in space
In the old Expanded Universe, Han was a rising Imperial officer and Chewie was a Wookiee slave. Han saw Chewie and a bunch of other Wookiees in chains and being beaten, and he objected to the point of freeing them. It got him a dishonorable discharge from the Empire and a life debt from Chewie. At first, Han hated it, because all he wanted to do after losing his entire career was drink and forget, but Chewie wouldn't leave him alone. Their friendship grew from there.

Personally, I'd love to see that movie, but it's probably too dark for Disney. And I say that as someone who likes Disney.
I think you could run a movie with 3 acts, of the following:
1. Han in the corellian military earning his bloodstripes
2. Han leaving the military, winning the falcon from Lando
3. Han rescuing Chewie from trandoshan slavers, and the movie ends with the two of them about to head off on an adventure of some sort

EDIT: Who am i kidding, in this day and age i just described a series of 9 movies
Think they'll go the Imperial deserter route?
I think start the film off with Han doing some shady smuggler work for the empire, and along the way meeting chewie and saving his life, thereby showcasing how Han is a dodgy character, but good guy on the inside. Chewie owes a life debt to Han and accompanies him on his next endeavours. 

Along the way Han wins the Falcon from Lando. 

The final part of the film is Han and Chewie using the Falcon to do a dangerous smuggling mission which inlvolves doing the kessel run in less than 12 parsecs. Maybe it didn't actually do it in less than 12, but Han knows no one can dispute the claim so he goes with it anyway.

Edit: thinking about it more, I really hope they make young Han out to be a nasty character that you really despise, and toward the end of the film you can see him starting to develop into a good guy. I think that would actually enhance his character in the later story for me
When Solo met Chewie
There are so many ways that could go wrong. I'd rather not be told. 
Or how he met Lando, how he got the falcon, how he met Jabba the Hut, etc. . . 
We got everything from Han's background we needed. Anything else is just fluff to put asses in seats. With that said I'll probably be renting it at redbox unless it does really well.
You don't want to hear more about the famous Kessel Run?
Imagine the dialogue.

*Han sarcasticly remarks about his poor luck*

CHEWIE: RAWRGLGRGLWAGWLRALGRRAAELW

The whole movie would be 2 hours of this. But I would still see it.
I just want Hando to be in the movie.
> Just my two cents. Any other thoughts? 

Other thoughts: We get it, /r/starwars doesn't want a Han Solo movie. Your echo in the echo chamber has echoed. *Yay*?

In a subreddit where people won't STFU about all the other stories that could be told, in a world where people won't STFU about super hero movies and how they ought to make a spy movie and a drama movie and a horror movie using Marvel characters, **I** say that it's possible someone could make a Han Solo movie that I would enjoy, and I'm a little fucking tired of hearing about how the rest of you hate the idea. **I get it already.** Note that I too would enjoy an Obi Wan Kenobi movie, but guess what they could make both!
As much as I love Wookies and I love making the Chewbacca sound to annoy my family if we get a movie where most of the dialogue is Han talking and then Shrywook we can't understand I'll go fucking nuts (in a bad way) but maybe that's just larma.
I figured han saved chewie from being a slave and now serves as his copilot as a life debt
That's probably going to be part of whatever movie Disney makes about han. Stuff like that kinda writes itself and that's exactly what Disney wants since they're making a Star Wars movie every year.
How did Han Solo meet Chewbacca?
The novel The Hutt Gambit explains that Chewie and Solo first meet when Solo, a lieutenant in the Imperial Navy, finds him unconscious aboard a slave ship. Solo's commanding officer orders him to skin Chewie, but Solo refuses and rescues the helpless prisoner. Upon regaining consciousness, Chewie swears a "life-debt" to Solo, and the two become business partners and best friends.

Emelia Clarke is chewy in this movie
While I'm curious about things like this, there is a part of me that feels like it's better in my imagination and everyone probably has their own unique idea of how it happened. I would love an original story that wasn't held up trying to stay true to the restrictions of canon 
Someone had posted this previously, but I liked the idea. What if Chewy was more like Han's father? He finds him as an abandoned youngster and adopts him. 
> I am a HUGE fan of Han, but I believe part of his mystery is what makes him so good. The more they explore his character, the more that mystery goes away.

Would perfectly fit on Boba too, if you ask me.
I wouldn't mind seeing him beating lando in whatever bet he won the Millennium falcon in but all in all I would've preferred they didn't make this movie at all 
Would like to see him racing on Corellia and beating Dengar, would be a good story, having the viewer question Han's morals and if Dengar truly is a bad guy.
In the extended universe, didn't Han save from Chewie from being skinned while serving in the Imperial navy?
What was the cargo he dropped that caused Jabba to hate him? How is Boba Fett connected to him?
While not quite referencing what you posted, the Han Solo series by Marvel is really good reading.
A buddy cop type movie where a rogue space-pirate ends up developing an unikely friendship with a walking carpet wuold be amazing
Chewie better be in the movie. I really don't care about this Young Han movie though. I really just don't care at  all. Which is unusual for me and Star Wars
I just want to see the retaking of Coruscant by the little guys of the rebellion. No main 3
How I Met Your Wookie
Me and my girlfriend were just thinking about that this weekend.  It's a great idea I hope they make a movie containing the info. 
I want them to confirm the whole Kessel run thing about how he did it in XX parsecs. 

Fan theory is its a run around a black hole meaning most shops have to stay further away as they are travelling at speeds where closer they would be sucked in. The Falcon is so fast he could run closer to the event horizon and not be sucked in. 
History with Lando or Jabba or the Falcon...
Did he actually make the Kessel Run? 
Something tells me the movie will have him already established as good friends with Lando, they will together somehow save chewie and for some reason have to make the kessel run

I still don't really like the idea of this movie. But more Lando is always good, also plz young Nien Nunb
I'd love it if they avoided all dramatic irony and just told a Han Solo story that has nothing to do with the stories we know, or think we know.  

Han Solo and Lando Calrissian in The Sting, but on a galactic scale.
It would be nice if they followed the Han solo trilogy from back in the 80s. It covers a lot of their back story. The first in the series was Han solo at stars end.
Boba Fett and Han were partners but had conflict over what should be done with the wookie. Han chose Chewie creating a fissure between himself and the bounty hunter.
I'm curious if they'll keep with the old non-canon way of how Han and Chewie met, or if they'll come up with a completely different way
"Life Debt"
or maybe they will show how he betted and won the Millennium Falcon from Lando, briefly mentioned in ESB. And of course Kessel Run in less than twelve parsecs sequence.Yeah, I know he was bullshitting, but cool to see in the movie.
A.C. Crispin. Done. /thread
I kinda disagree. Chewie is a great character in moderate doses. But at the end of the day he's a character who doesn't talk. Don't really want to watch an entire movie just based on that.
the kessel run in 8 parsecs!?
If you add in how Han and Lando met, how Han got the Falcon, and Han's upbringing (if he ever attended the Imperial academy, like he did in legends) I'd like to know all that stuff as well. Also, add in the Kessel Run. I want to see it and what it's all about!
In the Thrawn trilogy they briefly talk about all of these things. Han saved Chewbacca from slavery and that's why Chewie is always with him because he owes him a life debt. (They only talk about this very briefly). 

They also talk about how Han got the Millennium Falcon by beating Lando. Lando didn't offer up the Millennium falcon, just "one of his ships" not expecting him to know about the Falcon.  (Yet again they barely talked about this)
I agree, seeing how he met Chewie would be cool. Personally though I've always been intrigued with what happened between he and the rest of the gang and that bounty hunter on Ord Mantell.
I love Han Solo. He is my favorite character of any franchise. Last night, while watching ESB, I was thinking about that line where Chewie growls something to Han and he responds with, "that was a long time ago. I'm sure he's forgotten all about that." 

I think Han is a character that doesn't need a backstory to be entertaining, but having one told doesn't hurt his character at all. I think having a film where we see that some of the stories he's told are exaggerated would make a great story. We learn that some are true, some aren't, and we are left wondering about the ones not addressed.

I recommend checking out the Han Solo trilogy. Sure, it's Legends but it is such a fun series of books if you love Han Solo.
I kind of want them to bond to something as simple as a common food or drink. Then everything continues from there. Either that or they were childhood buddies 
Coming this fall to ABC: How I Met Your Wookie
I can see what you mean. I wouldn't mind I little insight into him. But I agree that it would be cool to leave some mystery there. That being said I do want to see him and Chewy bond
I seem to remember something to do with a life debt. But I could be mistaken.
$10 says the movie is going to have to do with getting the falcon from Lando and meeting chewie, as well as his storied past with women and the empire. 

It won't be about any single thing. 
I agree with the mystery part. I do not want to see a new cast as these classic characters. It would be fun to have seen Han and Lando tell these stories in a bar with friends.
I think they could turn it into something interesting if Han was working for the Empire and he sees the Wookies enslaved. I'd image he'd feel disgusted, free Chewie, and somewhere along the way he meets Lando and wins the Falcon. 
Can I get an Amen?!
Idk, he's not particularly mysterious. The allure of his character comes more from how blunt he is in social situations.
Not at all interested in this story.  I want this to be left to everyone's imagination 
I want to see Han first doing business with Jabba, and Jabba shown in a light where he seems like a guy who you'd actually want to work for. We got a glimmer of that in the docking bay scene from A New Hope, but imagine Jabba like Albert Brooks in Drive. You really want to like him, but you know there's a violent criminal streak just under the surface.

Plus, gimme Simon Pegg as live-action Dengar.

Also, what does it look like to make The Kessel Run?
According to the han solo trilogy, he rescued him from imperial slavery.  Also made the 12 parsec Kessel run on accident, and won the falcon from Holo cards
*SPOILERS*I recently finished the Thrawn trilogy and when he tells Chewie it's been great and he's gonna have to watch over the twins, hit me right in the feels.
It's going to be some variation of the 'lion with the thorn in his paw' thing right?
I had a trilogy of Han Solo and Chewie stories years back by Brian Daley, all three stories were pretty damned good. No idea if Stars End/Corporate Sector Authority will factor into the new movie, but I think a pair of freighter bums bouncing around the galaxy has near-endless possibilities.
I have a bad feeling about this movie
That and him getting the Falcon. I mean, what else is there to know? I guess how he became a smuggler...
Completely areed
I don't know, I think I would be interested in the kessel run. I really feel like a Han Solo movie is a wasted opportunity though. They could have done so many other things instead. 
#Spoiler?
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

I loved randomly meeting Han and Chewie in the prison barge story in the Death Troopers book.                  ^
IDK.... unless the trailer just blows me away, I have zero interest in Han's backstory. Least favorite SW character.
I don't particularly care about there being some sort of "mystery" to him, I just liked that he wasn't all that important until he carelessly took on an elderly Jedi, two droids, and a farmboy as passengers. He was some space dude doing some space things - smuggling things. I didn't need to know more about his backstory.

That doesn't mean it needs to stay unknown, or anything, just that I was never frothing at the mouth to learn how Han learned how to consistently fail to jump to lightspeed.
Isn't there already a story to that? Or was that fan fiction?
I don't want any kind of origin story for han/chewie, han/lando, hand/lando/falcon. I just want a movie about a Han Solo that happens to be younger.
I think it's implied in the movies that Han has had previous encounters and dealings with Jabba the Hutt and Boba Fett. And perhaps Greedo too. 

I'm not particularly interested in a movie about Han. I would rather Disney back a film about Kenobi.
I think it's in the now non-canon book "death troopers"
Han's character isn't supposed to be a mystery. I really don't get why people keep saying this. First it started with Boba which I can understand, but now it carried over to other characters, and everyone keeps saying every character needs to be mysterious.
I agree. And also how he got the falcon from lando. 
Read the ham solo series of books. They are amazing
No matter who's directing, this being a Harrison Ford character I can only picture Chewie playing the role of Short Round from Indiana Jones as they build up their relationship. 
Pretty sure it happened when Han won the Falcon from Lando in a card game
The Han Solo trilogy is a good starting point if you want extended universe.  I know it's not canon but that's about the only story that exists. Audible.com has them I think 
Thank god more imaginative people are writing the movies.
I have never been a big fan of Steve Jobs, but one thing that he said really stuck with me: "A lot of times, people don't know what they want until you show it to them." It is so true. I take more pleasure in discovering something that I never knew that I wanted.
I'd say the reason you don't see a need for telling Han Solo stories is that his character in the movies is fairly two dimensional, as written. There's really not any hint that he had an exceptional life before Mos Eisley, and his character arc across three movies doesn't seem that big.
The problem I have with Han Solo being the star of one (possibly more) spin-off movie/s is that his character arc takes place in the Star Wars OT.  As a result, we kind of put that character into a particular box for any story that takes place prior to A New Hope.  I'm excited for the Han Solo movie because Star Wars but I don't think he is a character that needs a spin-off.
RemindMe! In two years "to ask this guy about han solo's movie"
I want to see how he got mixed up smuggling for galactic crime lords and how he came to be on the run from Jabba the Hutt.
I remember seeing somewhere, and I can't remember if it's canon or not, however I believe Han originally was a stormtrooper or something and Chewie was a prisoner of the Empire and they escaped together.

It may have been a fan made comic but I can't remember.
In the book "dark trooper" han and chewie were on a prison barge and a disease broke out turning storm troopers in to zombies. Chewie got the disease and han inoculated him and save his life. 
If I recall, wasn't there a scrapped Kashyyyk scene in Revenge of the Sith where Chewbacca would be with a young Han? I always thought that idea was cool, Han growing up with Chewie, practically being an honorary Wookiee.
Dash please
I was always hoping the Han Solo story would be him as. 13 year old with chewie as his car taker of sorts 
I'm more interested in a movie about what happend AFTER their meeting.

 As explored in the old novel Death Troopers, they get stuck in a prison transporter, ( freeing Wookieslaves is not well received by the Empire) and then a zombie outbreak happens.


I want that movie.
That would be nice. There's a book series about that, although you could argue if it's cannon or not. 
Pretty sure it was confirmed early on that this would be a big part of the movie.  But that was before it was even cast.  Like March?
* Han earning the nickname 'Slick'
* Han meeting Chewie
* Han winning the Falcon
* The Kessel Run

If I don't get 3/4 of these (and the first one is really the only one that I can live without since it isn't technically canon anymore...) I'll be more than a little annoyed.

Touching on Bloodstripes would be cool; and wouldn't be too hard since the way he met Chewie kinda involved his military service (also not canon anymore :( ).
Maybe a movie where he meets Chewie ending in Lando losing the falcon
Is no one going to want to see the Han and Leia love scene? And by love, I mean sex.
This is literally like the least interesting thing for me. Please just start the movie and they are friends already....
What if they shit on the origin and make Han a bounty hunter in training. One of his first bounties is a runaway Wookiee. At first it's a road movie like Midnight Run, but in the end Han frees Chewey and makes him his first mate.
Han and Chewey get recruited by Jabba to join an elite team of smugglers. Han doesn't like what they're smuggling and leaves.
Han then meets a girl and settles down. Then Jabba comes and tells him that someone is taking out their old team. Han wants nothing to do with it but later his girl is dead from claw marks.
Han then joins Jabba in tracking down the killer. Along the way he gos to blows with Boba, fights Chewbacca, and later joins forces with Chewbacca against a super modified clone of Boba/Jango who has Force powers. 
In the end Han gets shot in the head by Jabba and loses memories of this whole adventure.
Yes that would be a crucial part of the Han Solo movie. However I think we need to hope Rian has more thab subtlety touched on Chewies pain in 8. I think Hans death needs to play more of a role than a possible redemption of Ben, but also bring Chewie forward as a character. You would think hewould only get increasingly worse with anger as time passes. I think Force Awakens failed to show us the true impact Hans death had on Chewbacca.
Don't know if it's been mentioned yet, but I wouldn't mind seeing how Han got the bounty on his head from Jabba. 
I'm hoping that the Han film has some nice cameos in it. I'd like to see a pre-chewie Han (or befriends him during the film). There's potential to show a bit of his background with Boba Fett, Janna and Lando (I know landos going to be in it)
That'd be awesome yeah.

I just want a movie like that but also with Lando and Boba Fett.  That would be the most badass movie in recent history.
Pure Ocean's eleven rip off,
Han fresh outta imperial jail for being caught smuggling already has his next job planned - stealing from Jabba's tatooine casino. 

forming a crack team with his buds Chewie, Lando and at that time Greedo (who he proceeds to double cross - hence the animosity) and throw in others like dengar, bossk the other bounty hunters, hell even through nein nunb and that prune face from clone wars/ rebels. Hell do the George lucas approach and shoe horn in all bounty hunter smugglers in the universe.

Daenerys is the ex wife (Julia Roberts)

bamm huge sucess, bamm huge money
That is the biggest story I Don't want to see in the movie. 
Read the Han Solo trilogy (Paradise Snare, The Hutts Gambit, and Rebel Dawn). You basically get his entire back story, its quite good. 
Id like to know how he got mixed up with Jabba and owes all those credits. 
I dunno, to me it seems like Han was never a good smuggler, and Luke was never a good Jedi. 

We've raised them to legends over the past 30 years, and I think the new movies are revealing the unfortunate truth. 
I think Han rescued Chewie from Trandoshan slavers.
I think the Han movie is not needed but if Lucas really did plan it before the Disney sale then I'm sure it's a story worth telling in film format. 
Sometimes not seeing something is more important than seeing it.

Whatever is put in screen for Chewbacca to dedicate himself to Han, or for Lando to lose the Falcon to Han is not going to be as good as what we have imagined forever.
didn't Han save Chewie when he was running away from imperial training? he was originally an imperial captain in training but decided he hated the empire and decided to desert, on his way out he found chewie locked in a cage bound for extermination so he sprung him thus earning chewies life debt?

i would like to see this.
What if they made something up that was more exciting than anything that's come in the movies so far?

We don't need to connect everything to the rest of the series. It makes the Star Wars universe smaller.
I want 21 jump street in space. The story doesn't matter.  

Probably less silly, but I hope humor is the driving factor
I have highly enjoyed the books written about Han's history, which means i probably won't be able to appreciate a movie trying to retell it unless they base it on the books. :/ I've pretty much given up on really enjoying any new movies since they decided the expanded universe is non-canon. That old extended universe will always be the real Star Wars to me.

edit: i understand that some people may not be able to understand this, but imagine being told a story and knowing the characters... then hearing different stories about those characters and getting to know them better and better to the point where you feel almost like you are close friends. Ok, now pretend that someone comes up to you and says everything you ever knew about those friends and stories is wrong and instead it's <something entirely different>. That's how it feels to be told the books are non-canon. And it's a lot easier to cling to the large, and developed universe that I've grown up loving than it is to abandon it all in the hopes that a giant conglomerate builds something new and better.
I have no faith in a movie about Han. His legacy is too big.  Especially after going down the rabbit hole with Anakin's origins. It seems destin to fail.
Wasn't the reason he left the academy to save Chewie?
I'd prefer the old EU which talked about it enough. 
Grindr. Case closed.
Completely agree. I'm kind of worried that all of these movies coming out are going to wear out star wars for me. I've watched the original trilogy probably 40 times but all these extra movies just might be too much. 
I just don't want this movie to have marvel humor. Or any star wars movie to have marvel humor... episode 7 did it, and that's why it's almost my least favorite star wars movie. 
I love Han but I am not really interested in the movie, especially with Donald Glover in it.
[removed]
Link: http://www.imax.com/movies/rogue-one-star-wars-story

edit: and set the date to Dec 15
The site probably just screwed up for some theaters.
Tickets don't seem to be available anymore, interesting nonetheless.
Because it's dope as fuck
Besides all the joke answers here, I think (and don't quote me on this) that I read his cape is made out of armorweave, and it can deflect blaster bolts.

Like laser Kevlar.
Why not?
I mean, he's a Sith *Lord.*  
Because capes are pretty wizard
You question Vader with a cape, but forget about Lando?
Many SW characters wear capes.
It's dope
Why does Yoda have a tunic?  No one's gonna see him naked.

Why is the Emperor evil?

Why a war in the stars?

Why Lucas?
Because he makes it look goooooood
Because it looks cool on screen.
In Star Wars reasoning, I believe the "laser kevlar". 

In real world reasoning, probably because of Dracula. 
If you were a dark lord of the sith, wouldn't you?
Because he [looks kinda dumb without it](https://i.redd.it/qzf9y2zrs0xx.jpg)
I have no idea.  
  
Although, interestingly enough, Kylo Ren is rumored to be wearing Darth Vader's cape in Episode VIII.
He watched too much Seinfeld. 
I don't know, why did Count Dooku wear a cape? Capes are like a fashion statement of power and intimidation for Sith lords
People will question everything nowadays 
He got a big ol' ass. I mean Kardashian sized donk. 
I do agree that it is one of "JJ's style over substance moments," but it doesn't mean that Yoda isn't able to do it.  Kylo stops **one** blaster bolt during a calm situation whereas Yoda has never been in a situation where he needed to do that.  It wouldn't make sense for Yoda to focus to stop blaster bolts during the Clone Wars when you have thousands of droids shooting at you.  
The Dark Side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural.
I mean Vader stopped a blaster bolt in Empire. It looked different (and you could mostly chalk that up to special effects) but it was the same principle. 
Well the point of Kylo Ren is he's raw power. He doesn't have the skill or technique yet. He is unrefined. Rey is similar, except she shows ti have much more raw power. Rey may be new to the force but she is no noob. For all we know she could end up being as strong or stronger than Yoda or Anakin or Luke in the force. Remember the title of the movie? Yeah that's the Force awakening inside Rey
> I'm not buying it    
   
That's great, cause no-one's selling it. It is what it is, and your approval isn't wanted nor necessary to the existence of it in the movie.   
   
Also, it's a play on Vader's absorption of Han's shots in ESB, who completely nullifies the shots with the Force. 
Ren is meant to be powerful in the force, just not very stable. 
Vader did something similar in ESB.
Yeah, they should never introduce other Force powers /s
"As played by Warwick Davis"?
This is my Instagram if at all interested 
https://www.instagram.com/georgetonkz/
Appreciate any feed back 
Many thanks 

G
Love it Gtonks! Might have to buy one!
Very carefully 
He has a active repulsorlift generators and little claws that protrude. The circles are the emitters. It pushes against gravity.  It's how he rolls tool. Going up stairs requires his emitters to go nearly 80%. It is a bit hard on battery life. 
If I had to make a guess, I'd say that he uses those tow cables that he uses to keep from rolling around the Falcon when Rey and Finn hijack it. 
Maybe he has a rocket that has never been shown or mentioned. /s
Lean head over the next stair, go forward very quickly and catapult up.

Or use that tether thing
A fun droid,  but kind of a poor form on anything but smooth surfaces
Same as R2. 
He probably pull himself up with his grappling hooks.
...okay? 
What?
There is a ninety-seven point six percent chance that I will buy this magazine.
Needs more chrome, like Phasma's!
Don't you mean "Snoked?"
I'll see my way out.
Whatever happened to Anchorhead? They were the first Star Wars metal band I ever listened to. If you like metal and Star Wars you owe it to yourself to listen to Shredisode IV: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T72JBPdk0aQ
These guys sound like the musical embodiment of r/empiredidnothingwrong
Dude. This is amazing where did you get the design files from? 
Is this like an EU design? Never saw an AT-AT with lasers on top of the head
The problem is that animation is very expensive.  Each episode of TCW cost more than $1 million which is more than the cost of one season of Rebels.  

It wouldn't be very profitable as a tv series, but as a feature film maybe.  
I think it would be cool if they did something a la "Tales from the Mos Eisley Cantina" or something. A bunch of short stories kinda like the Animatrix with a lot of the background characters.
Halo does little shorts every once in awhile such as The Mona Lisa and all those terminal entries in their games which are all goddamn brilliant. Star Wars needs to adopt this method. They already do by making short stories in their Star Wars Insider issues, but I'd rather have some cool quick animation rather than text. It doesn't have to be top notch. Like I said, Halo handles it perfectly, and within their budget: https://youtu.be/36hTq2soGDE

Halo's [Hunt the Truth] (https://youtu.be/vpuyEBxoRGc) was also a goddamn brilliant audio series where they released a new audio segment/episode every couple weeks. It was basically about  journalist investigating what happened to Master Chief. I'd fucking love for Star Wars to copy that and have a New Republic journalist go around and try to find out what happened on the Death Star between Palps, Luke, and Vader. Digging deeper and deeper until they reach depths of information that they should never have known. Maybe even try to find out if Vader is still alive, because it's canon that some people don't know or still think he is due to the Empire's lies. Same with The Emperor.
I don't understand why people are down voting you?
 Mind if I ask how you purchased them? I do not see them listed on Fandango yet. 
Yeah. We would all know if they were really available. There would be 100 posts on Reddit. 
What country are you located in?
Just called an AMC near me, and they said they didn't have any for sale. I asked when they might be and she went to go check, came back and said "around december 1st."
I have no idea if any other theater can sell them. My two pronged suggestion is either call them directly, or go there in person, and ask them to pull up the date to check and see if they are available. 
James Horner wrote the score for aliens in a brutally short time and that turned ou pretty bloody good. Fingers crossed here!
Anakin's/Luke's/Rey's.

It's just a classic look, and at this point I would argue it's the most important lightsaber in the galaxy.
Mine was always Luke's RotJ one. Because green
[Satele Shan's staff](http://i1332.photobucket.com/albums/w620/khalj1/Mobile%20Uploads/DSC01100_zpsjqwpxvxc.jpg), as seen in the cinematic trailers.
Sifo-Dyas': [here](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/starwars/images/d/d2/Plo_Koon_with_Sifo-Dyas_lightsaber.png) and [here](http://i.imgur.com/VOjrfvu.png). I love its look and shape, especially how it's wider at the ends than in the middle.
[Gungi's](https://3.bp.blogspot.com/-Lqhb8f_VWTM/UKrlzWig-mI/AAAAAAAACoE/4iZ-BiQFBsg/s1600/Gungi2.PNG) or the T[emple guard pikes](https://farm6.staticflickr.com/5484/12178413856_73d543264d.jpg)
Temple Guards Yellow Blades
Gungi
Oppo Rancisis
I loved Dooku's. 
Master Sinube's lightsaber cane from TCW
The original Graflex.

Also really like Kanan's two part saber.
Ahsoka Tano's (TCW not Rebels), I also really like ObiWan's clone wars/ episode 3 saber. Another runner up is Ezra's green saber in Rebels season 3
OG lighsaber or Mace Windu's.
I've always been partial to Obi-Wan's saber from ANH. Slightly rusted and dinged-up, but still elegant.
The one the Wookie Padawan creates in TCW. I mean, wood just looks cool.
Legends is Cade Skywalker's, canon would be Darth Vader'a lightsaber that we never see in the film 
One of Windu's, Jinn's, or Vader's, can never decide. Luke's is like a mix of Obi Wan and Qui Gon's, which is cool too 
Canon: Luke's RotJ saber. Visually similar to Obi-wan's and felt like a wonderful tribute to his fallen master and friend to design his first personal lightsaber after Obi-wan's. I also felt that it was visually more interesting than Anakin's lightsaber, no matter how more iconic that one was.

EU: Tough choice, as there are so many good ones here. I'm going to have to go with a few here. Revan's purple saber was always an interesting look to me, I wouldn't mind having a replica of that one. Corran Horn's dual-phase saber was a unique idea that I loved in the books. Yun's saber from the Jedi Knight game. While simplistic in it's design, the fact Kyle takes it up part-way through the game and beyond gave me my love of yellow lightsabers (if I had to have anything aside from red Sith sabers, I'd go dual yellow and purple myself). Tenel Ka's rancor-tooth lightsaber and the yorrick-coral lightsabers of the One Sith were always visually interesting and a nice departure from the metallic looks of the weapons. And finally I have to give props to Starkiller's weapon in the Sith ending of Force Unleashed, the design with the spikes on the emitter. It just fit his aggressive design so well and is another one I would love a prop of.
Lightwhips!!
Qui'Gon's lightsaber, the green blade just fit his super wise vibe well 
The death saber that death watch had in TCW
Kyle Katarn's third lightsaber. I like the shape of the thing. Second would be Ahsoka's Rebels lightsabers. Those are the ones I would personally use too.
1st. Gungi

2nd. Lucien Draay

3rd. Rahm Kota
Satele Shan's double-bladed lightsaber is pretty sick, but I also kinda really like Kazdan Paratus' design.

And oh, helicopter lightsabers from Rebels are sorta cool. I mean, yes, using them to fly is dumb, but I like them. They're something new.
Fantastic! I love the way you accented the foreground with the little stones. 
Classy.
They were both bad.  The Republic Senate was corrupt even before Palpy became chancellor.  For example, megacorporations and banks like The Trade Federation and The Banking Clan held seats on the Senate.  Its the equivalent to if Apple or JP Morgan had a senator or representative  in Congress.  Also, they declared war on the Separatists just for leaving.  If California had chose to left the US, would it be right to declare war on them to force them to stay?

Many real Separatists chose to leave the Republic because they saw it as corrupt.  Now, the CIS is considered bad because Dooku took over the movement as a leader and you and I know he is Palpy's apprentice.

tldr; Both sides had good intentions but were fucked up by their corrupt leadership.
Not much actually.. The point is taken up in the recent Rebels episode titled The Last Battle kinda.
It's been a while since I last watched TPM, but didn't the Separatist tried to outright kill Obi-wan and Qui-Gon when they went to help with the peace talks? Why were they doing a blockade on Naboo? Edit: Nevermind, went to read on the wiki. Mostly instigated by Palpatine and had no other choice than to go through with it. ok.
I bet he definitely wondered what's the point of living anymore, but his anger and hatred and the dark side probably spurred him on and kept him going.
According to some of the old (Legends, iirc) comics, he was definitely very self loathing, and he stabbed himself to get at Darth Maul.
He probably thought about crashing his fighter into Palpatine's throne room or something like that to take them both out, but I think he still wanted to bring order to the galaxy and thought that the Empire would be able to do that so he focused on that instead.
He displays some basic will to survive, ie: dragging himself out of lavapit after getting bbq'd.

I always imagined it was his rage itself that kept him going. Also probably Dark Side powers may provide desire to sustain oneself due to attachment, emotion etc.

In the old canon he brought a building down on himself in an attempt to kill both himself and his targets. which succeeded by 50%. He killed his targets, but he survived and claimed it was the will of the force or some shit.  
I swear this is asked almost daily. Please, use the search bar.

Anakin wasn't a Jedi. He was a Sith Lord. His troopers were obviously told he was an ally.

Why can people not piece that together?
Is your second question referring to order 66 or after that?
Because they were told that Anakin wasn't jedi anymore. Is it that hard to piece together?
Easy answer: clones were ordered to kill Jedi masters, Anakin was never a master. And when Order 66 was executed, Anakin was Vader. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQ1VDTaVUNY
More garbage mobile games.
Yeah, looks pretty lame.
I don't understand the hate here. I think it looks pretty good, like a Galaxy of Heroes but better
UPDATE: What do you guys think? This way or the original? http://d.pr/i/lyva
Kleenex, for Luke's whiney times.
It's basically just [this image](https://s19.postimg.org/u572wluqp/Luke_Skywalker_Re.jpg).
Nope, that's his son with his wife, [Little Debbie](https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/464437330850226176/I6qnTmLq_400x400.png).
He's got a cold 
It's a good thing(according to IMDB if you can trust that) that Rian Johnson is writing both Ep8 and 9 then.
Colin also directed the fantastic *Safety Not Guaranteed.* Honestly with the ground work being laid currently he'd have to actively work at screwing it up. 

Also, Jurassic World was in developmental hell for over 15 years and Spielberg hand picked him to carry on the franchise. He somehow managed to make not only one of the highest grossing movies ever but also the only good Jurassic Park sequel, something Spielberg himself failed at. Trevorrow is not a bad director. 

Honestly, I see him in a similar light to Gareth Edwards. Both directed a good movie then directed a "giant monster" movie. Only, I'd argue at least the actors in Jurassic World had charisma, something that the ones in Godzilla didn't have. I like Edwards as a director and Rogue One looks stunning but Trevorrow gets so much more criticism than him despite proving himself more.
Jurassic World was not badly directed. It was just a very cliche screen play that relied on nostalgia to bring people to the theater.
.... I thought Jurassic World was fun. 
Go watch Jurassic Park 3 again and you'll have a new appreciation for JW. I've heard a lot of complaints about the movie and other then my own petty complaints like getting a 20 year old jeep to run like new with old gasoline, the movie was everything I'd want in a Jurassic sequel. 
JW was pretty cool...
The problems with Jurassic World were not Trevorrow's fault.  He came onto the project super late, and was given a very shitty screenplay to work with (instead of the I. Rex, it had dino-human hybrids as the "villain") and he personally had to rewrite large parts of it super quick.  Trevorrow is the only reason the film is as good as it is. 
I fucking loved that movie. 
Episode 9s in good hands 
Yeah I mean I thought Jurassic World was terrible and I'm a bit perturbed by their choice, but I have faith in everyone involved to turn out a movie at least as good as tfa
Look at Jurassic World as a parody. Because that's really what it was.
Actually inhibitor chips make Order 66 more heartbreaking. If you watched TCW you know what kind of relationship Jedi and Clones had. If you remove the inhibitor chip that relationship becomes meaningless because they were never friends with the Jedi they would just be pretending. While with the inhibitor chip they are still friends with the Jedi but they have to kill them. IMO inhibitor chips make Order 66 and Clones better. 
It is not reasonable to assume every Clone would turn on their Jedi leader they have worked with for the past few years. Your quote is non canon. That whole angle was interesting at first, but once the Clone Wars show came out, the "just following orders" reason wasn't believable any longer since they showed us they all had close relationships.
The inhibitor chips, with what we now know of the Clone/Jedi relationship, is the best and most believable option.
How would you explain the Clone Troopers betraying their Jedi friends without question, without the inhibitor chip?
I also like the idea of Order 66 being a contingency plan for the betrayal of the Jedi, but (and granted, this is my head canon) I think we can reconcile the two. In Star Wars, we see two cases of an inhibitor chip in action. The first in in The Clone Wars when [Tup's chip malfunctions](https://youtu.be/RQwiHoOsm9g?t=103) and the next time we see it happens is during Order 66. They both result in the death of the Jedi, but the mechanism is different. As we see in [Revenge of the Sith](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4L_S9K-BkQ), properly functioning chips ensured compliance, but the clones didn't loose rational thought and become "possessed". Some of them obeyed immediately, but others (mainly Mundi's troops on Mygeeto and Secura's on Felucia) may have waited until there was an opportunity to follow the order. We never see either of these two groups receive the command, just execute it. We also know that Order 66 wan't just a blanket order sent out to all clones. We see Palpatine deliver individualized orders to several different clones. I believe there may have been a "kill all Jedi" contingency plan on the books, but "execute Order 66", specifically coming from Palpatine may have been the trigger word to ensure the clone's compliance. 
I've got mixed feelings honestly. But in the end it works 
I still liked Karen Travis's book series better. TCW chips were silly, as was most of that show. 
Everyone hated it when it first came to light, now people are defending it. Reminds me of the prequels. Star Wars fans seem to slowly adopt bad things and accept them over time.
The cast of *A New Hope* was generally full of unknowns. That being said, I don't think it would be right to pick some new actors. It wouldn't be proper if I knew them.

More Daisy Ridleys and John Boyegas.
Danny Devito as yoda
Donald glover as Lando
Lol... modern times... 
Michael Fassbender as Han Solo 
I like to think we still would have gotten Carrie, Mark and Harrison, but you know, as they are now...
Vader as the main antagonist? That's the entire Original Trilogy.

Or do you mean an Anthology film about Vader?
I'm not expecting a ton of screen time, but I'd be willing to bet we'll see Vader do some serious villainy things in Rogue One. Probably some of his worst. 
A movie with Vader as the main character would be awesome. I would like to see a movie that goes more indept with his thaughts and emotions and his struggle between the dark and the light. I find his character really fascinating because I believe there is so much more than what is shown in the movies. 
What my hopes have been regarding the anthology films. A nice Vader pic. 
There is an ~18 year history to explore when he is at his most badass which BEGS to be explored on screen. 
Granted the mainstream movie-going audience may not be familiar with Ahsoka, but to feature those 2 in a final battle, where ahsoka receives the treatment she deserves on film, and the end to wrap up their history, could be epic. 
I'd be fine with any film told from the empire's perspective.....kind of like  Lost Stars
Bout 28 days? Give or take ;)
For Vader to be the MAIN antagonist, he'd have to be going up against someone whose story he's tied to personally. That's why he's the big bad of the OT. If Luke wasn't the main character of those films, Vader wouldn't have much to do beyond be a scary looking henchman.

The only person who could convincingly be the protagonist of that film is Ahsoka - but that won't happen. The studio won't release a film that big that has two separate tv shows as required reading in order to appreciate the film.
So you want, Star Wars?
If they do it it has to be 5 years or less. James Earl Jones is sadly not getting any younger. And I will not accept any one else to voice Darth Vader except JEJ
We've already had him as the main bad guy for 3 films so I don't think we really need to see him in that main bad guy role again I think he'd work better as a supporting villain
Lego Vader, rated R
I don't think that they will ever do one 
It would be great to see Vader be a total bad ass. In the original trilogy and prequels  we are never really treated see his full raw power unleashed.

He would be able to carry a narrative well, too. Maybe a little struggle from him feeling a pull to the light
uh... the prequel trilogy?
This actually never occurred to me as you lay it out. Disney won't let Vader fade from memory, but I don't necessarily expect to see a film starring him. TFA and Rogue One both include him in a minor capacity, so he's not gathering dust yet.

The only sort of Vader-centric film that I can imagine happening soon would be something set between ANH and TESB, about his search for Luke, or perhaps a Shadows of the Empire adaption.

Otherwise, I think that they'll keep making films based on other things, some of which involve just a bit of Vader. I do not expect any pre-Rebels films about him. It's so easy to create new villains that they don't *need* to milk that one too much. They can always bring him back in the future.

A stand-alone Darth Vader film would be amazing. Sadly, I have a hard time believing Disney would go for this.  
  
Although, I could DEFINITELY see a Darth Vader video game- much like [The Force Unleashed.](https://youtu.be/hPd7t7gtESk)
When they realize my potential and cast me in the suit. 
They announced a VR / 360 film about Darth Vader a while back. 
Yes. Something about him tracking down Jedi that survived Order 66. Make it like a horror movie where Vader is like Freddy/Jason/Mike Myers.
I think that Return of the Jedi wrapped that up nicely. But if you are speaking of which should be the last released... I'd like to see some more with the Rogue One crew. The trailers look amazing and I would love to follow the story of these characters, if any survive, in other movies. 
Everything I'd want would be next to impossible because the original cast is aging. 
Episode LXIX
I'd like to see more bounty hunters. For as badass as the EU makes them, they just look cool on screen.

ROTJ definitely tied the bow nicely however
I guess I don't know what the "Last" movie should/will be, but I do think that neither the Han Solo movie nor Rogue One are going to be as singular as Disney seems to imply they are.

I guess I just don't think they'd take the risk of recasting Han and Lando if they had zero interest in it growing beyond a one off.

And if the Han Solo movie isn't a one off, I don't think they'd leave Rogue One out to dry either.

I don't really know what the implications of all that are, and I don't think Disney does either, to a certain extent.

I certainly don't think there will be a Rogue One 2 or a Han Solo 2. But they could definitely reuse those familiar (And now young) faces.

Overall I think Disney is probing with these first movies. Probing for that sweet spot between maximizing casual viewer interest ("More Han Solo!!"), and not pissing off the crazy fans by overstepping their boundaries ("More Han Solo...")

But if everything goes well for them, I could definitely see this becoming a Marvel style, "Hey, it's me from that other movie!!" thing.

But we'll see.... we'll see....
As long as they keep making good stories I don't care how many they make. It's a big galaxy. How many stories about WW2 can be made? 
last released id like to see either an obi wan ala Zatoichi
or a film about the last surviving jedi escaping coruscant.
Its the reboot film so they can go back and remake everything a la Days of Future Past is it not?
I really enjoyed this issue. The moment where Luke lashes out at the stormtrooper and Vader felt it... damn.

The ending with the capture of C-3PO was more than a bit lame though. I don't like when things like that get canonized. Are we now supposed to believe that the Empire is going to do anything other than hack the droid's memory and then melt it down? Or that Han/Leia/Luke would risk their lives (and the future of the Rebellion) to recover him?

That being said, I'm really looking forward to #26. Based on the teaser panel, it appears to be another Obi-one-shot, but maybe with a Yoda appearance?
Finally, after a couple of months reading I'm up to date with Star Wars and Vader! haha  

I liked this one, but I'm a bit tired of the "This plan can work because we are crazy!", "Only rebels are this crazy", etc. No, if the plan is impossible or doesn't make sense you should end up dead, come on...   

But I love the Scar Team <3  

Next issues will be set BEFORE Episode I, so in canon they will be the very first thing in chronological order :D
This is what I put on /r/StarWarsCanon:

I really hope the series picks back up after this chapter. I found the whole thing to be really far fetched even for sci-fi/fantasy standards. Stealing a Star Destroyer is near impossible given what we know in Lost Stars, this chapter ignoring all of that irks me a bit. 

Some of the action and the characters were good though. I enjoyed some of fighting. I wish they could have had a more compelling storyline though. We don't need the comic to go huge and epic for it to be compelling. 
The Edge Troopers ended up being exactly what I thought they would be, just cannon fodder who were defeated by plot armor. 

After their massive build up I never truly saw them as a threat in this arc. We'll see where they go with this.
I thought this was a good ending to an otherwise ok arc. Liked how Vader condescended both Luke and Kreel on the lightsaber abilities. The R2 adventure was weird though. I dunno if I'm just not getting it, but I have no idea what happened besides R2 just bumping into things to get to the X-wing.
Well I'm glad that's over with. It was really pushing my suspension of disbelief. They took over a whole Star Destroyer to send some supplies to a planet? That seems more like a plotline from Rebels, not the Main Heroes. 

But I liked SCAR for the most part and I hope the 3PO story is entertaining. It has a ton of potential. I hope Vader talks to him.

And I'm pumped for Yoda! Should be good. Plus we get a new artist.
Ford was pretty well known from 'American Graffiti', Hamill had been in a few shows, I think always playing a baddy, but wasn't known and Fisher was only really known because of her parents, I think.
Saw the spelling errors. Smiled. Not even mad. New squeals for everyone. 
Squeals is so good I'm not even mad about another "Rouge"
Anthologyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy! Like that kind of squeal? Also, I'm still a firm believer that Rouge One would be a good movie. Obi wan goes under cover in a Paris night club as a struggling writer and ends up falling in love. It's the Obi Wan/ Satine backstory we've all been clambering for! 
[Squee?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MU4HMhic6AU)
Enjoyed that. Thanks. Episode 2 was sort of guilty pleasure for me. I enjoyed it. Even though I knew I shouldn't. If anything, it's much more rewatchable than episode 1.
Prequel haters are the biggest bunch of morons on planet earth. It wouldn't matter what was made they would let them selves be let down. For every dumb thing that made no sense in one of the prequels or had bad acting or dialog you can find in the OT. People like the the OT for nostalgic reasons not because they are a superior product. If the OT was released today unchanged and everyone saw it for the the first time they would think it was crap. The acting the graphics. The story is what has always made Star Wars and the prequels deliver on that level 110%. 
wtf
Saw this on tv randomly yesterday, it's a good one. 
Not gonna lie, the music and dialogue from this one made me a bit emotional 
Rebels differs in style, but I do find both enjoyable. Rebels, much like TCW, has definitely improved way better over it's first season.

Edit: Left out a word.
I think they are going for a younger demo with rebels
Rebels is way too childish for me. I think the art has a lot to do with it.
TCW has some of the best moments outside of the Original Trilogy. 

Rebels is getting good though and a joy to watch. 
I know this isn't popular opinion, but for whatever reason I've never been able to get into TCW. I've tried several times, I'm a huge star wars fan, but try as I might I'm just never engaged by TCW. 

Maybe it's because I never really thought clones were handled all that well in the movies, and thus my caring about them didn't really transfer to the show? Others have mentioned that I need to watch later season, but I think I've seen most of season 1, and just wasn't really hooked.

Rebels on the other hand I watch. I don't think it's the best piece of star wars lore, but I've been overall engaged by it so far.
[deleted]
It's funny how livid this fanbase is over Rebels after the last 2 episodes even tho everyone was raving about it since the season 3 premiere up until Imperial Supercommandos.
I might have to disagree about the score. It's so much more in line with John Williams in Rebels. George didn't want anything similar to John Williams in TCW so he told Kiner to not really do any tributes with very few exceptions.

Also it's the same composer.
Never forget Tartakovsky's Clone Wars. 
Agreed, I've watched clone wars through twice now, great show. Rebels is definitely aimed at kids first and it shows. 
Rebels animation is better than TCW for me. 
Everyone in TCW is blocky and covered in weird lines.
I agree completely.  I don't mind that Rebels has a more stripped down animated style.  That's the cost of no longer having Lucas shoveling money into the show.  I do kind of mind that I have yet to really engage with any of the new characters (outside of maybe Kanan) the same way I did with Ahsoka and Rex.  When characters returning from TCW (Rex, Ahsoka, Maul, or even Hando) or characters appearing from legends (Thrawn) are the most exciting aspects of the show, then I think they've failed at creating truly great characters.

I still like the show but it pales in comparison to TCW.  I've really tried to stop making the comparisons though.  It doesn't do me any good to constantly wish the show was something that it isn't.
Different demographics. For most of its run, *TCW* was just "the TV show", with about as vague a target audience as that implies. But *Rebels*, which was commissioned after the Disney acquisition, was designed from the ground up to be "the kid's show".

(Also, it's "its animation", "its score", etc. When "its" indicates possession, rather than a contraction of "it is", there's no apostrophe, because the English language is arbitrary like that.)
I think TCW's small story arcs were a successful storytelling device that worked wonders for the pacing of the show.  We got 2-3 episodes in an arc that told a full story and then the next arc had the freedom to jump to another character or another part of the galaxy without it feeling too jarring.

Rebels story feels less engaging overall because episode by episode, not too much changes.  Sure the overall story progresses a little, but overall it's just another mission, another rescue operation, another salvage task to build up the fleet, or another run-in with bounty hunters or the Empire.  It's not until we get to the Season Finales that the show makes huge leaps in the story and not until the Season Premiere that we see how much has changed in the interim.  The time in between there is typically lackluster.

All of that being said, I really do love Rebels, I just wish it was consistently strong.  The Finales and the Premieres of each Season have been absolutely amazing.  Almost topping anything that TCW's put out.  But, I feel that episode by episode, TCW told better stories, had better action, and was more engaging overall.
To me, it's the opposite. TCW was an ambitious show, probably a more creative show, but it's by all accounts a worse television show. Rebels has distinct character arcs, better performances, less-stilted dialogue, it's paced better, the character relationships feel more palpable and real. 

TCW did a lot for Star Wars mythology but the character growth was inherently limited due to the fact that it starred existing characters and took place between two movies. The characters of TCW's arcs end in RotS. Rebels takes place between two films, but its characters are self-contained and their arc will exist entirely within the show itself. 
[deleted]
I'm just sort of mystified that people are really into these shows. To me they are moderately okay kids shows with a whole lot of pretty mediocre content. TCW had some cool visuals for an animated program. But to me they don't come close to capturing the magic of the movies. 
 Is TCW series better to watch is aired order or chronological order?
I found it to be the opposite. While I did Enjoy TCWs, a lot of its style (Particularly the music) didn't feel true to Star Wars. Rebels feels more like the OT than TCW's feels like the PT. TCWs definitely made the PT a bit more enjoyable to watch though by really fleshing out Ani and Obi more than the movies ever did. Among other characters. But it took a while to really build up it's quality. Where as I found Rebels found its footing MUCH quicker. 
Rebels is better imo
Clone Wars as a whole might have been better show overall but comparing the first two seasons of both 1:1 Rebels is far better right now, hands down.
Rebels has never done anything to deserve to be a part of Star Wars.

Sorry the series is just a mess.
Chopper > R2-D2

... and that's all I got to say about that
I never quite know where people are coming from when they bash Rebels' animation but praise TCW.

I'd argue that both feature pretty awkward/poor character animation, but Rebels is a much better looking show to me. TCW is maybe more detailed, less obviously restrained by budget, but it's ugly. It looks like a ps2 cutscene version of the prequels. Rebels on the other hand, presumably as a result of the Mcquarrie influence, has that timeless Star Wars quality. The designs and backgrounds are on point. Cheap TV animation aside, it's stunning. My only gripe is those skinny lightsabers..
Wrong "its" all three times.
I feel like I'm the only one who absolutely **hates** the animation and story arcs of the CGI crap. What they decided to make canon is appalling.
I am fucking done with Rebels... It's for friggen toddlers unlike The Clone Wars. No one should be watching this shitty watered down show that fails miserably at being a part of this great legacy.
The 2003 cartoon is fun, but it is in no way, shape, or form a realistic depiction of anyone's(Jedi or otherwise) abilities. 

Because the 2003 cartoon was never a realistic depiction of their powers. It didn't line up with anything else ever published. 

Personally, even before it was officially declared Legends, I headcanoned it as Republic propaganda.
Well, Gendy's cartoon took a lot of liberties in terms of depicting Jedi powers and general badassery, like when Windu destroyed an entire army of B2 super battle Droids and a huge terraforming weapon by himself and half of it without a lightsaber. Amazing? Definitely, realistic portrayal of what Jedi can achieve in the movies? Definitely not. 


Because those were pre-war Jedi with pre-war ways of thinking.  At that time, it would have been absolutely unthinkable to use the Force in such an aggressive manner.  The War forced them to do so in order to survive and to save others.

Not to mention that the Jedi had very little experience in combat where they were massively outnumbered at that point.
inexperience.  Most of them have never been in combat before.  They were more like ambassadors pre-Clone Wars than soldiers.  
I mean there were hundreds of droids 
Because they received fatal wounds causing them to stop breathing, their hearts to stop, and brain function to cease. 
http://www.darthsanddroids.net/episodes/0378.html
[Looks like it's a poster.](http://www.barnesandnoble.com/blog/sci-fi-fantasy/death-star-plans-bn-exclusive-edition-star-wars-catalyst/)
Worth the extra $5
Nice, hope you enjoy Rebels too!
Much like TCW it starts a bit slow and gets better as it goes on, but S1 of Rebels is certainly much better than S1 of TCW.


I'm just gonna quickly comment on one of your points; the Magic stuff.
All the magic shown in TCW is still the force, its just being used differently. The night-sisters for example are force-sensitives who have learned to use the force independently of the Jedi/Sith, so their method of using it is different too. 
So dont worry, the force is still the only supernatural power in the star-wars universe.

I remember you! Glad you enjoyed the series.  

You should now consider (besides obviously watching Rebels) reading the novels Ahsoka and Dark Disciple which go along with TCW.  

When I first started watching, I never would have believed I'd care about clone troopers and then it's very quickly "Oh my god I love them all". The feelings they made me feel. Argh.

I wish we could have seen more of Cut, Suu, and their family! Cut gets a very brief and inconsequential shout out in the Aftermath novel which pleased me greatly just because I'm such a fan that I'll take anything, haha.
"General Grievous will run and hide, as he always does." - Windu, Revenge of the Sith
Now go watch Rebels, which is like a million times better.
Did you watch The Lost MISSIONS  (Season 6 I think that it isn't in the boxset) and Utapau and Bad Batch story reels? 


Also there is also a Darth Maul comic (Son of Dathomir), Assay Ventress book (Dark Disciple) and you probably heard about the Ahsoka book. They continue TCW story which was sadly not finished. 


Edit: Missions not episodes 
I only tend to watch them about once a year despite being a huge fan. It keeps them special, and it feels like a wondrous new experience every time they come on.
Every once and awhile, I simply don't have to time to marathon them much these days.
I usually watch them once a year, but I haven't watch any this year (minus The Force Awakens Blu-Ray) since, I watched all six movies (now seven) twice last year. When the CHEWIE WE'RE HOME teaser came out in April 2015, it gave me a huge Star Wars fever that made me rewatch all six. Then, in December last year, I rewatched them all again leading up to The Force Awakens. Given that, I think I probably will skip it this year, but I am for sure gonna rewatch A New Hope after Rogue One. 
I tend to watch one of the films every 2-3 weeks or so. I notice something new every time, it feels like. I also have different levels of "watching". I have my focused watching (like I'm doing this week) but I have times where I to watch them with Wookieepedia open and research little throwaway comments to learn more lore. 
Barely, because I remember everything that happens in them which sort of ruin it.  
I sometimes get an urge to watch a specific one of them but I never marathon them.  
I recently rewatched ROTS though.
I typically watch all of them twice a year. Once in the summer and once during Christmas break. Recently I have been rewatching TCW and I think I'll start doing that every 2 years or so
I watch episodes 4-6 usually once a year now, and will throw Ep 7 into the mix.
My youngest is 7 now, so we just watched 2 and 3.  I hadn't seen them since the theater, and I remember why.  Won't be watching them again anytime soon.  Last year I tried to watch Ep 1 with her and she got bored after 20 minutes.

Now, when I was younger, pre teen, my friend and I watched them weekly.  Even as a teenager, it was probably once a month.  Now it's annual, along with LotR trilogy.
I watch them extremely often, they never get old to me. I've probably seen each episode about 10 times (some more so than others) over the past year.
At least once a year. 

As a saga, I'll watch them all at least once. But sometimes I have an urge to watch just the originals and now Episode VII. So those movies I might watch twice a year.

May the 4th will be great for the stand-alone movies. I always want to watch a SW movie on that day but never do because I always like to watch them all consecutively. Stand-alone movies will make this much easier.  


I like to rewatch A New Hope if I've had a pretty bad day in order to cheer myself up. The last time I did that was November 8th
I'd say I watch a single movie every week or two.
I used to watch them 2 or 3 times a week. These days it's dropped to every month or two.
I tend to watch the original trilogy about once or twice a year, though I don't have any kind of set in stone schedule for it. I'm not a fan of the prequels but I did watch all 6 films before The Force Awakens, it seemed like the thing to do and I hadn't seen them in years and wanted to see how I'd view them now. I have seen TFA about 10 times since its release though.

I take in so much Star Wars media over the course of a year, as well as other movies, so it doesn't feel like I'm going without by not watching the films every month or something
I've seen the prequels twice. Once when they were released and again before VII. 

I watched the OT a lot when I was younger and the only access to Star Wars I had were the VHS tapes and the the collectable card game.
I did watch them before VII but that was probably the first time in 10 years or more. 

I went to see VII twice in theatres in the first month but haven't watched it since. 

I'll likely revisit them if my daughter expresses any interest when she's older. But that's probably 4 or 5 years off. 
4-6 a few times a year.  7 will probably get the same viewings.  1-3 maybe once every couple years.  Watched 3 and part of 1 last Sunday.  Tried to watch 2 a month or so back but couldn't stomach it.  3 might get into a yearly rotation but 1 and 2 will be rarities.
Maybe once a year or so. Honestly I read the books and Comics more often. And this is weird but when people mention Star Wars I automatically think of the books before the movies. And yes to me Legends is still what happened after the movies. 
At least 3-4 times a year probably for 4-7....I lots more lately though because of hype lol. 
Haven't watched the OT in a couple years but have seen them so many times.

Watched the PT about three times.... never again.
... That's it?

That's worth an article? A helmet George remarked was cool in passing might end up in the background of a shot in Rogue One?

Fucking hell. 
No. No it wouldn't.
No.  
  
That online petition calling for George to take over and direct the new movies was an embarrassment.
Fuck no. Absolutely not.

Anyone who even entertains the idea is free to watch Red Tails.
I think Lucas is a lousy writer and a bad director. He's a decent enough idea-man and world builder but I don't think he has a mind for storytelling. 

It would be disappointing to see his return. 
I think George could come back, but to be a part of the Lucasfilm Story Group.
I think Lucas deserves a say in his baby's future, but it should be as it was on the best of the OT. Other people directing. Lucas is a world builder, his ideas are, by and large, great and bold, for better or worse. Yes, the acting style and dialog of the prequels wasn't good- but the world was. It was rich and alive with weird ideas. Lucas might not be at the helm, but I'd be damned happy to see him as a consultant. As a concept artist myself, I would give my left arm (figuratively) for a chance to work with George Lucas' brilliant imagination.  

Edit: "Well explained opinion? Downvotes! We don't want to hear your *different words.*" - /r/StarWars
Also  
ITT post Lucas hate
No
Not surprised this was shot down in this sub.
I don't mind him being an ambassador for the brand. As for being involved hands on, god no. He was the one who decided to sell. No one was holding a gun to his head, forcing him to sell. He made that decision. Therefore he should really have no involvement with the process anymore. And should just be happy that they still humor him. When I heard that they completely disregarded his treatments for the new trilogy, I was filled with joy. He was pompous enough to think that he could sell all rights to Star Wars, and still be the overseer. It's my favorite example of how out of touch he's truly become.
Directer Lucas absolut no, the man cant see critically on his own work.

Lucas who is only a idea sprayer and the person who write a early draft of the manus, and then other peopel take the ideas and manus and make a movie out of it... yes ;)
	

This is what I said in /r/StarWarsCanon:

I have no idea what happened but it was pretty exciting.

I really enjoyed this run, it was very fun. The pacing was really quick though, I felt like this could have been a good novel or maybe even a video game.
The last page. Too many feelings. Abort, abort. :(

I really really enjoyed this series. The Han characterization and growth felt right to me, the art was so freaking beautiful to look at, and it had some great characters - Loo Re Anno and Dorae especially.
I gotta love a canon demonstration of the Falcon being the fastest ship in this race amongst the fastest of ship. Han and Chewie really do have that piece of junk light freighter tricked out to the nth degree (when they can keep it running).
I really disliked this issue.  The killer was obvious from the beginning.  The ending of the race seemed more like Doctor Who than Star Wars.  I was really let down, I thought it would be a better ending.
Wait, so even on the bluray you don't see Chewbacca rip Unkar's arm off? Because if so that is some bull. 
Leia is a princess because of her adoptive parents though not because her birth mother was a Queen.
Anakin's love for Padme is a central plot point to the movie, he literally loves her from childhood to death. Also, physical attachments are forbidden for Jedis so just the one love is taboo, Nevermind him being a space gigolo. You would have to completely rework the character and the plot of most of the franchise.  You could work something like that into Han Solo and the newest franchise but No, in the structure of the Character, the Jedi, the plot, you couldn't make that Leia and Luke be from different moms.
Eh, I'm not really feeling it. I like the origin as it stands now better.  
Why would falcons not exist? There are obviously birds, why is it impossible for a falcon to exist?
There are ducks in Star Wars so there's probably Falcons, and slave 1 sounds intimidating, you don't have to name your ship after your profession. 
Bear in mind that Falcon is an arbitrary name given to an animal. There is really no reason why there couldn't be something in the Star Wars universe that bears the same moniker.

As far as Slave 1, who's to say Jango or Boba didn't traffic slaves. All the old EU canon is gone now. They could have been hardcore shipping Twi'leks off of Ryloth for all we know now.
Why are they called Star Destroyers when they don't destroy stars? Why ask condescending questions that could have been answered with a modicum of critical thought?
As other people have said, this is a sort of silly rhetorical question easily answered by assuming the words in Basic represent something close to a falcon and have been translated for our benefit.  But since you took the time to ask and this is a forum for fan discussion, how about this:

We might assume that Lando named the Falcon, and he's infatuated with chance and luck - his replacement for the Falcon is named *Lady Luck*, after all.  Let's say old Lando hears a tall tale in a casino from a cranky old pilot over a game of sabacc that goes like this:

A lone man wanders across a desert world, marooned and desperate for water.  Stumbling towards a bush that he thinks must be growing off of something, he accidentally puts his foot down in the home of a deadly serpent.  The serpent bares its fangs, coils to strike - 

And in a flash of white and red, is ripped from the ground by a thunderous falcon, who carries its prey off into the distance.  For hundreds of years, snakes like that one had struck their victims like clockwork.  But over the course of a thousand years?  Luck can account for almost anything, if you happen to be in the right place at the right time.

The story struck Lando - though it failed to distract him from the game as the old spacer had hoped it might - and he named his ship after an unlikely savior who is there when you need her: the *Millennium Falcon.*
I assume that there is a bird-like creature called a (something) falcon. Similar to how in rebels there is a Loth- Cat. Even though there are no cats in star wars.
I like the sound of that, source?

Edit: Thanks!
People keep submitting this but the film was already described as a western heist film when it was first announced.
I feel like I'm the only one really excited for this movie.

Also, wouldn't Han Solo "imitating Mal Reynolds, who was basically imitating Han Solo" mean that Han Solo is just...being Han Solo?

And Firefly, as much as I love it, is far from the first story to combine elements of Sci-Fi and Westerns. There are even a lot of elements of the old Western genre present in the OT, probably because both Westerns/Star Wars borrowed a lot of ideas from Japanese cinema.
Im freaking pumped for this movie! Yeah, you can't replace Harrison Ford and all, and maybe I would have rather seen a KOTOR or Obi-Wan spinoff...but still. I think this movies has a lot more going for it (cast, directors, writers) than is has going against it. 

I'm just imagining Han, Lando, and maybe Chewie (depending if Han and him have met yet) just screwing around, cracking jokes, and getting into all sorts of trouble all while pissing off the empire. 
If this is the case, I *really* hope they get Cad Bane in there. He's basically Angel Eyes from The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly, so he'd fit perfectly in a western type film.
Didn't Timothy Zahn already do this in Scoundrels though?
>“We’ve talked about [Frederic Remington](https://www.google.com/search?q=Frederic+Remington&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwicqYOewb3QAhXmxFQKHUODBQ0Q_AUICCgB&biw=1366&bih=662#tbm=isch&q=frederic+remington+paintings) and those primary colors that are used in his paintings defining the look and feel of the film.” - Kathleen Kennedy

This combined with Bradford Young's cinematography sounds gorgeous. Between him and Greig Fraser, the spinoffs are getting some really talented DPs so far. I can't wait to see what Young does with the aesthetic Kennedy is describing. 

Some of his work for those unfamiliar with him:

- [Ain't Them Bodies Saints](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ga0c0v-stK0)

- [A Most Violent Year](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZU7U3k3gHY) (There's also a cinematography featurette [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEAFGgjxNKU))

- [Selma](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6t7vVTxaic)

- [Arrival](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFMo3UJ4B4g) (Probably my favorite movie of the year, at least until Rogue One comes out)
I hope we get a "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid" vibe out of this movie
But I thought Star Wars was already a space western ...
As much as I wish they would let this character to rest, since his story ended, I can't help but be excited for this movie.

I still want a Obi Wan Kenobi movie tho
would that it twere so simple. 
>It'll be weird having Han Solo imitate Mal Reynolds

Well he won't be, so there that.
Shiny
That's cool. I've been missing this side of the Star Wars universe since the prequels. I want ~~less~~ fewer Jedi and more gangsters and gunslingers!
Cautiously optimistic.
>Western/Heist film.

Calling it, Emilia Clarke is going acquire the aid of Han and Lando to pull a job.  There'll be a light-hearted love triangle as she plays them both, only to reveal her identity is false in the third act; revealing herself as a operative for the Black Sun, named Guri.  

*(Hey, if they can bring Thrawn into canon, I don't see why they can't bring other stories and characters into the fold)*
Will there be a death star or something like it? ;)
I hope its like Firefly, minus the cancelling of course.  

I read the title then instinctively wrote OP's comment without having read OP's comment before realizing I was saying what OP said.
Please if you're going to do this, have nathan fillon play another smuggler.
This sounds awesome. Seriously awesome.
Eh that seems cool enough. Wonder what they're stealing
This was already posted once with a different link and then deleted. Weird.
If you say so.
Sounds a lot like The Hutt Gambit book.
Sort of Ant-Man style.
The Ant-Man of Star Wars movies. I must admit that at first I wasn't sold on the idea of a movie focused on one character, but someone said something about each Star Wars story being a different genre and I like that idea :D
Showdown at the ~~OK Corral~~ Mos Eisley Cantina
Sounds good to me
He's going to dump his cargo at the first sign of an Imperial Cruiser. 
Great, they're going to steal the plans to the Death Star too! #NotMyDadsStarWars
Ep. 4: Obi-Wan and Vader haven't dueled in a long time and both are long past their prime.

Ep. 5: Luke has minimal training and Vader is just toying with him.

Ep. 6: Neither one really wants to kill the other and are holding back until the very end.
Because in the prequels, Jedi had many hundreds of years to study and refine saber combat. 

By time of the prequels, no one was really around who could teach to use a saber in that way.
In-Universe Reason:  The Jedi in the prequels all mastered one of the 6 lightsaber forms.  In the OT, formal Jedi training is pretty much gone so Luke never learned a proper lightsaber form as far as we know.

Real Reason:  The duels in the OT are slow because they havent thought about lightsaber forms during the filming of the OT.  
This isn't in-universe, but it's still informative: [*The Birth of the Lightsaber.*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIefj6dOhnM)
Ye  
Canonically, that's how skilled Jedi fight.  

People also seem to use the fastest of the prequels and slowest of the OT and generalize based on those extremes. For example, the Vader vs Luke fight is faster than Mace Vs Sidious or Obi-Wan vs Dooku. The only fights that were super flashy and fast were the Phantom Menace and Revenge of the Sith Obi-Wan vs Vader duels. It seems like ESB and ROTJ's fights get lumped together with ANH's.
Prequel fights: Duels between fully trained combatants at the height of their power, trained for years to be master swordsmen and gifted in the ways of using the Force in battle.

OT fights: Old men, cripples, and barely trained upstarts. Vader had to change his style to adapt to his suit, Tatooine had not been kind to Obi-wan's body and he was nearly 2 decades out of practice, and Luke had only just learned what a lightsaber was a few years before we see his first fight in the movies, much less been trained in how to use one.

Episode 7: Kylo is the most skilled fighter in the film as he has actually been trained. Finn and Rey had never held a lightsaber in their lives and once forced to fight with one, use them in manners fitting what training they did have: Finn uses the lightsaber like a club, flailing with it with little finesse, while Rey uses hers like someone self-taught in fighting with a staff, incorporating plenty of thrusts but little else. Kylo had some training but Finn and Rey had to fight with a lightsaber within a day or two of even touching one for the first time.

Basically as time goes on, the fighters got less and less skilled or in practice.
Because cartoony crap, CGI diarrhea, over-the-top action sequences and lack of real emotions and tension.

I mean, Obi-Wan personally knew Vader, Luke thought Vader killed his father, and then it turns out he's his father.  Why would the good guys from the prequels fight against Maul, or Dooku, or Sidious?  Oh yeah, they're the bad guys, good guys fight against bad guys, gotcha.
We're rebelling.
*Patience you must have, my young padawan.*
__"The POWER that we are dealing with here is immeasurable."__
Probably comes around December 1st
>So why do we have an Endor theme going on here? 

[That *is* the question...](https://www.reddit.com/r/Ewok_Studies/comments/4zizes/is_that_the_forest_moon_of_endor_on_the_banner_of/)
There is buts its a rogue one easter egg
Maybe you should explain what it even is you're asking for since not everyone implicitly knows what Starwars RP garry's mod entails?
You should check out Star Wars Galaxies! /r/swgemu/  
https://www.reddit.com/r/swgemu/comments/wvkq5/a_starters_guide_for_starters/
The idea is that being a  force ghost is also a form of immortality.  They will last forever.  They are already one with the cosmic Force, but they are able to maintain their individuality.  They dont need to "move on."
I think the idea behind the force ghost concept is that it's a form of immortality; just fading away seems unlikely. But I think they'll avoid Force ghosts anyway.
That's how it was in Legends, but that isn't how it is in Canon. In canon, Force ghosts are people who have learned to preserve their consciousness in The Force. 

Normally, when a person dies their consciousness and "self" become one with the Force. They feed from the Living Force back into the greater Cosmic Force. 

However, with the right training, a person can learn to preserve their consciousness after they die, preventing it from being lost within the Cosmic Force. They essentially can separate their consciousness from the Cosmic Force in the form of a Spirit.

There is no indication that there is any time limit at all. Qui-Gon(whose training was incomplete) could still communicate with others even during the end of the Clone Wars(TCW and at some point after RotS).

It is worth noting that it is impossible for The Sith to learn this technique, because it goes against everything they believe. The Sith are focused on achieving physical immortality. They wish to extend their mortal life, not exist beyond it. 
In the old EU they can move on, like Ben, but that was dumb. I hope they don't move on because it makes no sense to
I don't think we need them but I feel like Lucas film will force some fan service in the next movie. I don't think they'll have Obi wan or yoda talk to Rey, but I could see a scene where Luke is torn about teaching Rey and he consults his old masters. Based on canon there is no reason for the two not to show up in the movies. It's really an issue of do the actors want to do it and can they do it without forcing it in there.
If they keep the rules from Legends, they should have faded away a long time ago, but it's all up in the air now. Force ghosts could last forever in the new canon. I'd love to see a scene in a future film of Obi Wan, Yoda, and Anakin all saying their last goodbyes before some huge confrontation/climax that Rey and Luke have to face.
If I'm not mistaken they broke up because they had no way to monetize themselves due to the copyrights protecting the music. Great group though. I still have them saved on my computer.
http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Fang_fighter
Something between a Kom'rk-class fighter and a U-Wing.
I think Luke & Leia are probably going to end up together while Han is frozen in carbonite
Guys, I had to work all weekend at the roller rink and couldn't get tickets for Sunday night. Don't spoil anything for me, alright? I can't wait to watch Luke get revenge on that Vader guy for killing Ben!
Definitely calling it. Vader is playing with Luke, to lure him to the dark side. 

I can't believe Han Solo is gone and that Lando guy? They trusted him after what he did? He could be a double agent. 

It's interesting how Luke and Leia was able to communicate via telepathy.  It looks like Luke has more force power than we thought. 

Who is the mystery guy in the hood, talking to Vader? We know it's Vader's master, but that's about it for now. 

And wow, we got to peek undr Vader's helmet for a second. Maybe his mask IS his face and he has a half flesh, half machine type of head, kind of like Robocop. 
I was eight when Empire came out. I was crying like a baby when my dad and I walked out of the theater. I remember being most distraught over Han being frozen in carbonite. I thought it was game over for my favorite smuggler. 

I was in complete denial about Vader being Luke's father. My dad didn't help either. He goes, "You couldn't tell that he was Luke's father by what he said about Luke being strong with the force when they were going down the Death Star trench in the first one?" No, Dad - I'm fucking eight years old.
Vader is lying to try to trick Luke into joining the Dark Side. I think that Boba Fat guy will be the big villain in the next movie. You know his fight with Luke at the end of the movie will be rad as heck.
I bet chewie has a kid
Honestly if I had been sitting in the theater watching that, when Yoda says "There is another..." I would have thought fuck yea there is another Jedi running around that we haven't seen before!

Vader telling Luke he is his father would have broken my mind. Everything Obi Wan told Luke WAS GOD DAMNED A LIE!!!

That green storm trooper just nicked Han what the hell, why the fuck is Lando wearing Han's clothes???

Well, we now know that Darth is Luke's father, not Anakin. This calls everything Obi-Wan said into question. What if Anakin was really killed by Obi-Wan?


Darth's master doesn't seem to know that Luke's actually Darth's kid, since he calls Luke "Skywalker's son." Since he's unaware of such a major secret, he doesn't really seem like much of a mastermind to me. I doubt he's going to be our main antagonist.


Here's what I think will happen: Luke will turn to the Dark Side and become the final villain. Yoda will have to recruit Anakin's true son (maybe Han?) to defeat him and Vader.
There is actually an old BBS (bulletin board system) message thread about Star Wars that I read recently from the early days of the Internet (probably ~1981-82, etc.). It's FASCINATING to read, and people are asking those same questions... who is this "other," etc.

I recently saw it posted on /r/starwars, but it didn't get very many upvotes, and now I can't seem to find the link. It's good stuff though.
IF VADER IS LYING WHY DOESN'T BEN SHOW UP AND CALL HIM ON HIS BULLSHIT

YODA MIGHT BE TALKING ABOUT....HAN?

BUT HAN'S GOTTA DIE BECAUSE WHY WASTE THE WHOLE BEGINNING OF THE FIRST FILM GETTING HIM BACK JUST TO RETURN EVERYTHING BACK TO THE STATUS QUO?
I thought Yoda meant that Han could be a Jedi or that maybe there was some other guy out there who could be. For some reason at the time (I was a kid)I thought only men could become Jedi. 

Vader was a total liar of course. 

Han being taken away like that totally blew my mind as a kid. That wasn't supposed to happen. Leia and Chewie didn't save him so obviously Luke will. When that didn't happen and you add Luke getting his hand cut off...oh boy. 
The NY Times is right! This movie doesn't have an ending, it just ends. And the Jedi master is a muppet with the voice of Miss Piggy. I want my six dollars back.
Boba Fett's Luke's mum.

Also why are we using the Internet in the 80s. 
[removed]
Are we suppose to assume that there is no laundry room/dry cleaning service on that Rebel ship that Lando couldn't get his clothes clean and not take Han's clothes?
Bastila- Eva Green
Bastila is portrayed as an Asian woman. I know we don't have to stick to that, but I'd like to.
I think Maggie Q as Bastila, Fassbender as Revan, and Tom Hardy as Malak would be great.
I always thought Karl Urban would make a good Carth. The rest can be pretty much unknowns.
I'd also like Danny Glover as Jolee though. For the youngsters, that is not the same person as Donald Glover who was recently cast as Lando.
You nailed Darth Revan and Bastila
Wow Fassbender as Revan would be perfect 
Revan: Henry Cavil (He's dark and brooding, he can be snarky and funny, and he's good looking. I can see him winning over Bastila against her best efforts.)

Bastila Shan: Emma Watson (Posh accent, uptight, and beautiful. I can see her fighting her affection for Revan while falling hopelessly in love.)

Carth Onasi: Timothy Olyphant (Older than Revan and Bastila, but with a grizzled swagger)

Canderous Ordo: Stephen Lang (C'mon... he's perfect)

HK-47: The Original Actor (He's just so iconic!)

Darth Malak: Michael Fassbender (He makes a great tormented bad guy and he's already proven that he can play a great part without showing his face in "Frank.")
Firefighting/Damage Control.  
Also protects from collapsing ceilings and exploding consoles.   
   
EDIT: huh, just found something really interesting.  
I think the helmet was patterned after the real world [US Navy Mk II talker helmet](http://combathelmets.blogspot.com.au/2015/03/us-navy-mk-ii-talker-helmet.html)    
It's that big to accommodate old school headphones, while still providing protection from shrapnel.
It is a matter of Imperial law that all Imperial personnel must wear a silly hat.
Because they are awesome
This is really well-made. The stormtrooper is my favorite tier. Does she bake cakes for a living? And what flavor is it inside?
It's MAN BEAR TROOPER!
Your girlfriend is incredibly talented!

Happy Birthday Scooter_mcnibblenuts!!

Cheers,

Peter Mayhew 
I can only imagine Chewy ripping apart R2, and wearing his head as a helmet. 
I've actually never seen a cake like this. It's neat. 
It looks so well made that I'd be conflicted about eating it or not. 
This is awesome! My gf is in the process of making me a bb-8 cake for my birthday this week. I'll post it when I see it! 
Why isn't she your wife yet?
Nice head. 
Very well made. I love her attention to detail. Does she do this sort of thing professionally?
Fondant looks great, tastes terrible. Looks fantastic though!
She did an awesome job!!!!
This is incredible.
Now we just need a /u/PeterMayhew appearance. 
Marry her
http://m.imgur.com/gallery/tTc9cKQ
Sucks that this is no longer canon...
Mmm edible Star Wars totem.
Now I'm sad that I don't have a Star Wars cake for my birthday. 

This is a fantastic cake! 
God damn, Chewie went psycho after Han died, didn't he?
The engagement ring you're buying is gonna be really expensive after that cake.
Bears. Beets. Star Wars Birthday Cake.
Here's the baker's sites:

Angelinocakes.com

angelinocakes@facebook.com
Very cool! 

Here is our stormtrooper wedding cake

http://i.imgur.com/4U0cqA3.jpg 

Whilst I like the idea of individual worlds raising their own units, such as the Imperial Guard does in 40k or as the different territories of the British Empire did in the real world (Ghurka or Mountie, anyone?) I don't believe this is the case for the Empire.

Contrary to your claim, there is no evidence to support your idea and I think you've just over-thought it.

The reason there are Snowtroopers  is to fight in the snow. Sandtroopers fight in the sand. Scout Troopers scout. Death Troopers ... death? The point is, Stormtrooper equipment is defined by the climate they are deployed to, just as any modern, capable military does with its own soldiers.

When the US went in to Iraq, it didn't only send soldiers from Arizona, Nevada and New Mexico. It equipped its soldiers to fight in the desert.
I'm pretty sure you're right in thinking death troopers are Krennic's personal force; they seem to always follow or accompany Krennic in the footage we've seen so far.

Also, shoretroopers have been called "Scarif Stormtroopers" or "Scarif Shoretroopers", so they probably only exist to protect the facilities there (which makes me wonder what they'd do with all that gear after the Empire no longer needs Scarif).
I also think you're too skeptical about the Empire needing climate specific armor.  For one thing, how do you reconcile the uniform design cues of all stormtroopers?  Snowtroopers are particularly similar to stormtroopers, sandtroopers are practically wearing normal stormtrooper armor.  Magmatroopers have normal armor plus a cooling pack.  If a dozen different worlds were providing the equipment, you'd expect to see more deviation.  If these are Ghurkas, where are their kukri?

The death knell I think is that we see the centralized predecessors of most of these troop types in the clone army.  I have a difficult time believing scout troopers are from a forest world when we see almost identical armor on GAR clones.

Sorry man, I appreciate theories but I just can't buy this one.  The Empire is all about centralizing control not just under one government but one man.
Every person in my theater cheered, it was amazing 
Is this a BuzzFeed article?
It's such an outstanding moment. How many iconic movie characters get reprized 30+ years later by the same actor? Especially in a franchise as big as Star Wars where the entire movie builds up to his first appearance. He gets talked about like he's a mythical creature.
I wouldn't necessarily say "chilling."
I'd describe it more as annoying and immersion destroying, but that's just me. I was happy when my audience reaction was awed silence. 
Damn I regret not going on opening day
That was a pretty unenthused reaction, to be honest.. 
This must be an American thing. Shouting and cheering during a movie? Seems pretty rude to me. 
Pablo said they weren't going to fully canonize or rewrite anything until the TOR MMO finishes up out of respect for the series. This was said on his Collider interview and not twitter.
If they go Old Republic, chances are it will a) not be while the MMO is going on and b) be very different from the Legends version, as Pablo said he wanted the technology to have an ancient/older feel and we've already seen ancient Jedi with lightsabers that look more like blades than the rod shape of the movies. 

I actually think Live Action, unless it's a big blockbuster movie, would be a bad idea. For one, it's far easier to animate a lot of sci-fi stuff rather than do it in movies (and too much special effects in movies will garner cries of 'but what about practical effects!!!???'). Two, it means more variability in species is possible. Three, a show like TCW or a video game like KotOR allows more content and a fuller story. If they don't want to invest the money in animation or a video game, a comic series has the same upsides of more flexibility in art and length of story.
The Clone Wars, I don't expect to see again onscreen for a long time. That's the era that would seem to be last in the rotation right now, as they spent the better part of 15 years telling those stories.

If it weren't for the MMO, I would expect some vaguely Old Republic films within the decade, but I gather that the game's life expectancy figures in there. But I definitely think that they'll go back; it seems like the obvious choice. Maybe even a 'Dawn of the Jedi' type of thing.
We probably won't see any live action representations of those eras for a while, sadly. However Respawn is working on an untitled video game that is going to take place in an era not yet explored by the new canon. We're not sure what this is yet though and the game won't be released for a few more years.
Hopefully a long time for Clone Wars because the last five years has been nothing but Clone Wars and as a new Republic fan that is really really annoying. The Old Republic might be better but I would rather it be more like the tales of the Jedi comics than the Knights of the Old Republic games.
Are you not counting EU?
I highly doubt we get anything other than a tv series about the clone wars and it won't feature any of the premiere characters if it happens.
They'll definitely go back, but not for a while - at least not until they've sated everybody with, like, 3 Obi-Wan Kenobi movies and 16 films about the life and times of Treadwell the droid.
They'll definitely go back. I've heard Pablo Hidalgo say as much in person.
I hope they never do the Old Republic.  That series always seemed too weird and science-fictiony to be Star Wars
I doubt it. Either they'll clearly escape or they'll be killed on-screen. This sort of "dies off-screen in another movie" ending is lame.
Nah, Vader gonna murder all of them, I just hope we get to see it.
Plot twist Jyn escapes during the fire fight, knocks out a TIE pilot and steals his uniform and banks her TIE into Vader as he's about to kill Luke sacrificing herself to the rebellion

/s
I expect some members at least to be held prisoner on it. It would be a good way of killing them off screen.
I could still appreciate this movie just being a one-and-done story. I just hate killing off some characters when there are still potential story opportunities.
It seems anti-climatic and actually kind of a gag for Jyn or whoever to get shipped off to the Death Star.  They should either survive or we should see them die on screen.
Maybe her and Leia had a lesbian prison affair. 
And then the crew retired to the peaceful world of Alderaan...
I suspect they will all die in Rogue One, but obviously, not before getting the Death Star plans handed off in some fashion to the Tantive IV/Leia.
I'd rather it be implied that she heads off to Alderaan at the end of the movie.
I'm sticking with my theory that there is zero chance of Jyn dying. There is so much potential for a whole series of films following her adventures during the rebellion. Just think of the marketing opportunities and Jyn's appeal to the  female demographic. It would be a waste to kill her. Also, fairly unprecedented. Major movie studios generally don't kill blockbuster protagonists (especially after one movie). 
Nah, there will be some deaths but the survivors are gonna get away and hide in Alderaan...
I doubt they'll kill off Jyn This could be a whole new branch of Star Wars films. It would be foolish to kill them off, particularly the main character.
You should fully expect any new character in rogue one to probably die.
This is reminding me of someone who said Rebels will end with the Ghost crew happily awaiting Leia' arrival on Alderaan.
 I'm sure Jyn wasn't on that thing when it blew. 
If they get captured either they're not alive long enough for the destruction of the Death Star to matter or it's the better way to go
She would be imprisoned on cell block 1138.
I wouldn't be surprised if something like this happened, given that we've never heard of these characters by name before.
Yeah - I like to think, that Rogue One dont end right before tve start of ANH, but right before the end of it, with some scenes happening simultaneously. 

Jyn watching the old gang running through the cell block from inside her cell, hearing the blasts, chewies roars or something.
Wouldnt think so, there would be mention of it in episode 4. You wouldn't blow up a base full knowing that they are still there and just be ok with it.
There has to be some kind of "...and they went down in history as nameless heroes" part at the end of the film for it to fully make sense. Starkiller was memorialized forever in the rebel insignia, and he didn't even do that much (I know TFU is no longer canon but the in-universe logic still stands).
She was piloting the Tie Fighter which bounced into Vader in the trench run.
If I look at the info we got now, I wouldnt be surprised if we find her dad to be held alive inside that bacta tank.......story wise that would mean that she expects to meet up with her dad, only to realise that she has to leave him behind.....and of course has to let him die.
And yes, I am convinced that this will be what happens in Rouge Juan.
[Short Story spoiler](/s "There was a massive prison break on the first Death Star. We actually see one of the escapees in Episode VII.")
I always thought that maybe they wound up on Alderaan and was there when it was destroyed 
I'd be cool with this. 
I strongly doubt there will be a ton of major character deaths (key word major). One, or maybe, MAYBE two at the most, and there DEFINITELY won't be any implication of an off screen death even if it's technically possible.

It's rated PG-13, but it's explicitly a family movie. They want to grab EVERY demographic, and when there's kids involved you have a different set of rules.

Basically, you can count out mass main character death and sacrifice (key word main), and our lead protagonist is pretty much bullet proof. If there IS death, it will be to serve another characters growth DIRECTLY and it will be PROJECTED, most likely directly with danger but almost definitely by being a nearly flawless person (without need for growth or improvement). 

At the end they'll probably give a cute explanation as to why the characters were relevant in the OT movies but not present, but they could even get away with giving an extremely simple "go to this planet on the other side of the galaxy" explanation. 

It may be grittier in execution and war-movie-esk (though it doesn't look much different in the trailers), but they're still jonesin for that Star Wars niche money, and killing everyone (even killing MOST) is a big red flag to parents for when Episode 8 comes around and everyone is saying "this one will be the most gritty one yet, all hail Zach Snyder!"
I live in the real world. 
She survives. No way Disney kills the first female lead. Backlash would be insane.
Coruscant is a word itself, meaning "glittering" or "sparkling", and is pronounced as you found on your trip to YouTube. However, the planet's name is NOT pronounced the same. The correct way to say it would be more like "CORE-uh-sant".

I managed to find a clip that features Qui-Gon saying the planet's name, [here](https://youtu.be/RNEQ3y1qPAM?t=29s).  (starts at 29s) I also found another character saying it, just to be sure,
[here](https://youtu.be/oI9BhjVHLFw?t=2m). (starts at 2min)
His pronunciation is definitely wrong. They say the name all the time in the films and the clone wars so I don't see how this argument happened haha. 
You're both wrong.  It's core-uh-sant.
Well you're both saying it wrong if your ending with "sent".
They say it the way you say it in the films, your friend is wrong 
I'm pretty sure your pronunciation is correct.
How can you watch through the movies and not know how to say it?
Coruscant, wait, uh, that doesn't compute, uh, you're under arrest
Timothy Zahn talks about this in an [interview](http://fullofsith.com/archives/1405) (at 9:30). When he gave this name to the Imperial / Republic capital planet in *Heir to the Empire*, he did so in the literal sense that /u/TheKieranator describes - "glittering" - because it had been described by Lucas as one big city (words that were later immortally echoed by Ric Olie). With that in mind, Zahn's pronunciation was as your friend pronounced it, "Kor-US-kant". 

That's how I always heard it in my mind while reading the books, so the TPM pronunciation (which is obviously definitive) felt a bit weird to me, though I actually prefer the sound of that now.

Interestingly, the 20th anniversary audiobook of *Heir* narrated by Marc Thompson pronounces it as KOR-us-CANT, despite being recorded long after RotS.
Kor us Kant sounds like someones trying to read the word literally... We all know how English works though...
Just watch the movies. They say it a hundred times
thats ok, i have a friend who keeps saying it like "Core Suh Kuhnt"
Cora-sant
Your friend's pronunciation was how I pronounced it when reading *Heir to the Empire* (the first use of the name); having that pronunciation in my head for years, I was surprised to hear the correct pronunciation in *The Phantom Menace.*
When I was a kid I always pronounced Tatooine as ta-TOO-nee. 

Also Utapau as oo-TAH-poo. 

My Star Wars friend had to correct me both times. 
Dooku has the weirdest pronunciation. When he receives the Death Star plans from Poggle the Lesser, he calls it Corr-uh-scan-tu
Here it is:

Chorus-Aunt
Hahahahahahaah I haven't laughed out loud in a long time 
Looks like they changed that "I Rebel" line to have a more definitive inflection.
Why would this not be expected? You don't bring in someone as accomplished as him to remix John Williams.
I hope we get the classic Death Star Motif.
If they want to keep the spirit of the saga-films unique, I think it's vital that they find a distinct balance between recognizable Star Wars elements and original material. Of course, the style, the worlds, some characters are vital to give viewers the sense they are watching a film that is part of a larger Star Wars universe. Yet, when it comes to stuff like an opening crawl or a soundtrack I think it's very important to differentiate from the saga-films. The saga-films are becoming the backbone of a movie-universe that is rapidly expanding. By not using the Star Wars soundtrack and/or opening crawl for movies like Rogue one, that backbone remains solid. If that makes any sense.
Sounds good to me just have a few cues of *"The Force Theme"* from time to time is all I ask.
This is good. I expect those slight homages to be the Force theme and Rebel fanfare. Giacchino is so talented, I'm excited to see what he can bring to the table.
He can be hit and miss for me, but when he is at his best Desplat can't touch him. *Up* is a masterpiece and *Jupiter Ascending* is a brilliant original big-fantasy orchestral score which proves he has got the chops for this.

Personally, if there's no Jedi in *Rogue One* I don't want to hear the Force Theme again, that thing needs a rest to keep it from going stale.
What I expected to be honest. He's a very talented composer in his own right so a blend of master and apprentice should be perfect.
great i feel like we need a new take on it now. Ofcourse John Williams is amazing, but its time to turn it over to the new blood.
 I just want some nice Imperial March reprises for Vader's scenes.
Giacchino has done *beeeeeyoooootiful* work on Pixar films, he's one of the few composers who I'm okay with replacing Williams. 
That's not really that different to what John Williams does for each new movie. There are callbacks to motifs but each score is pretty original. So, sounds good to me.
Mostly original, except for The Imperial March. I'm like 100% sure the March will be in the film.
He did amazing for both star trek and Doctor strange, i'm looking forward to it. 

His closer for Doctor strange, was straight up Pink Ployd, LOVED IT!
He said this about Jurassic park and so very wrong
I honestly hope they use Christian Baczuks work eventually. He really does a feels.
"perhaps you think you are being treated unfairly?"
I expect the homages to be something Imperial March esc for when Vader appears 
"mostly"  
That does not bode well. I knew the soundtrack would go this way when Giacchino was brought on the project.   
I want Alexandre Desplat back.
As Star Wars expands beyond the saga films and the influences that were specific to the saga films (like old 1930s adventure serials), it makes sense that they would drop some genre affectations (like the serial-style opening crawl) as the films evolve into new genres.

The whole point of Rogue One is to expand what the definition of a "Star Wars movie" is, so it makes sense they would ditch the opening crawl, especially since this seems to be more of a gritty war film rather than a jaunty, 30s-era swashbuckling adventure flick. Hell, if anything, Rogue One should probably be opening with a newsreel rather than an opening crawl.

Also, the fact that the opening crawl - an affectation exclusive to cinematic movie language - was crammed into most Star Wars books was *always* ridiculous.
Jedi are part of Star Wars, Skywalkers are part of Star Wars, Ewoks and Midichorians are part of Star Wars. Not every Star Wars story has to feature ever single part. I'm fine with there being no crawl, I think it's a sign they are confident that this movie will stand on its own as a unique addition to Star Wars canon, and as far as movies go, it leaves something extra special for the main episodes.

In the movies the other crawls had at least 3 years inbetween each one. With a new movie coming out every year now for the next few years, the crawl might start to become less special if it were a part of each.
Star Wars fans as always making a mountain out of a molehill. I remember people being angry about Disney purchasing Lucasfilm because "the movies will not have the Fox fanfare anymore!".
In my opinion, it's part of an effort to establish a new separation between saga and stand alone content. This is one of the first major media releases after the acquisition, they're trying to set a precedent.
Consider the other "major" releases since acquisition:
TFA (had a crawl, is considered a 'saga' release)
Rebels (has the screen with Star Wars: Rebels and music)
Star Wars: Battlefront (has the Star Wars screen with music)

I don't believe we'll be seeing crawls outside of the main saga anymore. Just my take.
I think this is a stupid subject, with or without a crawl the important part of the movie isn't happening within the first 2 minutes. Isn't everyone more interested in the actual movie?
Technically the Clone Wars movie was the first Canon non-saga movie. It did not have a crawl
I'm excited for what they'll do instead.
that was my reaction as well to saying they didn't want it because it's not part of the saga, yet almost all other Star Wars non trilogy stuff has it because it's just become something you have in star wars content lol.
I kind of wish they'd do something like this teaser where the Episode IV crawl starts and then turns upwards towards the screen. Gave me chills the first time I saw it:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UMUWqISDmpU


No one complains that TCW doesn't start with an opening crawl.
The books don't have a moving yellow worded paragraph set against the backdrop of space! Why do people keep saying this?
What the books have is their own version or spin on a crawl. It's similar but unique to books. That is what Rogue One will have.
I am one of the people that strongly agree this should have a traditional opening crawl.  I actually did my persuasive argument speech for my public speaking class on this very topic last week.  My three main talking points were euphoria, historical and clarity.


Euphoria: I think this is obvious for many Star Wars fans.

History: Like you said, books have them (even the new ones) and so does every video game I can think of, and that is a lot of them.

Clarity: How many people do you see confused about when this movie takes place and why is Darth Vader in it or what about Rey and Finn?  There are going to be a lot of confused people (casual viewers) that are going to be confused.
If you plan on watching Rebels after you've finished Clone Wars, season 2 might emotionally wreck you. Be warned.
Don't forget about the supplementary material after Season 6:

* Two unfinished episode arcs (one is included on the Blu-ray, both on StarWars.com)
* Son of Dathomir comic
* Ahsoka storyboard from Celebration Europe.

I think that's the correct order to see them, also.
It'll do that to you.

Good to see some positivity here, been seeing a lot of negative posts about the more recent canon installments to include TCW.
What'd you think of the fight in the Season 5 Episode The Lawless?
My man op. Clone Wars is an excellent show man. I love it a lot. So we'll done. Anakin and Obi wan and the clones and Ahsoka were so well developed.

Its a great show and excellent part of the Star Wars mythology. It even redeems the prequels a bit in my eyes.
It did an excellent job of highlighting the Order's flaws, and why Anakin would distrust them without outright making the audience question why the Jedi are the good guys. 

And if you thought s5 gave you emotional torque, wait until you see s6.
I agree!! Clone Wars is amazing, and Ahsoka is my favorite Star Wars character. I definitely recommend reading the Ahsoka book that just came out, after you finish the show.
There is a brief 'cameo' of sorts of Ahsoka in season 6.
It just works so well. It really is a much better path to make sense of Anakin's character and why he would begin to question the way of the jedi.
The Clone Wars was amazing. Rewatching it now and stunned by how good it actually is. 
Yesterday I watched the new episode of Rebels and it was horrible (worst episode I have seen of the show). Just makes me sad. 
Also want to add that I dont dislike Rebels at all, but TCW was so much better
I think my only problem with the Clone Wars and now Rebels is how Rex, Wolfe and Gregor avoided Order 66. In Rebels it was just said they had removed their Chips, and in Clone Wars is seems that the issue with the chips died with Fives.
If you liked the final arc of season 5, then you will like this video:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7EZYrynKh2Q 

Don't worry, there are no spoilers for you.
Ahsoka and Anakin's TCW season 5 end scene is one of the most memorable moments in all of SW.  Recently noticed that as she is walking away, a tear goes down her cheek but she is able to cope with  the decision.... Ahsoka is an strong and amazing character.
It's been a while but I know CLone Wars had the lost episodes as well, make sure you've seen those.
I just watched it 2 months ago, and I've almost recovered. It would have been so much better if they actually didn't cancel S6-8 and show more of Ahsoka and her past.
Hey OP what is your favorite arc? Mine is is Battle of Umbara arc and Mortis Arc
Nice some positivity! And you are not the only who liked Ahsoka from the beginning i loved her! She was just a young padawan who was eager to prove herself to a jedi like Anakin. I liked how we saw Anakin evolve in the clone wars and to see how the clones felt about the war.
Here is a supplementary scene from the unfinished but still canon [Utapau arc that would have been a part of season 6](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6UwklEWJvmg&ab_channel=Sanek94cool). I consider it my favorite scene of the entire Clone Wars. No blasters firing. No lightsabers swinging. Just two minutes of dialogue.
>The only one I can think of that had a similar effect for me was the OG Avatar series

This is the only show I feel was at least as good as this one.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3748528/releaseinfo?ref_=tt_ov_inf
I would guess Korea will be one of the first, South Korea mind you.
Don't spin it. He is meaning creating his vision, which is why they hired him. A film made to please all fans would be a mess as casual fans and die-hard fans have different opinions on things.

Was this post really necessary? 
He's basically saying you can't always give the people what they want, if Lucasfilm actually made 90% of things I see fans wanting Star Wars would be pretty bad. 
Good on him!
That's a great thing! Instead of trying to please everyone at the same time, focus on trying to please yourself.
It is a very interesting idea of making a movie for yourself.
Pretty sure it was Bane
Darth Bane is widely regarded as the Sith'ari.
The Sith'ari is not canon
I've believed this as long as I've heard of the Sith'ari. I believed that the Darth Bane was falsely labeled it, and it was Vader who truly fulfilled the prophecy.

It would make only make sense that to bring true *Balance* to the Force he would need to be both The Chosen One and the Sith'ari. While the Jedi presumed that would mean eradicating the Sith, it apparently means that it's necessary for there to be neither Order in the galaxy.

And the third line of the prophecy may refer to him in an unexpected way: by making the Sith stronger after destroying them, he's making them stronger by not being tied to the Dark Side.
Good question. I do believe though that in Episode III Yoda refers to Anakin as "Darth Vader" when sending Obi-Wan to kill Anakin. 
He heard Palpatine call him Darth Vader in the holorecording 
He saw the video of him being dubbed by Palpatine.

So like right away. Palpatine called him Vader when talking to Yoda. Yoda and Obi wan talked about everything obviously after the fight.

The question is when did Vaders presence again become news and that he was alive become known.

Maybe a few years in the outer rim. But I'm sure that news filtered out.
Well, there's no actual confirmation on how he found out Anakin survived and was Vader. We also don't know what Obi-Wan did over the years between ROTS and ANH, but since Luke had no idea who Vader was when he first heard of him, we could assume that Obi-Wan hasn't been on Tatooine all those years.
In the Legend's Rise of Darth Vader book, Obi-Wan found out when he was shadowing Owen & Beru & Luke and overheard a news report talking about Lord Vader defeating some renegade Jedi. At least that's one instance I recall.

Don't mean dick now, of course. Probably heard it on Space CNN.

He sees the recording of Anakin being named Vader, so I assume at one point he heard the name and that was that.
Canon-wise, I don't think there was ever an answer given.

Although in Legends, Obi-wan actually believed Anakin was dead for sometime until he overheard a news report talking about Darth Vader, and that's when he realized Anakin had survived the fight on Mustafar.
In Canon I don't believe we know. But probably just heard Vader's name on space news or something
All I'm hearing are orchestral sounds. I hear a whoop sound, but I think that's from the string section. I definitely don't think it's a sound effect that has blended into the score.
I checked other editions of the song and in all of them sounds that "whoooop".
"Everyone" doesn't think that so your point is moot. But a large number of people who think that are probably big Vader fans and those people tend to be hyper defensive about anyone trying to fill his villain shoes.

Or they are pissed about Han. Or they completely misread the Han scene. But it also depends on what they mean by "weak". Because in the final fight he was weak both due to injury and emotionally.
He's not.

All the comments from people in the thread saying he is weak don't understand the character, just wanted an emotionless evil badass with no depth like Vader from ANH (counting just what we knew of him from that movie), and probably don't remember that he got shot with a bow caster, was emotionally unstable and fucked up after killing his Dad, AND WAS STILL BASICALLY A PADAWAN. 

Kylo is one of the most interesting and complex villains Star Wars has, he's one of my favorite characters. He's the first villain that actually has an arc that we will see unfold on-screen. Before you guys respond "Vader!!!". He's essentially the exact same character from 4-6 with the exception of the last 20 minutes of 6. Everything else about him didn't come until years later. 

People have always been like "I want to see dark side in training",etc. Now we are getting that and people are crying that he's not the all powerful evil. 

The person that said he's not a good Star Wars villain because he is actually interesting and complex... lol. More proof they're just pissy and wanted a typical Saturday morning cartoon villain. 
Because compared to previous force users, he is. Those are the other demographic of characters people are comparing him to. Vader, Sidious, Obi Wan, etc. Compared to a stormtrooper, he isn't.
Kylo is great. The Anakin we should've had in the prequels. 

He is weak minded which is the point I think.   Given how strong he is with the force he was pretty shocked when Rey doesn't buckle when her mind is being read.   It has already been established that he can cut through a tough dude's mind like a hot knife through butter.   When he fights ray he had just been shot, killed his dad and was watching his planet base be destroyed.   

He is emotionally weak if that's a thing. 
Because he's portrayed as weak.  
Yeah, he can use telekinesis, so what? That does not make an intimidating villain.   
You don't have your protagonist overcome the antagonist in the first movie. It makes no sense.  
   
I'm not saying that's a problem though, it's fine for Kylo Ren to be weak. I see him as the third "protagonist".  
Finn has his story, Rey has her story and Kylo Ren has his.  
So in a sense, I don't think Kylo Ren is the true villain of the Sequel Trilogy. At least going by what we know from TFA.
I don't think he's weak, or at least not weak as a character, I really liked him as a character (he and Rey were the best parts about TFA), but as a classic villain he's portrayed in an inconsistent way and he loses power the closer the credits are.  When he appears for the first time, he holds a blaster bolt midair, but then he fails to read/control the mind of a non-Force user (when we see Vader and Luke had no problems in RotJ), then he (and Phasma, and Hux) fails to prevent the escape of a critical prisoner, then he fails to prevent BB8 escaping from Jakku, then he has his mind read by someone who hasn't received proper Force training, then he's defeated by said newbie Force user.

His emotions were believable, his dialogue was decent, as a person he was interesting, he's just not a good Star Wars villain.  At least from what we have seen in TFA.
It's probably more that a whiny emo doesn't instill fear or seem imposing in the least. 
This sounds extremely similar to the Kenobi Novel.
[Kenobi Novel Spoilers](/s "Story of a lonely shop owner in the middle of the Tatooine desert that is bored of serving moisture farmers and subconsciously wants more from her life; enter Kenobi, or crazy Ben Kenobi as the farmers soon call him. He comes at a time when all their lives are poised for change. Sand People are attacking in force threatening the farmer’s life and property. The farmers respond by contributing to a protection fund that is essentially an army called the Settlers Call. But the Settlers Call is a pretence for a criminal enterprise with ties to Jaba the Hutt. No matter the outcome, everyone’s lives will be changed and Kenobi is called on once again to be the hero. The protection of Luke Skywalker is threatened when the Sand People realise Obi Wan watches the Lars' Homstead from afar.")

I applaud your commitment to writing, but urge you to reconsider the plot for the sake of originality.


eh sounds kinda dumb
Sounds cool, reminds me of the Star Wars comic flashbacks
Im finding I love the political books more than the action books in canon. I loved this and Bloodline, couldnt get very far in either Aftermath or Battlefront (the novel). 

I think this book will add so much to the characters for me. I'll go into the scene where Orsen lands on Galen's hideaway planet, thinking on all those moments of back and forth between the two and Orsen's wife, while those who haven't read this will have much less of a background. 
I really like how we had *Ahsoka* last month which detailed kyber crystals from a Jedi's perspective, and now we have *Catalyst* this month which details kyber crystals from a non-Jedi's perspective (a more scientific one at that).
One of my favorite things about Catalyst was its insight on military politics and structure during the Clone Wars. I always assumed that the transition between the Republic and the Empire was pretty sudden and drastic. However, Catalyst shows that much of the Empire's structure and politics was already in place. The Death Star was under construction, they were frequently using the term "Star Destroyer," etc.
The book also shows a bit more of the transition between the Republic and Empire from a non military view. Overall, the book paints the transition as much more gradual than I initially imagined it, making it much more believable that much of the Galaxy was on board.
I really enjoyed them going into detail on the nature of kyber crystals as well as how the common people reacted to the rise of the Empire 
I was surprised to see Mas Amedda play a part in this, it makes me wonder if he's the hooded figure from the first teaser
From the story side I thought it was great. It added a lot of depth to the DS and its origin story. I will definitely be going into Rogue One with a connection with the Erso family and I anticipate that the ending of Catalyst will flow pretty seamlessly into the start of the movie. I'm hoping that Has makes it into the film but I'm not betting on it.

From a literary side, I actually thought some parts were kind of awkward. Most of the canon books are 3rd person over-the-shoulder storytelling from the perspective of one character or another. In Catalyst there were a few chapters though where perspective shifted from one paragraph to the next and we saw things that the current spotlight character didn't know. Idk just seemed like strange writing but maybe I'm just not used to Lucerno's style.

On a bigger picture, as I mentioned before this really added to the legacy of the old films in my opinion. On the other hand though, I think that it showed how paper-thin the Starkiller Base was in TFA. It was one of the flimsiest, least interesting, hastily inserted macguffins I've seen in sci-fi in recent years. I love the movie, hated the plot device. If the writers can make me care about SKB as much as I care about the Death Star, then they will be jedi in my book, and I'm hoping that they can!
Haven't read Twilight Company yet, but I definitely plan to. I loved the politics of Catalyst just because of the time period: early Republic, early spark of the rebellion. This book, and Tarkin, really bridges some of the gap between the two eras. 
I read recently that Mads worked with a 4, 8, and currently aged Jyn.  Can we assume they leave Coruscant around 4 and Krennic finds them again at age 8?  Jyn is around 21 at the time of the movie - or so I've heard - are we to assume 13 years pass in the movie?  Any insight would be appreciated.
I actually really liked this book. Not just as a Disney Universe Star Wars book but as a Star Wars book in general. I knew in my head that I'd be comparing it to the Legends death star book the whole way through and I have to say it actually matches it for how good of a book it is. Course this might be because it had a former Legends author behind the pen he's had a little more experience in this universe than some of the new Disney Universe writers.
I enjoy how the majority of new canon books are sharing a similar theme exploring destruction and oppression across the galaxy, all due to the Empire's quest for power, but more specifically the Death Star itself.  

Reading A New Dawn, Ahsoka, Tarkin, even the beginning of Lost Stars, we're all given these hints, some more obvious than others, that the Empire has been up to some top-secret ominous project.  Catalyst has kind of been the icing on the cake for me, since I've been enjoying this overarching theme and story or the Death Star.  

All of the books I've listed, and I'm probably forgetting some examples, feel as if they're establishing a new era of canon all centered around the Death Star and it's creation.  Or course Disney/Lucasfilm Story Group knows what they're doing and has tied up their little "new era" of canon with Rogue One next month, so I'm left wondering what the focus of the next chapter of canon novels will be about.   
I really want to enjoy this book, but I'm having trouble getting into it. Veteran Star Wars reader here, btw. Reading Catalyst chapter 7, currently... does it get better? The storytelling has been flat, and generally quite boring. The characters act unfortunately shallow, as evidenced by the lack of dialogue. Luceno devotes himself to filling up white space with character background directly, instead of it coming out through character interplay... and the plot devices have been plain lazy. "This is a dangerous mission, because we (Krennic's stand-in smugglers) might be recognized. Oh but wait... on this planet we will need masks to breathe, so that means our faces will be covered. Ha! Good thing the guy writing this can make up whatever he needs to make it work without having to be clever. We'll be fine, gents." I'm obviously exaggerating in a mocking way here but I've read better in Luceno's work. I haven't read the other comments in an effort to avoid spoilers, so apologies if this feeling has already been shared. Hoping you all can tell me whether any of this improves. Cheers!
I'll honestly probably do both.
Don't need to re-watch something I've had memorized, frame-by-frame, every bit of dialogue, since 1978.
i'll watch 1,2,3 before R1 and then the OT + VII

edit: R1 at least twice obviously
I'm re watching I through VI in release order before and then ANH again after.
After. I'm just gonna watch 1-3 then see R1 and then 4-7
I think I have seen ANH enough at this point. 
DURING rogue one
Weekly?
I'll watch revange of the sith before and a new hope after rouge one 
Ive scheduled my reading of Catalyst to be finished right before I see Rogue One which is what I recommend everyone who hasnt read it yet to do its really good. Depending on how the movie ends I may watch a new hope just to see how well the two fit together.
I would suggest not doing either.  If you get into the headspace of scrutinizing all the details of the films to see if they match up precisely, you'll have a miserable time at *Rogue One*.  They're films made by almost completely different teams forty years apart; there is going to be an unavoidable degree of slippage despite everyone's best efforts.
Do both. Maybe watch it normally the first time, go see Rogue One and then toss on the director's commentary when you watch it after or vice versa. 
Doing episode 3, go see rogue one, then episode 4.
I'd watch it before and after. To compare.
After.
The plan is before since I'm trying to get one of my friends to watch them and have to start at the beginning with them. 
I was going to watch it during Rogue One, that's allowed right?
Yes. Before. And After.  
Any really zealous fans would listen to the entire Star Wars Minute before ... http://www.starwarsminute.com/ (podcast where "each daily episode is devoted to one individual minute of the Star Wars movies, in order, beginning to end.")
I'm going to watch The Force Awakens instead,  same story as ANH but better graphics.
I'm doing a marathon with my wife for the OT over thanksgiving.  As much as I love watching the movies, they are burned into my memory so I can pretty much watch them whenever I close my eyes if I want.  

I might try and read the book /u/bioniczack suggested, but we'll see.  I still don't know where I'm going to be opening night.  
I probably won't watch it before or after.  I watched it again a few months ago and I think I'm good.  That being said, I'll likely watch Rogue One followed by ANH when the Blu-ray comes out.
Both!
Nope, before :]
Yes, yes is the answer.
Before...here I go...<remembers every scene, line of dialog, moment in ANH>...that was great, now ready to see Rogue One.
Probably ANH right before. I want to get any subtle references and connections. I think I've just about memorized it by now, but Ill always give myself an excuse to watch it again. 
I'm thinking 2, 3, Rogue One, 4, 5, 6 then 7. But I do like the machete order, so if I go that way, I'd watch 4, 5, 2, 3, Rogue One, 6 then 7.

I don't knoww. Any other fans of machete order want to weigh in on where Rogue One would fit? Possibly even first. 

Edit: I agree with u/cocobandicoot of going with order 
>RO, IV, V, II, III, VI, VII
I'm not going to rewatch it as I want Rogue One to stand alone. 
ANH and Turkey Day! 
I'm planning on watching the Clone Wars episodes with Saw Gerrera before hand, but I'm sure I'll watch A New Hope as well
I recently rewatched Auralnauts Star Wars Episode 4: Laser Moon Awakens, does that count?
I rewatch ANH in my head every day
After. Probably right after. I'll watch Revenge of the Sith here in a couple of weeks, then whatever episode(s) of Rebels airs before Rogue One. Then I'll watch Rogue One followed by A New Hope.
I REALLY hope they do a double showing with ANH right after in theatres. 
I'm going with After. I want to be able to view the events of that movie with the added context of what happens in R1. Should add some interesting perspective. 

I dont see the benefit of watching it before. 
i watch a film for xmas then come back home and watch the best sequel ever made. take a break then watch the BEST sequel ever made! then i will watch an okay sequel with a kick ass closing act, then an okay rehash sequel.
For episode 7 I watched everything in order.  Boy howdy does episode 3 make so much more sense if you watch the clone wars cartoon.  I watched Rebels that was available.  I know Rebels takes place before Rogue One and i feel like they said that the main guy behind it was in talks with the main Star Wars writing team.  I'm just hoping before Rogue One that Rebels leads up to those events somehow.  It has to be bloody.  There's no other conclusion.  
After. I've already seen ANH very recently, and possibly again in the near future, I'll have no need for refreshers. However, I might be interested in seeing ANH after, because Rogue One takes place minutes before ANH, IIRC.
Por que no los dos?
neither. ive seen it a thousand times! i did read the catalyst book though. 
I'm probably gonna watch Revenge of the Sith before Rogue One :D
I've watched it so many times it's always playing in my head. So..before?
Yes
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/vqgSO8_cRio/hqdefault.jpg
After. It'll probably give the story arc a sense of finality and I'll have a better appreciation of what went on beforehand as they blow up the Death Star 
One thing that makes no sense to me is watching ROTS before it. From what I can gather this will play as a prequel to ANH (or actually more like supplementary material to it) but not really a sequel to ROTS, if that makes any sense.
Both, probably.
Plan to watch it immediately afterwards.
I'm watching the prequels and maybe rebels then I'm going to see the movie. Then I'll continue from there
After.
If Rogue One really sucks, I'll watch it after to get the bad taste out of my mouth. I had to watch the OT in a row after TFA to get that bad taste out too. 
I've been watching A New Hope before it was called A New Hope. So be, and we already know the ending of Rouge One.
Ive decided to not watch Rogue One. 
I imagine they fasten a couple of MSE droids to their feet and use them as roller skates. 
1.2 meters per second.
[About this fast](https://youtu.be/1ppixjpHVOs?t=2m32s)
[This fast.](https://youtu.be/0jX5Bowpwjc?t=49s)
Walk as fast as you can. That's how fast they can move.
What the hell, this looks so official! How'd you do it? Did you do the packaging design too? 
ET is actually cannon in Star Wars.

http://imgur.com/r/starwars/zL8dQj2
ETPO -- Elliot, sir, the possibility of successfully phoning home with that pile of rubbish is approximately 3,720 to 1.

Elliot -- Never tell me the odds!
Over 6 million forms of phoning home!
Sn-n-noke?
Yours is certainly better than [this one...](https://www.reddit.com/r/CrappyStarWars/comments/3u3m7i/pic_e3po_ladies_and_gentlemen_xpost_from/)
Terrestrial wars episode IV: a new phone
The only thing I would change is the age from "4 & up" to "(His Age) And up"
Impressive. Most impressive. 
Remember, c3po has a silver leg plate in the original films
You are an amazing friend. I really wish I knew you. 
Reminds me of [The Sucklord's work.](http://suckadelic.myshopify.com/collections/frontpage?page=1)
Lucasberg would be proud!
Why is he flipping the bird?
Awesome piece. The only thing you are missing is the cutout to hang it on. http://i.imgur.com/Po7s1vV.png
Turn it up! 
Very impressive, I thought it was a limited edition cross over at first.
[Personally I prefer Creepio.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3nQvaP0BXg)
#[Asogians](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Asogian)
Can...can I be your friend?
it's missing C3PO's mighty [gold cock](https://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--uivsfBJQ--/c_fit,fl_progressive,q_80,w_636/17mvkaogzz332jpg.jpg)  
This would really come in handy with those binary load lifters
And to think: for the first time ever, if so inclined, you could make a LEGO version of the same character!

Oh, what a time to be alive...
/r/crappyoffbrands/
The price of M&M's are too dam high!
most impressive OP, I'd buy that for a dollah
*I'll take 2*
Looks pretty damn flawless to me! 
Your buddy better be the box fresh type because that is a tight creation.
If ET is cannon in Star Wars, does that mean that the film ET is cannon therefore our universe is cannon to Star Wars? 


truly a collector's item
Really good job!
This is glorious! 
post this in /r/crappyoffbrands
You win SciFi for today my friend.  Good job!
It's damn near perfect; next time use Futura though as your typeface for the character name for an exact match to the vintage style. Really nice job.
Awesome bootleg, man! Seriously, great work.
That finger makes him look... rapey?
Wow you even gave him a dick for a finger. Authentic as shit lol 
You should do a Stone Cold ET in classic WWF action figure packaging.
Bloody brilliant. Well done!
DIY????
Is that a hand from a boss Hogg toy?
"The troopers had guns not walkie talkies!"
Why did you make him with his middle finger up?
couldn't make one with a boner huh?
You forgot the silver leg. Joking of course. This looks very well done
Nice job! You should double-dip and post this over on /r/somethingimade for more of that precious karma.
ET-PO looks like he's about to go nuts at his kids 
Looks like he's at an Eminem concert.
You sir, are awesome.
How did you decide the age should be 4 and up
You did real good
If I had someone make me something so unique and amazing I'd prolly cry. This is amazing work mate!
Now we need all the ET Galactic Senators
Very creative.
The incontinent alien. 

ET pee oh....
I think it should be named E7-PO to better reflect the Star Wars robot naming scheme. Other than that its bloody fantastic! Super impressive work!
I want a custom Darth Revan :(
Someone show this to Steve Zaragoza immediately....
Am I the only guy seeing this and thinking about Lucio from Overwatch saying "Yeah, This is my jam!"
It's been done.

http://m.ranker.com/list/funny-knock-off-toys/jacob-shelton?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=pd&utm_campaign=KnockOff_Toys&asid=6062241537106
I just threw up.
ETPO is what I say when I think I've run out of toilet paper then realize there's a roll on the back of the toilet.
Just imagine if one was called Dominator.

Honestly, writers have to come up with something.  Don't really think there is any deep meaning here.
 I think within 20 minuets most of the GA is going to figure out this is taking place before Ep 4
No need for a crawl. Marvel movies don't have paragraphs explaining when and where the movie is taking place. Besides, a back drop and setting will be explained in some way, either a cool twist on a crawl or a monologue.
People are buying way too much into the notion that people will be super confused and not understand what's going on. It will be fine.
>It's taken from old serials

I'm pretty sure the prequels doesn't fit in the "emulating the feel and style of old serials", they're completely different than the OT and the ST.  So, based on that argument, don't really see why would R1 need a crawl.

And yes, you can explain your audience about what the hell is going on without expositing things.
Fantastic Beasts is doing pretty well and that doesn't have an opening crawl. Maybe audiences *aren't* dummies? 
While I'd prefer a crawl just because it's been in everything Star Wars I've been exposed to, it's not entirely necessary. It may be sad to see it omitted, but I don't honestly think it's something people should get too upset about. Just hope the film itself is good.
So what you're saying is that we need a crawl of what we already know? What would it even say? The entire RO film is in the opening crawl of ANH
1) did you ever notice that nearly every modern movie doesn't have a title crawl explaining things?  7 Fast 7 Furious didn't have a title crawl to explain what happened after 6 Fast 6 Furious.  Captain America Civil War didn't have a title crawl to explain what happened after Winter Soldier or Age of Ultron.  Fantastics Beasts didn't have a title crawl to explain that it's a Harry Potter movie but not about Harry Potter.

Audiences will figure it out.  And those that don't, a title crawl wouldn't help them anyway.  Hell, the *lack* of a title crawl will do enough to tell people it's not a normal Star Wars movie.

2) We have no idea what kind of standalone movies they plan to make in the future.  But based on the two we know about right now, they *are* separate from the saga films.  So let's not try and say "they might muddy the waters between the two" with absolutely no evidence of that happening.
No crawl, move on.
I'm okay with no opening crawl. Although it would be a missed opportunity if they didn't have the same opening that they used for the introduction of the Rogue One panel at SWCE. 
My comment for an earlier post :)

I am one of the people that strongly agree this should have a traditional opening crawl. I actually did my persuasive argument speech for my public speaking class on this very topic last week. My three main talking points were euphoria, historical and clarity.

Euphoria: I think this is obvious for many Star Wars fans.

History: Like you said, books have them (even the new ones) and so does every video game I can think of, and that is a lot of them.

Clarity: How many people do you see confused about when this movie takes place and why is Darth Vader in it or what about Rey and Finn? There are going to be a lot of  people (casual viewers) that are going to be confused.
A wizard, a pirate, a princess, and a strongman.  
It's so cool to see things like pictures like this surface after all this time. It's fascinating seeing what scenes could have made it into the movie, but were cut. 
I can actually hear them whistling nonchalantly. 
Cool still! I never knew about this scene. It really wouldn't make sense though considering that Tarken put all sections on alert, and just for how out of place they look!
Reminds me of Blue Harvest 
[Source](http://starwarsaficionado.blogspot.ca/2013/04/deleted-scene-rebels-what-rebels.html).
Remind me again why they abandoned their stormtrooper disguises? 
"Hello there fellow imperials, gosh it sure is great being an imperial isn't it? Isn't it a fine imperial day?" 
Diego Luna on the far left. 
A remnant of this scene still remains. Check the first 10 or so frames of the scene where Leia goes "You came in that thing? You're braver than I thought."
I was a little disappointed with how Aphra survived getting shot into space by Vader. 
Why the spoiler tags for the new series? It has been announced already so it's not exactly a secret. That character having their own series doesn't even really spoil anything that came before. 
I wonder how long before the _Star Wars_ comic bumps up to Empire, and what they will do after that.  Time jump?
I was totally into these leading up to TFA and into maybe March after that. I had to lay off buying up every single one and Darth Maul is the first thing that looks interesting in a while.
Great, a new darth maul series /s 
[Here's how he might've looked if he had never turned to the dark side](http://imgur.com/LG1pQ1n?r)
Based on what we see from other sith i imagine it's not out of the question that he would still wear robes or a cape, a mask is not out of the question, probably lots of black. Probably a red saber. He probably wouldn't be as big. Otherwise he may not look that different. 
[Probably something like this.](https://cdn0.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/OQEvn1S4HcKAjxF91-CTxgAS-e4=/0x38:677x419/1600x900/cdn0.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/48477395/kyloren.0.0.jpg)
I say he would look like he did in ROTS when he had the yellow eyes. The only difference is he would have a red lightsaber, all black robes, and most likely a new hairstyle. Maybe a buzz cut or just something not as long. 
I know I've seen images like this,  keep digging
It would interesting to see if he would look any different or what the differences would be, but aside from a red lightsaber I think he would mostly look like he did at the end of ROTS. He may add the cape, but I don't think so.
[Here you go](http://i.imgur.com/LozJsig.jpg)
Done and done!
http://i.imgur.com/KWMiJdH.jpg
I also took a stab at it:

[With some text added in](http://imgur.com/a/yL5wP)

[No text at all](http://imgur.com/a/ou4Sd)
Here is a Hi Res source if anyone wants to do it for that. [Rogue One cover.](http://i.imgur.com/pRPq71p.jpg)
All I see is rebel propaganda
I found [this](https://s19.postimg.org/owfom6rc1/1479751618.jpg) on [*Entertainment Weekly*'s Twitter](https://twitter.com/EW).
I like how Vader's helmet is less shiny to match Ep IV, but where's his silver "cheek"?
I think they are telling us the she is Vader's secret sister. Cousin? 
someone was repainting storm trooper armour and accidentally flicked the brush in Vader's direction. 
The reflection in Vaser's eye looks like he's staring at a pirate ship. 
[Thanks for making this thread OP now I have a new awesome wallpaper! <3](http://i.imgur.com/GSWZAVg.jpg)
From the thumbnail I thought this was going to be a picture of [dark helmet](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/villains/images/b/b7/Dark_Helmet_unmasked.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20120310153846)
/r/photoshoprequest 
The marketing for this flick really seems to be pushing Vader as a main selling point- I think a lot of people will walk away disappointed. It appears he will only be in the film briefly if you look at the trailers and listen to the news/discussions from the film. I hope I'm wrong tho.
More and more I'm favoring the Rebels version of Vader's helmet over the film version. 
I keep throwing money at my screen yet I still have no tickets!
[removed]
Anyone else kinda irritated by her? I'm really hoping Vader catches her and tears her a new one.
I think rogue one is over rated
Wonder what else is customized. 

Thrawn: And this turbolaser control station is going to be removed.

Pellaeon: What will take its place?

Thrawn: My drum set.
It actually appears in Iron Squadron if you turn the brightness all the way up. https://68.media.tumblr.com/4172727a017be0db83701ac36ec344d9/tumblr_inline_oh0lldF1VV1s0ldlq_540.jpg
Looks like an Ed Hardy t-shirt to me.
HOLY FUCKING SHIT
Looks like something a teenager from 2001 would do to their Mitsubishi Eclipse. *2Fast2Furious*
Oh man, this is awful - looks like a cheap tribal tattoo from the 90s - absolutely tasteless and it doesn't fit into the iconic designs of the Star Wars saga...
Man, I do not like this.  Thrawn isn't the kind of egotist to need this kind of pointless decoration.  At least it's a normal Star Destroyer, and not some kind of goofy super ship with spikes all over.
Badass AF. 

So if this is Thrawn's ship, does that mean we're going to have... Captain Pellaeon ? 
That's brilliant, also explains why the empire didn't paint their ships, and just left them grey, empire was about function and utilitarian usage, no personality, it's like seeing a Rolls Royce "pimped out" something is just not quite right, that being said, I love the Venators 
I think people that hate it.. are missing the point. 

Thrawn loves art. He used art to pick apart his enemies.. He has an overwhelming appreciation for art. 

So the question is, what does this art say about Thrawn? What is the foreshadowing here? How is Thrawn expressing himself?.. How would Thrawn pick this piece apart to overwhelm his enemy? 

Its.. Filoni trying to tell us something about Thrawn...something that only Thrawn can do. 

This seems like exactly the sort of thing the character would hate. Combine this with his super sinister delivery, and it's... Kinda like we don't really have Thrawn in the show. 

It's all just a bit gauche, isn't it? 
The tattoo on that star destroyer is totally unnecessary.
Never knew they were supposed to have designs on them! 

Interestingly, in *Heir to the Empire*, one of Karrde's men reports that the *Chimaera* was too far away for its name to be read off the side. Zhan took a guess about that feature of a star destroyers and was wrong.

This is way cooler.
Thrawn is such a badass that he can get custom paint jobs a kilometre long.
Oh cool, a Star Destroyer with a bad tattoo.
This is tacky as hell.

And while it hasn't actually been named yet, I'd prefer this not be the Chimaera.

We don't have to splurge elements of the Thrawn trilogy out in one go. Let's allow a little development. The longer we wait for the moment where Thrawn takes command of the Chimaera, the more satisfying it will be.
No one else has brought it up, but I think that the correct spelling is "Chimaera."
Yuck. I prefer my Star Wars to be free of douchey tribal tatoos or terrible affliction t-shirt designs. What the hell is this?
Am I the only one tho likes it?
Source: https://twitter.com/stevenmelching/status/800808002378874887
I quit watching Rebels after season 2; I personally found it uninteresting. I loved Heir to the Enpire. Will Thrawn make the show watchable for me?
Is that suppose to be a 2-headed Sarlaac?!?

I would say a Chimaera but it doesn't actually look like a Chiamera.

Whatever it is. It's fucking awesome.
I dont like the painted overlays and markings in rebels, they look very cheap and not related to the sw style. Great series but that part really isnt very good ino
Wait, are they actually naming it the Chimaera? That's awesome. 

As others have said his executive officer had better be one Gilad Pellaeon. 
not enough flame emojis!
I think the paint scheme is unnecessary. 
And on the next episode of Pimp My Ride.....
That is absolutely ridiculous.
Vin Diesel called and he wants his tattoo back.
Cool, we've ruined Grand Admiral Thrawn.  Can they just uncanonize him again?
Holy fuck, that looks awesome!

Way cooler than I imagined by reading the books!
Looks absolutely ridiculous. I hope shit like this never makes it to the movies.
I really love how such a unique design this is and especially that it's on the Empire side. This is definitely something special.
Oh my!

Well if they were ever going to paint a Star Destroyer this would be the guy they do it for.
I think the Admonitor would have been a better fit with the blue hue it had, but I'm okay with this too
kinda..... ugly
I'm really trying but this fan fictiony shit is why I never liked this character in the old canon. 
Not sure if this is really cool or really stupid...
What is the Chimarea without Joruus and Pellaeon...?

It looks like there is a guy on the top sitting at a desk
I doubt the Imperial Navy would allow this gaudy customization and that Thrawn would want it to begin with.
I like it. I'm anxious to hear the rationale behind it. I'm sure we would hear Thrawn explain the cultural significance that this design has on some system and how it fits into things. I'm intrigued.
Meh. Looks lame and pointless and not in line with his past eu characterization.
This is really badass. I would've preferred a fully custom designed ship, but this is awesome enough. 
[Holy mother of god I need this.](http://65.media.tumblr.com/4f0fa98e9f794bb12c9e3811956e8439/tumblr_n7gz55Aj5D1tu7965o1_250.gif)
Fucking. Badass. 
Imagine that.  It looks like a Star Destroyer.  Whoda thunk?
Really, a fucking tribal tatoo?
http://imgur.com/3s2Ppov

Snoke is Aku. Confirmed.
Well, in the new Canon. It's been shown plenty of places pre Disney.
Yes! I love that the Chimaera is still is flagship. Any hope for Gilad Palleaon being brought back? I loved him in the EU
Why would this be NSFW.....?
I just pissed myself at how amazing this is.
I sure have.  All i wanna know is when I can buy my tickets!!  
Yup, stopped watching trailers after the second one, and no longer look at any RO posts. Not going so far as leaving the sub, though. It's been easy enough to avoid things here.
Nah. I refresh the leaks sub like 20 times a day.
I'm not too worried. I'll likely read a couple of reviews before hand anyway so it's not like I would be going in blind. I won't actively seek out any plot points but if they get spoiled it's no big deal. 
No. Spoilers don't change my movie experience. I saw the spoiler for TFA and I still enjoyed the movie.
Me: "Probably should steer clear of any possible leaks until I see the movie"

Me to Me: "C'mon, what's *one* leak gonna do?"

Me: "I just want to play it safe"

Me to Me: "Didn't know you was a bitch"

Me: *continues reading leaks
I'm still going to frequent all the normal places I waste my time on, but as someone who doesn't generally go on twittter/facebook where things are shouted out at random I'm normally pretty good at not getting spoiled. Because of finals I won't see the movie for a few days so it'll be sketchy but I'm not super worried.
Not for a few more weeks. Once the people in Europe start seeing it then I'll start being careful about what corners of the internet I explore. 
Strong am I in the force, but not that strong.
It's too late for me; I'm way too far down the rabbit hole.
You'll still find spoilers, I saw that a character was killed by another character in 7 in a youtube comment for something completely unrelated.
I had VII spoiled by opening Steam (news feed). -_- No internet for me from release till I see it.
Nah, not really. I just won't pay that much attention, but won't get mad if I got spoiled. 

Then again, I just don't mind spoilers in general. I won't seek them out, but I don't think they ruin the experience of seeing a show or a movie.
I only watched the first trailer, I'm going in to this one blind.
I'm going dark a week before the release. No review sites, nothing. Of course, that hasn't worked for me in the past, because Facebook friends love to share reviews with bold titles like 'WASTED OPPORTUNITY' and 'WORST MOVIE EVER?' 
I have stopped following /r/starwars just in....

....shit.
Like with Marvel movies, I'm not watching the almost daily mini-trailers. Seriously, Civil War had more than 30, and each one had at least a new 1sec scene.  

I already have my tickets for the 16th, on the 14th or so I will unsubscribe this subreddit for a couple of days :D
I am going totally dark this time. Last year for TFA, I made the mistake of going on facebook for a bit and saw someone post a picture of Hans death scene in a post that was unrelated to star wars. I was livid. I've stopped watching the tv spots and anything else after seeing that extremely short clip of the death star firing in that international trailer.
Not sure.  Going to finish _Catalyst_.  Thinking about picking up this week's _Entertainment Weekly_.
Nope. After last time I'm not even rushing to see it. 
I've been dark since the 2nd trailer. I wanna read the Catalyst book but I'll wait until I've seen the movie. I have my tickets booked and I am EXCITED! 
I mean, you kind of already know what happens. 
Not gonna go out of my way to avoid them, but I'll stick to not watching any more trailers or clicking any more news stories about it.
I always say I'm going to avoid spoilers, but I have zero self control. I completely ruined TFA for myself last year, so I'm actually determined to go dark this time, especially since I'm so excited for Rogue One. I think I'll take a break from Star Wars forums and news sites around December 12th and then completely shut off everything on the 15th just in case I run across an unwanted detail. 

For me, spoilers aren't the big problem. It's that I have high expectations for these movies, so if I read stuff before and find out that something I really wanted to happen was cut out or didn't even happen at all, then I go into the movie already prejudging it. 
I got TFA ruined for me so I'm definitely trying to go dark. I haven't been doing great at it so far.
Haven't watched the recent trailers. 
I'm not. We know how it ends already, Leia gets the plans and Luke blows up the Death Star.
It already feels like ages since I read this book, don't recall any messages? But I'm guessing you may be talking about messages from Has so they could coördinate the Ersos' escape from Coruscant.

The Tarkin stuff I do recall though, since I've been confused about that myself. Even though the mission in Tarkin seems like it's the first time he and Vader really interact, the Tarkin novel actually does say that they've worked together in smaller capacities before. So Catalyst isn't wrong to say they've gone on missions together.

If you really want a contradiction between the two books though.. Tarkin doesn't get the Executrix until the end of the Tarkin novel, even though he's in possession of it in Catalyst, which takes place prior to it =/
1) That's a good point. It might just a plothole for the timeline, or maybe Krennic is just wrong. He was just talking about rumors after all. 

2) My guess for who was sending the messages was either Bail Organa or Mon Mothma, or at least someone on their orders. But no, they never outrightly say who was leaking info to Lyra, but then again they never leak all that much info. 
Wow, I had to look that up.  Never heard of it before.  I live near Raleigh, NC, and we have an IMax, but that's about as much as I've seen in the US.  Not sure 4DX has made it's way to theaters.

Now, at Disney and Universal, they have the 4D shows.  But I can't even do 3D as I get motion sick and migraines, so I'll take my Rogue one, etc, on as big a 2D screen as I can find :)
Didn't know they were for sale yet.
Sorry, couldn't ask any questions myself but here's a pic http://imgur.com/AlsZA3X
Since this takes place so close to a film made in 1977, did you try inject a little 70's into your performances? 
Ask them to give their personal ranking of all previous Star Wars movies.
How?

But anyway - 

What are the things that Rogue One needs to accomplish in order to pave the way for movies that are separate from any connections to the Saga films, seeing as Rogue One is a combination of new characters and story - with an existing prominent story and characters. 
Why did each of them choose to audition for/accept the job to be in a Star Wars film? 
Sith-Fett Enterprises 👍👍👍
Boba Fett is Snoke confirmed
I like how that is basically Notepad.
What Episode? I'm just now watching the episodes in S.4 that one of the SW REBELS writers wrote.
JACK BAUER!!!!
I think I actually remember seeing this back when 24 was on-air...
I wonder how many digits a stormtrooper can have in his or her serial number; if my back of napkin math is right, XY-nnnn is around 140,000 possible combinations, and there are bound to be more stormtroopers than that.  There's 9,000 just on each Star Destroyer.
Never put that much thought into it but if I remember correctly, in swbfii all stormtroopers had a name that started with either FN or TK if my memory serves me correctly. 
IIRC: In Before the Awakening you learn that FN-2187's entire unit is a unit of FN's and they assign each other nicknames based on their numbers. Everyone has one except for Finn because he's "different" than the other stormtroopers in his unit. But Phasma refers to them strictly by their numbers because they don't have real names.
Watch the holiday special, you will learn loads about the wookiee family
There is a decent amount stuff from Wookiee culture that occurred in the first Kotor game when you go to Kashyyyk. You could try and have him read up about the story for the game since it talks about the familial ties and the societal stuff for the wookiees.  
If you have time to read a novel, the book Aftermath: Life Debt talks about it. Otherwise you can check out the Wookieepedia article here: http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Aftermath:_Life_Debt and here: http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Wookiee
Hi! My name is Jobacca and I am a Wookiee. I would be delighted to help with your sons project. Like most Wookiee's,I hail from the forest world of Kashyyyk. While our culture may SEEM primitive,we are actually quite technologically advanced....we just CHOOSE to live among the trees and embrace the spirits of nature....like hippies. 

As evidence of our advanced technology,while you humans are just now learning and enjoying the various pleasures of VR,the Wookiees of Kashyyk have had this technology since at least the late 70's...we often relaxed among our friends and family during the Wookiee holiday known as "Life-Day" and enjoyed the holographic music of Jefferson Airplane,lame intergalactic holo-circus's and other,more adult-oriented virtual reality experiences. Also,Boba Fett cartoons which were actually quite good for the time and budget they were produced with.

Wookiee's have a strict code of honor,unless we dont. We really dont know what is and isnt cannon anymore,and hopefully the upcoming Young Han Solo movie will explore this issue in more depth. One of our chief exports is corn,or as the Indians called it,Maize. In any case,Wookiee's like myself enjoy a rich culture and our planet is a planet of contrast. Thank you.
Wookiees celebrate a thing called Life Day. It's kinda like Christmas. There's a holiday special with Chewbacca's family celebrating Life Day, but I advice you, if you ever watch it, you're gonna need LOTS of coffee.
https://youtu.be/7yKM6RExLlI

Watch from 12:28
Go to Wookiepedia and read the legends page about Wookies. It has everything you need
Maybe too much for age 8 lol (I have no idea what 8 is anymore lol) but Wookiee slave labor seems like something to write about that is clearly relevant to the world.

Otherwise I feel like that's Indian learning age and as far as I know the Wookiee's totally have tribal culture and stuff like that which is relatable.
It's not technically canon anymore, but the first book in the Thrawn trilogy goes heavily into Wookie culture.
Well, first, Wookiee has two e's in it.

Second, [here's a good starting point.](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Wookiee)
What the hell is a "wookie"?
Just look up D23 Star Wars poster on eBay. I have the poster on my wall. I love Sturzan's work!
Something like this happened to /u/WilliamShatner once.

Oh, and John Lithgow.
How you liking the John Cleese book? 
what am I looking at?
Should have added a gremlin. 
GREMLINS!
There's... something on the wing!
7.5/10 for Droid not being Chopper. s/
That is great.
This is rad. I'm curious, what did you use to make this?
Hey, so...stupid question. How did you do this?
Awesome, by the way!


My condolences for having to fly United.
When the X Wings come over the horizon, with the wakes of water shooting up....

In the theatre i literally went "yeeeeaaaAAAHHHHHH!!!!" 

Finn: "WOAH THATS ONE HELL OF A PILOT!" 

Me: "FUCK YEAH!"

I almost cried in that theatre. 
I prefer the x-wings

Maybe it's just me being a cynical bastard but the introduction to the Falcon felt much more like "hey guys look what we brought back" where as the X-wings coming in over the water was a really cool scenic battle shot.
When Han says "it's the resistance" I still get chills. No clue why, it's such an awesome moment. 
Poe's awesome piloting and 10 TIE Fighter kills is my favorite part of 7. To me, that one scene encompasses what Star Wars is all about, or at least what watching Star Wars 'feels' like. Ofcourse, there's the mythology and tons of other elements we all know and love; but the score, Finn cheering him on, and the traditional "Woohoo" just made it so much fun to watch. Get chills everytime.
I liked the part with the soccer ball robot.
The x-wings is my favorite part on rewatch, but on initial screening the Falcon was the best.

I was at a 7:00 screening on the premiere date, so nothing was spoiled. The crowd went absolutely apeshit when the Falcon came on screen. It might've been the biggest cheer** outside of the opening title splash.



** The Han/Chewie "We're home" moment probably would've been bigger if it hadn't been in so many of the trailers.
Chills and tears.
For me it was when Luke was shown.
Both shots were moving but the Falcon was the best. 
I cheered for the Falcon the first time.  I was grinning ear to ear the first time and still get chills for the x-wings.  
Hearing memorable music in a movie is always a refresher. John Williams' work always his close to home.
For me, it was the Falcon.  The X-Wing doesn't have its own music cue.
The best part about the first time we see the *Falcon* in *TFA* is that it's the **second** time we see her—the camera had previously panned across her while Finn and Rey are running for that other ship, but it was so quick most people (I assume) missed it.

Edit: [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwh8aau2Smo#t=24s)
I was grinning the entire movie. But the part that gave me the most chills was when the Falcon was revealed 
C3P0 looks in a Fowl mood...
Impressive... most impressive.
lol, that is the best one of those I have ever seen!
Nice!!!  We almost did something similar to this, but she went with an angry birds theme instead lol
careful with han's blaster. A lot of schools now-a-days are retarded with that zero-tolerence crap.
I feel like he really missed a darth nihilus opportunity here...
If only my school was based on projects of disguising turkeys.
He wasnt a Separatist.  He was an opportunist who foresaw the fall of the Jedi and wanted to join the dark side before things got bad.  He just wanted to be on the winning side.
My favorite part is the very end when Fives says "we did it, we've captured the capitol!" and Rex just sighs and says "what's the point of all this?"

It really hits hard because after five seasons of the show, countless battles, and hundreds of deaths, neither side seems to be winning. And in the end we all know the war amounted to nothing as both the Seperatists and the Republic lost. Rex just looks so defeated and tired of fighting that you really feel for all the clones. 
Hardcases death was so well done.  Live to fight another day brothers...
I love reading posts by ppl who recently discovered TCW.  That show made Star Wars infinitely better for me.
Krell wasn't a separatist. He was a very smart general and forsee that Jedi and the Republic will lose the war and something new will come (Galactic Empire) that's why he went to the Dark Side. 
I was wondering if it would be in the movie. I get the reasoning behind it. It's not really an official episode.
I don't really mind either way, but I guess you could argue that the comics and games open up with a crawl and they aren't saga films. Even so, I'm fine with this but I do think there should probably be something to let people know what era this is, as there's still people who aren't really sure what Rogue One is.
This is great news. And I'm glad they have said so before the film 

I really hope that actual title on screen will be just 'Rogue One'

I like the 'a Star Wars story' branding in the marketing. But just 'Rogue One' on screen would be very classy. 
Why forget The Clone Wars movie?
As long as it has at least one wipe I have no problem with this.
Will this mean the opening shot won't be on a ship above a planet??? These are the real questions...
Oh wow, I kind of assumed they would all have them.
Good stuff. Keep the crawl for the saga episodes.
I'm fine with this
Good
This is awful. Every Star Wars media has had crawls whether it be books or comics or video games. It's what makes Star Wars unique and Rogue One having a crawl is essential. I know they want the whole "this isn't an episodic film" vibe, but the crawl isn't that. The films are about the a Force and the Skywalkers, which Rogue One does not focus on at one but which is why we need R1 to have a crawl
Ayy lmao  

[Did a small edit](http://i.imgur.com/XZENuUQ.jpg), hope that's okay!
Man. I was trying to tell myself my episode iii obi wan would be enough...
I just see Vader. Y'all are wicked particular. 
Can confirm: that is Vader

Source: this picture.
I honestly dont expect Vader to do anything physical in this movie. (except choking Krennic.)

I see everyone is expecting him to go ape-shit and kill everyone, but we haven't seen anything like that. All we have seen from Vader when it comes to Pictures and trailer is him talking basically, being like a leader (Like Palpatine in the OT basically). 

This movie is not about the jedi or sith so I think he should have a small role. I feel like if you expect him to do some crazy shit, you will be dissapointed. 
Something looks... Off. His neck has a gap. Or has that always been there. And his suit looks just off
I'm all for canon accuracy and making his costume look less shitty than in ANH.  Perhaps that's what they are trying to do...I guess we'll find out in 24 days!
Aren't they overusing Darth Vader in the later promotion material? I feel like some people are going to walk out of the movie disappointed..
I NEED THIS IN UHQ!!!!!!!
Yeah Vader's back!!!
Noooooooo the robe is under the chest piece whyyyyy
Perhaps they caught this "mistake" about the robes after filming and have fixed it in post (not unlike adding Kylo Ren's helmet to scenes that were filmed without it in TFA). I'm hoping. This really shouldn't bother me as much as it does.

The other thing to consider is the costume changing from ROTS to ANH and then again in ESB/ROTJ. Maybe he just has new suits constantly being created and improved upon. Or maybe he's superstitious and he tried the robes over one day, then the Death Star got blown up and he never went back to it.
Who's playing vader in suit?
Ugh, I understand the need to stay true to the classic form, but there are at least some minor tweaks that could have been made to update the character. Not big design changes, but just seamless transitions between materials as if he was actually a cyborg with a cape and robe on and not a human wearing a cyborg with robe costume.

I do cringe a little bit when seeing the 70s light and rocker switch designs, but again, I understand the need to stay original.
Looks younger.  I think?
Looks weird. Just like it did in episode 3. Oh well. Not for me anyway.
I hope an x-wing Flys through the open AT-ACT
and here's a similar edit of as much of the space battle as i could find :) Turns out two shots that they have been using look like they might be part of one longer shot. ( see at the the end of the loop with a small jump where the missing frames go)

https://imgur.com/gallery/XhiX5
I'll admit that some of the first/second trailer CGI had me a bit worried, but this is fucking awesome.  I'm glad to be proven wrong.
ar ar ar ar ar 
I love the sense of placement these shots have. Gareth Edwards is great for that. Even if it's a quick cut or a long cut, there's always a sense of placement and focus. You know where you are in 3D space, automatically. That's the sign of a Director who wants you to know exactly what you're meant to know, no shaky cam to obscure the ideas. He's a confident guy, and that's great to see, especially in his third flick. 
Damn this movie looks gorgeous. There's something about the way it's shot that makes everything look familiar yet really new. I can't really put my finger on it, maybe it's just Gareth Edwards' style, but it just feels like we're seeing the Star Wars universe from an angle we've never seen before. I got a similar feeling in TFA during the Falcon chase on Jakku. 
I'm pretty sure there is a shot you missed of a close up of the gun shooting at the at act's leg.

Edit: here you go. You might want to edit this in. https://youtu.be/HSeovXwmOR0?t=1m52s
Flying around directly in front of an AT-ATs guns seems like a bad idea. But I guess it mostly worked for the snowspeeders...
awesome how the sides of that AT-AT in the back are completely open 
As a child of the 90's I grew up on the 1995 VHS box set.  I'm OT to the core.  The PT wasn't bad, but it just never had that OT magic for me.  Everything I've seen from Rogue One makes me think it will be the best Star Wars film yet.  I get chills from all the media released so far.  The combination of OT aesthetics and modern film making technology is awesome!
God damn, I want to be a U-wing door gunner when I grow up!
That loop is really entrancing. I probably spent 4 or 5 minutes just letting it play. 
Hey! That's cool! Nice work!
Doing gods work!
*ONE MINUTE*

*STAND UP*

*HOOK UP*
Is that an ion cannon mounted on the U-wing? Looks like it bases on the color of it's blaster fire.
Next you should try to piece together jyn's speeches
So I have no problem with the visuals of this shot, but I'm fairly certain had this been in a prequel it would be bashed incessantly for "overuse of CGI" . . . because not a bit of that is a miniature or otherwise real. . . again though, I'm fine with it, just something I noticed. 
Wow. Well done. Can't wait to watch this part. 
Looks like a video game cutscene. =/
There will without a doubt be a jump in time. We will probably get the opening scene with Rey and Luke then it will jump. Why do I think so?

1. Rey will probably get some training and stuff with Luke, we dont need to see EVERYTHING

2. Finn is badly injured and needs to recover

3. Kylo is ALSO badly injured and needs to recover

The only reason there is no jump in time in the beginning is probably because they are setting up a "I am your father" scene

The reason I'm not worried about it is because Rian Johnson said he had no idea he was breaking a long-standing tradition by not jumping forward, so he just wrote what he thought to write. He didn't come up with some convoluted plot just so we can have a "time jump" which doesn't really mean anything. I don't love Luke and Han and Leia for all that character development in between the movies, I love them because of the movies! 
It really depends on the implementation. For example, there could still be a gap - in the middle of the movie, which can be explained away easily. I highly doubt they will do it but it's possible to do. I'm trusting that they have a pretty good plan put together for it. 
I quite like it. Makes the two movies a bit more connected.
The crawl text will be intresting. What can the text explain that ain't super lazy (Rey meet her father on this abandoned jedi temple) or things we already know. 
Just make it like Deathly Hollows part 1 and 2.
As far as being believable and natural, I think that that depends on the quality of the writing. This new story can be just fine, albeit withing a tighter timeframe.
I am totally ok with it for this trilogy. I think they have a grand plan.  And really, how the hell did it take 3 years to find Han at Jabba's Palace?  They knew where he was going the whole time.
What's important isn't tradition, but doing what's best for the story. There was a big time jump after TPM and ANH because they were more introductions. The sequels jumped right into the core conflict. RotJ, however, doesn't start all that long after Empire, because Empire ended with the characters in a really conflicted, interesting place. 

TFA, like Empire, ends with all the main characters spread apart. Rey is away confronting Luke, whose current story is a complete mystery. Finn is unconscious. Kylo is wounded and in training. It would be lame and a disservice to the story were the sequel to skip past the resolution to all those conflicts. Had TFA ended with an award ceremony, there would have likely been a time jump. 
I really hope there's at least some kind of implied time gap, maybe suggesting that Rey has been on the island training with Luke for months. It would give Fin and Kylo the opportunity to heal and develop as characters, and could provide a more interesting point for the story to jump off of.
My guess is that we might see the immediate follow-up of Rey & Luke, Finn healing up with Poe and Leia, and Kylo's recovery. but that the movie will skip ahead several months to where Rey has some training, Kylo has learned under Snoke, and Finn is a full fledged member of the Resistance/Republic navy with Poe.   
  
I'd like to have seen them stick to tradition and have a time jump, but like you said, after the dramatic ending of TFA, it's understandable it would pick up right after that.  So even though I'd like it if they had stuck to tradition, it's really just a nitpicking issue.  It's not something I'm going to complain about if the movie is still good.  

But I do hope they return to having a time gap for IX, even if it's only a brief gap.
I'm not too concerned about the lack of time jump. I'm wondering what the time jump was from the destruction of star killer and Rey finding Luke. They didn't really touch on it in the movie but I doubt that Rey immediately took off to find Luke. We don't know how much time passed from Rey hugging leia to her finding Luke at the end. I think there will have been enough time passed to explain Finn and Kylo's recovery and to still have no time pass from the last scene in the movie to the new one. 
I'd say that the movie starts out with the First Order regrouping after the explosion of Starkiller Base. Then there is a time jump to Rey and Luke training
Clone Wars chronology is a little weird. There are two episodes before the movie, then the rest of the series is after it. [This is the Ultimate order, which I highly recommend.](https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWars/comments/35ex94/the_clone_wars_ultimate_episode_order/)
Yes. The movie is actually just the first four episodes of the series merged into one full-length film. It's just an extended pilot.

Be warned, however; *The Clone Wars* movie is generally regarded to be the weakest link in the saga. It's a very poor precedent to the remainder of the series. If you don't like the movie, give the series a try.

It just gets better as it goes on.
There are a few episodes in the series before the movie. 
Clone Wars movie. Though the series i known to be out of order, so I prefer chronological order. But yeah, movie first.

Although if ya wanna fit both clone wars cartoons together, it goes something like the first 20 something episodes, then all of 3d clone wars, then the rest of 2d clones wars. Then episode 3.
Ay this is real chill man thx for sharing 
I dug it. Reminded me of some old Sneaker Pimps. Thanks for sharing! 
Love the beats. Keep up the awesome work
I also make beats and love SW.  My friends and I mostly do lo-fi and or future sound stuff.  Followed you on SC and showed several buddies and everyone fucks with it!  Great sound man
I think I would prefer a book or comic miniseries.
Nah, there is one. Robot chicken made it already. 
No thank you. Move the story forward. 
The book Plagueis covers this really well, albeit, not from Palpatines POV but it still shows his motivations for doing what he does very well
Nope
I could not disagree more
Nope
People seem to need a reminder of the rules.

>* **Respect fellow redditors**

>* **No sexualization of people or characters**
It looks like there's a badly photoshopped hand coming out of the carbonite trying to attack you. 
I hope your friend keeps the statue in their room, so they can turn over in the middle of the night, see Harrison Ford's face, and remember that everything will be alright.
Not the carbonate!!
I just realized my phone autocorrected "carbonite" to "carbonate." Well, that's embarrassing. 
This looks familiar...by chance, was this at Bash of the Empire in Atlanta?
For a second I thought that your friend won a cosplay competition cosplaying as frozen Han. I imagined him holding that face while you wheel him around a convention and it made me smile.
Lotta thirsty nerds in this thread lol
We have one of these at my office!

[Image](http://i.imgur.com/k8ZpdRj.jpg)
That's awesome! How did they manage to win it?
Is there a trash compactor for this comment section?
I'm jealous as hell 
So glad to see a Star Wars/JoJo crossover is possible with all this posing.
It took me a bit to realize that hand was actually yours. Like it was the Nintendo hand or something in real life.
How/where did they win this? That is fucking awesome!
Congratulations on winning
[I'm glad you stood in front of it instead of standing beside it.](http://i.imgur.com/fxj7BUz.jpg)
Upvoted because of Han.
A fellow Basher of the Empire I see!  Next party is in December!
[Neat](http://i.imgur.com/nEEFbrh.gif)
I visited a cool board game shop in Portland, OR and saw something like this. Not gonna lie, I stood there for awhile admiring it. Well done, Portland! http://i.imgur.com/MFIwTUI.jpg 
you look EXACTLY like Liza Weil 
No joke, I read this as "won the life size replica of Han Solo in carbonite contest" and I thought he was in costume.
Mission accomplished, Jedi.
Jesus that excites me.

The idea of having a life sized han in carbonate would make me the envy of my friends.

My gf would hate it tho.
You look cool. 

The photographer though, should have noticed it looks like there is a hand coming out the carbonate. That's on them, not you.
So that shirt or dress or whatever you're wearing is awesome. Where did you get it if I wanted one?
Can you post a pic of just him?
>~~trying~~ succeeding 

FTFY
I'd just like to point out that carbonate and carbonite aren't the same thing :D
Is that a Death Star romper? That's hella sweet
oh SHIT your arms floating!
Great pose along with Han but the hand felt outta place I guess the light ruin it 
https://youtu.be/So-YyfEUb1w
I get it: cosplay of Burn Notice Star Wars. Fiona has to trick Jabba and get Han back. That's why the barge blew up so easily on Tatooine! You know how Fiona puts too many explosives. 
you look very...

ゴ^ゴ ゴ^ゴ ゴ Menacing ゴ^ゴ ゴ^ゴ  ゴ^ゴ  
Where'd you get the lightsaber?
You can get much better photo ops at the star wars celebration in april! :-)
What are the wristbands for? Was it some convention?
Came to the comments to upvote someone making the short saber joke. How has no one posted this yet?
Dammit I thought it was r/roastme !
picture would be 10x better if the replica wasn't 50% covered
You are pretty hot for a die hard Star Wars fan. Mad props 
[Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid.](http://i.imgur.com/r4eNt1Y.jpg)
[deleted]
I spent far too long trying to figure out why there was a left hand and forearm just hanging in the air. 
My dumb ass thought there was a random floating forearm and hand 
For a couple of seconds I thought It was a younger version of Bastila / Satele Shan from TOR
i think you win at being cool
You look like Spencer from Pretty Little Liars.
1.  Everything about this is cool


2.  Your pose is awesome, I would just recommend that you lower your elbow a little in the future because that's why half your arm is missing


3.  Why did you choose Obi Wan's prequel saber?
They're gonna like this over on /r/blunderyears in 2022.

are u the girl?

edit; nvm i see it know.
[removed]
You look so much like Liza Weil it's insane. 
Your cheekbones and jawline are a little different, but your eyes nose and lips are really close to a young Carrie Fisher.

Edit: Downvotes for comparing her to Carrie Fisher? What is wrong with you people?
I'd say you pulled it off. You certainly look cooler than [I do when I try to look cool with a lightsaber](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HPPj6viIBmU).
Claire Danes??
[removed]
[deleted]
Arent you a little short for a lightsaber? 
Nice, you stay in shape. I approve.
Is it a replica? Is it really? 
[removed]
Dat Guardian.
If he actually were frozen in **carbonate**, all Leia would have had to do was dip him in water and wait for it all to dissolve.
Hey, you look fine. Cool prize!
I see, you're still a padawan at acting cool.

You've got a lot to learn from the carbonite frozen man behind you
wow you are like a doppelganger of [my best friend](http://imgur.com/tb8mPMK) I thought you were her til i noticed the lack of tattoos/piercings.   either way cool lightsaber.
[removed]
Awesome nerd pic!
You look like Canadian Claire Danes
what a horrible stance
[removed]
[removed]
You look unsettlingly familiar. Unsettlingly so. Do you have Australian relatives? If not, you have a double down here somewhere.
I'm just sayin i wouldn't be upset if this became a permanent thing.
Our Happy Empire #3

Vader begins looking at other paths

Art by the illustrious /u/Jorymo

[Our Happy Empire #1](https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWars/comments/5apasd/our_happy_empire_1/)

[Our Happy Empire #2](https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWars/comments/5c7ikb/our_happy_empire_2/)


Heh. "Old Republic Navy". Love it.
LAZER MOON!
Baha. I'm loving these, keep em coming!
I'm glad that these are a recurring thing!
This reminds me of star wars detours with the space mall bit 
*desperately searches for a way to follow specific users*
Darth Maul should run this place. 
I about died laughing at the drawing of the Mall Star!
(Minor nerd alert:  the Senate was dissolved in SW, it didn't exist after the battle of Yavin, unless the Senate started working again before RotJ)
Is vader going to rename himself to Regional Manager Vader by any chance? Really getting an Auralnauts Lazer Moon vibe from this, though that isn't a bad thing. 
Yaass!!!!!
Those scientists are dead for sure. No doubt.
The first half was incredible. My favorite part was [Catalyst Spoiler](/s "when the Erso family were spared death by battle droids due to the shut down command")
More than anything Catalyst made me dislike the Starkiller Base. Think about this, the DS clearly took a monumental effort that had to be undertaken in maximum secrecy for years on end. On the other hand, SKB popped out of nowhere, as if everyone was surprised that the First Order had it. I know suspension of disbelief and all, but SKB was way more of an undertaking than the DS ever was. 

On top of that, with Rogue 1 coming up we can see how the DS was such a flash point in the plot. It brought the characters together and served as a great macguffin. SKB on the other hand seems like a cheap device introduced half way through the movie. There's no story behind it. No drama. What are all yalls thoughts?

* loved the rivalry and the difference between Tarkin seeking prestige through supporting the Empire and Krennic seeking power and glory.

* I think it was because this is the end of the story for the elder Erso's, and its Jyns story next (Rogue One). Its also an epilogue chapter and epilogues sometimes do things like this.

* Ded.

* still at Geonosis, with Sentinel Base being a half-way checkpoint you have to hit before going there. This is where Tarkin is stationed in Luceno's previous canon novel "Tarkin" which takes place chronologically after this but doesn't involve the Death Star.

I loved it, might be my favorite canon novel to date but there's not a lot out yet (and I haven't read Ashoka yet).
Just thought of another question... so where did the original Death Star plans come from? That whole subplot with Poggle the Lesser confused me... he said the plans came from Count Dooku?

So who actually had the original idea then? And we're the Separatists actually building a battle station?
Really enjoyed the book. Served as a great transition and gave a lot of great info for the transition of the Republic to the Empire.

I loved the first half but the second half seemed to lose pace and meander a bit. Seemed unfocused on what it the center of the story was. But the last few chapters recovered nicely.

Overall, a great set up for Rogue One. 
I finished it last night and I really loved it. It may be my favorite book so far in the new cannon. I loved Krenik as a character, and it did a great job of making it believable that Galen and his family could be manipulated without them knowing. I'm kind of sad that we probably won't be seeing more of Galen or Krenik outside of this book and the movie. 

My main complaint is the ending. It's too neat. Too nice. Too happy. Krenik gets "defeated", all of the main cast and main supporting cast survives. It's too friendly. Even Has lives happily ever after. At this point the Empire is becoming its strongest and it shouldn't have been as hopeful as it is. 
Loved the book.  Very fond of Galen, Lyra, and Saw.  Pretty sure Rogue One is gonna gut me.
Really enjoyed the book, I loved Krennic, can't wait to see him in live action. His rivalry with Tarkin is fun, and his relationship with the Erso's was interesting to watch develop. 

It was fun to have a book that will be so relevant to live action media (or seems like it will) vs the side stories that happen between events of the movies. The actions taken in this book will (again hopefully) make waves in Rogue one as far as the construction of the death star and Krennic's place in the Empire. 
I really want to enjoy this book, but I'm having trouble getting into it. Veteran Star Wars reader here, btw. Reading Catalyst chapter 7, currently... does it get better? The storytelling has been flat, and generally quite boring. The characters act unfortunately shallow, as evidenced by the lack of dialogue. Luceno devotes himself to filling up white space with character background directly, instead of it coming out through character interplay... and the plot devices have been plain lazy. "This is a dangerous mission, because we (Krennic's stand-in smugglers) might be recognized. Oh but wait... on this planet we will need masks to breathe, so that means our faces will be covered. Ha! Good thing the guy writing this can make up whatever he needs to make it work without having to be clever. We'll be fine, gents." I'm obviously exaggerating in a mocking way here but I've read better in Luceno's work. I haven't read the other comments in an effort to avoid spoilers, so apologies if this feeling has already been shared. Hoping you all can tell me whether any of this improves. Cheers!
Lived with a manipulative "friend" for a year who always had an excuse before you even called him out on anything. God, Luceno nailed it with Krennic. 
I like the rocky texture
You rebel scum! Feel the wrath of the Empire!
r/StarWarsTattoo
Finally a nice tattoo.

Thank you for not doing the weird half and half logo.
Put a dab of lotion on that. Looks like its cracking. 
You will be defeated by the empire! 
Finally! Not another one of those fence sitters that half-ass either side (quite literally)

[Anyway..](https://youtu.be/9aspp1r0tS4?t=5s)
Rebel propaganda...
We got a fukin' jihadist over here. 
He allowed the *Falcon* to escape the first Death Star because he had a homing beacon placed aboard and then intentionally allowed it to escape (with the plans) to track it to the Rebel's secret base, which is how the Empire discovered it's location.

Remember Tarkin asks Vader if the homing beacon was secure aboard their ship and that it was an "awful risk".
Wait, are you referring to A New Hope or Return of the Jedi?
This scene does an *excellent* job of illustrating Vader and Tarkin's relationship. Tarkin, it seems, understands The Force, but believes Vader to be the only remaining link. But he trusts Vader when he says "I need to take of this alone." Like - "OK I thought that was all over but if you think this is legit, only you would be able to take care of it anyways, get it done."

Also an interesting look into OBW and Vader's relationship - *He* is here - the only one I am worried about. Both Vader and Tarkin understand the threat of OBW, especially since OBW's plan *isn't* to escape. Really a great dynamic and an excellent example of 'show don't tell'
I do also love the beginning of Vader and Obi-Wan's fight.  Vader standing motionless, lightsaber already activated.  Obviously both of them know that fight only ends one way, but I love that Vader is just so ruthless about it.
"A tremor in the force"


"The jedi are extinct; their fire has gone out of the universe"


Such good writing! Interesting metaphors and symbols that I feel like the prequels did not have.
The Tarkin novel (which is a great read if you want to know more about the man), goes into more detail about the relationship between he and Vader.

Without spoiling too much... Tarkin remembers having worked with the Jedi (and Anakin and Obi-Wan) during the Clone Wars. So when only a handful of known Jedi were able to escape Order 66 (Anakin being one of them) Tarkin puts two and two together and (although he doesn't say it outright) is pretty certain that Anakin became Darth Vader — particularly due to Anakin's closeness with the Emperor, which has only otherwise been shared Tarkin himself.

Darth Vader and Tarkin go on to work together on a couple missions that enable them to find a mutual respect for one another. I wouldn't go as far as calling them "friends," but they open up to each other about some of their past (even Vader, to a much smaller degree), and know when to call each other out on their shit. They both have a seat at the Emperor's table, but for different reasons — Vader as the henchman, and Tarkin as the military strategist. They both know to stay out of each others' business.

For that reason, as indicated in the scene OP linked, Tarkin knows to let Vader handle Obi-Wan, while in the [other famous Vader/Tarkin scene](https://youtu.be/Zzs-OvfG8tE?t=9s) — where Vader starts to choke Admiral Motti — Tarkin tells him to knock it off, and Vader does so because he knows it's not his battle to fight.

It's just an interesting dynamic between these two, and I wish we could have seen more of it on-screen. Perhaps in Rogue One.
Whenever I watch these scenes, I can't help but feel awkward on behalf of the classically trained British actors.  Knowing what we know now, it's easy to accept the dialogue because we know it contributes to a cultural phenomenon - but these actors must have felt silly talking about Jedi and "the force" and Darth Vader!  I know Guinness felt that way.  I'm actually kind of surprised Star Wars was able to cast so many well regarded actors considering the script must have looked like just another campy 70's low budget sci-fi flick.  Hollywood was pumping those out by the dozens back then.
Uploading a 60fps video captured from a movie that was shot on film at 24 fps...
I always love how no one messes in a Jedi/Sith duel. Everybody backs off and knows their roll.
At what point wasn't it Obi-Wan's intention to escape?  If Vader can sense Obi-Wan, then Obi-Wan must have sensed Vader as well.  Was it always his plan to confront Vader because the film makes it appear as if he is trying to escape and only sacrifices himself when it is clear that he has no legitimate escape. 
I always watch the series in chronological universe order, and when Tarkin says "If you're right, he must not be allowed to escape", I get mad Order 66 vibes from it. Coming right from Episode III where the Jedi are systematically wiped out.
What's interesting to me - and sorry if this has been said - but Tarkin must be one of the very few that know that Vader is Anakin Skywalker. Whether Lucas intended Tarkin to have known Anakin and Obi-Wan like we saw in Clone Wars, I don't know. But Tarkin at least knows of Kenobi, and very much so. It's kind of interesting to think that Vader might have actually found someone to confide in in Tarkin.
I've just realised that this scene means that Tarkin knows for a fact that Vader is Anakin by this scene. He refers to Obi-Wan as "my old master", which only makes sense from Anakin.
This gives credence to my theory that Obi-Wan didn't spend the entire 20 years on Tatooine. "A tremor in the Force, the last time I felt it was in the presence of my old master". He can't have been feeling tremors in the Force when they were best buds, right?
"Obi Wan *is* here, and the force is with him."

Even as a kid I didn't care for this line. It makes it sound like the force is something tangible, like something that could be brought along or forgotten like car keys. 
That boing at the end!
Aaaaand ya cropped it. :/
Man, they went a long way with the Death Star to get to Jedha. Super far off-route...good spot for a test fire. 
[Here's a bigger version](https://s19.postimg.org/fyui5ghy9/entertainment_weekly_the_ultimate_guide_to_rogue.jpg). It's interesting that they cite [*Rogue One: The Ultimate Visual Guide*](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Star_Wars_Rogue_One_Ultimate_Visual_Guide), since it isn't out yet.
I took this [larger image](https://s19.postimg.org/fyui5ghy9/entertainment_weekly_the_ultimate_guide_to_rogue.jpg) that Toa_Quarax posted and using Inkscape I overlayed it over this [KOTOR Galaxy Map.](http://i.imgur.com/CPsbCAx.jpg) 

With the "Opacity" tool set at 50%, I used Naboo and Tatooine as my points of reference and rescaled the Rogue One New Locations Map and this is what I got...

http://i.imgur.com/DiQRKEJ.png


This places Jakku on grid I-17 on the old Galaxy Map and Jedha on grid H-16. Thought you guys might find this interesting :)


Edit: Turns out that KOTOR Galaxy Map I linked to isn't from KOTOR. The map was made by a gentleman that goes by the name W.R. van Hage, who himself adapted the map from a several others. I've never seen his map before so sorry for the mistake. If anyone is curious about it then you can check it out here... https://wrvh.home.xs4all.nl/galaxymap/

It's a gorgeous map that's available for download in either PDF or JPG. The PDF form has the best quality and allows full-text search by pressing ctrl-f. Super useful for when you want to quickly look up the location of a planet/system without having to use grid coordinates. The map is not updated with the new planets yet but it still comes in handy. 

Also, I updated my overlaid image with a clean version of W.R. van Hage's map. 

Anyway, hope you all enjoy ;) 
I overlayed the previous canon [map](http://media.comicbook.com/2015/11/star-wars-new-galaxy-map-160952.jpg) with the EW one and the scale is *way* off. At a glance it looks like the EW map is really off-model and rotated away from the viewer so this is kind of to be expected. I don't think much can be gleaned from it unfortunately.
The only thing I learned here is Scarif is from the Tattooine neighborhood. 
The new map looks so empty :(
So Starkiller Base was able to target D'Qar from quite literally across the galaxy? And the X-Wing attack could get there almost instantly in TFA?
What is this from?
I hadn't noticed how close Tatooine is to Geonosis before.
https://jedi-bibliothek.de/blog/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/9781368003063prev1.jpg
Um, the Death Star goes right by Neimoidia on the way to Alderaan.

That's ... interesting.
Wait lego is a planet?
Thanks for posting this. I've been waiting for this so I can update www.swgalaxymap.com.
Galactic maps never make a lick of sense. Also, is there a planet called "Lego" on this map or I am just seeing things?
So... they moved Kessel? I guess no chance of a good Maw scene if the Han Solo movie portrays the Kessel run.
OK, It's time to compair the new map with the [Legends Atlas](
http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/starwars/images/1/10/MainGalaxy.png/revision/latest?cb=20130325041255).

[Comparison Image](http://imgur.com/a/ydukx).

(Got the "Force Awakens" planet from [this](http://www.starwars.com/news/where-in-the-galaxy-are-the-worlds-of-star-wars-the-force-awakens) Starwars.com blog)

OK, everything lines up, with some things to note:

* Kessel is now in Hutt space, not outside of Hutt space.
* Kamino appears on the map, rather than outside the galaxy.
* Planets which are right next to each other (Tatooine & Geonosis, Bespin & Hoth) appear a little further away.
* Jedha appears roughly in Rakata Prime's location, but it's also labelled as the "mid rim"
* The Hyperspace line between Corellia and Ojum's location in the Deep Core is shown as a thick line.

Got a High Res of this?
Naboo: "Its lake is a place where one might wish to be held again." LOOOOL
Huh. 

I was under the impression that Kamino is outside this galaxy.
Kylo is going to have every detail of that moment etched into his memory, the look on his dad's face, the touch to his cheek.  It's going to absolutely haunt him.  
What gave me chills was how quite the scene was.  No music, nothing, not even sad, somber music. And then Chewie looking over the balcony, the wind blowing in his face, ruffeling his fur. You knew Han was not going to make it out of this one. Then it happens, Chewie cried, Rey cried, I cried. Daisy Riley did a phenomonal job with her emotion. I believed it, I felt her pain. It was devastating. 
Wonderful scene indeed! The junior novelization by Michael Kogge takes that moment, and adds to it!

http://i.imgur.com/TpOPYZa.png
Don't forget the incredible cinematography. Before Kylo hands over the lightsaber half of his face is lit by the dying sun and the other half is dark - showing his internal conflict. However after the sun goes out the light disappears from his face, and he proceeds to kill Han.
Wait... Han dies!
Imagine if Han shoot first that moment too.
It was well done for sure.   

I just wish there was more of a mourning for such a crucial character for the series.   
I think in one of the BTS stuff JJ or Adam even said the touch wasnt in the script, but Harrison improvised and just did it when they shot it
It's been a year and Hans death still bums me out. They threw an icon away like a piece of trash. 
It guarantees you a seat on opening night. Prevents it from getting sold out.
My theater had assigned seating, so I didn't have to wait in line at all the night of the movie.
For me it was the giddy excitement of having the tickets in my pocket.
I know I'm guaranteed a seat opening night
To reserve the best seats in the theater
I went to a 12am showing at an IMAX that uses film (one of like 10 in the country I think?) and it was at a museum and was going to sell out quickly. Also I got to choose my seats. 
Assigned seats at Alamo Drafthouse. Seriously a perfect experience in my opinion.
I always buy cinema tickets in advance. It's just nice to be able to pick seats before and have everything done when you arrive.
Main reason.


* See the movie when it releases at your preferred theater.

Seriously, they were sold out in so many places or only a handful were available to buy in person.

Other benefits.

* Some theaters offer assigned seats so buying early gets you the best spots.
* Events
Uh, nerd cred.  Duh.
The theater closest to where i live was sold out for the entire opening night in something like 15 minutes. If you didn't preorder you bassically just weren't going to see it the opening weekend.
This is not the road your looking for.

Move along
Now this is podracing!
Try tailgating again! I dare you!
I see lightsabers, where is the force?
Some people shooting a film on my campus were actually using one of those cheap lightsaber toys to direct traffic at night. It actually seemed to work surprisingly well!
"**I AM A JEDIIII**"
I think it has to do with the Order 66 chip. Somehow the commands implanted in their chips contaminated their subconscious and gave them nightmares of betraying their Jedi comrades. You can see how uncomfortable the Clones standing around Tup when he passes. They all must have night terrors influenced by the chip.
I always saw it as sort of their mission to keep on fighting, since their whole lives were centered around war. There aren't many clones who got a slow death. Fives and Tup both had time to contemplate their end. They were set free in a way.

Probably Order 66 related. 
Great... now do "Duel of the Fates" >:)
Because it should be a blue blade?
What about the wedding band??? Broke the Jedi code, he did. 
What irks me more is that they keep calling it Luke's or Rey's lightsaber.

It's Anakin's damn it! I'll let Rey slip since she doesn't have her own yet but come on.
Took me a while to notice... I was too distracted by those shoddy-looking VR headsets at the bottom.
AT-ACT?
I guess you're pretty far gone when you see a green lightsaber blade on a Graflex handle and it makes you see red. But that's where I am. Terrible ad. 
I might buy it if it were really the proper lightsaber...
I also hate the new Duracell add with the children at the hospital (not that I think charity for children's hospitals is bad or anything).  

They use music from TFA (mostly Rey's theme) for a tie-in with a movie set before the OT.  Like do we not have any other music laying around to use?
That's what they normally sell for any ways (US)
damn, I paid $250 for that lightsaber a couple years ago
Is that even a deal? Don't they usually retail for that?
lol I read the headline of the article below and thought that irked me!
Spoiler: the new iconic lightsaber gets a new crystal  in episode 8 just cuz...
Yeah that's annoying but I can understand why they'd do it, obviously red blade on a red background wouldn't look good at all. And a blue blade would kind of go against the holiday color scheme so they did green for a nice red/green holiday theme. 

However they definitely could've just used a different hilt like Luke's to do this. Also it annoys me when they photoshop in the lightsaber blades, it should be a photo of what the blade looks like in person. 
the unknown Rogue planet is called Lah'mu
If we really want to get pedantic, Endor, Yavin IV, and Jedha are all moons and Polis Massa is an asteroid. 
Alderann wasn't really in ANH. I mean, we never see it 
The Clone Wars (film) = 4
Christophsis
Teth
Coruscant
Tatooine

The Holiday Special = 4
Kashyyyk
Panna Prime
Tatooine
Yavin 4
Empire is the only one without sand. Good, I hate sand. 
Do mentions count? Because if they do you're missing quite a few in the original trilogy.
I'm really curious to see where we go in Episode VIII. And TESB is still the only one not to include a desert planet (although Tatooine has only a cameo in ROTS).
Jedi gets more planets in the special edition. Naboo, Coruscant.
I think the Death Star counts as a planet.
What is this planet called Eadu that you said will be in Rogue 1?
TECHNICALLY-- polis massa is on an asteroid...
Speaking totally out of my ass as I don't read the books:

I would assume it's not that technology declines so much as the Empire has a stranglehold on anything high/military quality.
Someone had a similar question a little while back and I wrote a fairly lengthy response to it. I think it answers your question pretty well. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWars/comments/5dg5wa/question_for_the_loremasters_and_rest/
It didn't decline. The Empire's control made everyone and everything impoverished.

The Empire: This is why we can't have nice things
It was best described to me by thinking of classic cars. 

Classic cars look sleek, colorful, artful. Modern cars are more utilitarian and basic in comparison. The ships of the PT are like classic cars in the OT. Technology hasn't declined, but designs have changed. 
Given that they built two stations capable of destroying planets and developed the technology for Starkiller base (a massive leap forward in the otherwise stagnat hyperspace technology) I'd say no.
I also think it has to do with the planets. In the prequels we spend a lot of time in the major cities, the OT takes place in less luxurious places 
He brought balance to the Force. The Sith were defeated. 30 or so years of peace happened. There's nothing saying the peace can't be disrupted again.
The job of the Chosen One was to destroy the Sith. Their increasing power in the Galaxy was massively throwing the force out of balance and Darth Sidious was unlocking the power to reshape the whole universe. Anakin safeguarded the force for all time from the danger of the Sith.

He fulfilled the Prophecy. 

Interestingly, the Prophecy existed in both Jedi and Sith lore.

The Sith had the prophecy of the Sith'ari- a being that would be so powerful in the dark side and the ways of the Sith, there would never be a Sith like them again. Some believe it to be Darth Bane. Darth Plagueis believed he would help discover or create him. Darth Sidious was the most powerful Sith ever. BUT Darth Vader killed the Sith. There would never be another. He technically fulfilled that prophecy too. 
Balance to the Force refers to the Sith influence on it, not the Dark Side in general, nor does the balance of the Force have anything to do with murderous regimes like the First Order.   
   
Anakin's importance is great. He has officially ended the Sith; there are no more apprentices or masters hidden who follow Sith lore, legend, and beliefs. The last Sith died when the famed Jedi Anakin turned on his master and threw Darth Sidious to his death. Anakin's 'mission' as the Chosen One was not to save or restore the Republic, and it was not to end all evil forever and create an utopia life throughout the galaxy with no wars ever again. He was simply the one who would bring the Sith down
snoke isnt a sith....
The idea was destroying the Sith. Which is what he did. It didn't say anything about non affiliated Sith dark siders
According to the prequels, he was just meant to "bring balance to the force". The jedi assumed it was destroying the sith. 

He ends up doing both. 

He kills all of the jedi except Obi-Wan and Yoda (2 of them) and joins sidious, becoming a sith lord (2 of them). Though, I just always considered it to mean no sith..

So (pre-rebels, at least) there was literal balance (if you consider the whole 2 v 2 thing). He then destroys the sith by killing sidious later, which if you consider balance being just no sith/etc, then that's true too. 

The idea that he would bring peace forever or something is kind of stupid and unrealistic. I don't really think that's what they intended, but if it is then I just choose not to see it that way lol

Snoke isn't a sith, so Anakin did fulfill his "purpose" of destroying the Sith. There will always be other force users, light and dark - but the Sith are done. 


Given that the chosen one prophesy isn't present in the originals and isn't ever explained in the prequels I'd say it's not that important. 

Yoda even has a line about how the original prophesy could be misunderstood so I'd say it's just a background detail to the universe. 

Probably don't expect to ever see it again in new canon too
Blame that on JJ. He's the one who ruined the ending of ROTJ.
IMHO the moniker "Chosen One" is stupid. Bringing balance to the Force means equal light and dark both acting at the same time. Anakin never fit that role at all. What is over looked here is that light and dark are not the same as good and evil necessarily. For instance a Force choke is always considered a Sith ability, but Luke Force chokes the shit out of Jabbas guards in ROTJ. If anything Anakin being the Chosen One meant that he would bring Luke and Leia into the world and they would bring balance to the Force. The dichotomy here would be either Luke is light or dark and leia would be the opposite of whatever he was or vice versa.
That's rude.
That's nice.
I recommend Maalox. 
Vomiting is good for your core though.
Any Episode VIII news takes away from Rogue One. A title, a poster, a trailer, photo, anything EP VIII will take the conversation away from Rogue One and that's just bad marketing.
They don't want to over shadow rogue one
The Shadow Falls

/u/robotical712
The Force Hits Snooze?
The movie will be named after what Luke said at the end of Episode VII. 

The movie will be called Star Wars: Episode VIII:  
>they are holding off for as long as possible.

There you go.

Right now, they want all the attention on Rogue One. With EPVII since it was the first movie, there was nothing else before it so the reveals came sooner. And y'know, they kinda want the focus on R1 to make money before turning it over to EPVIII. >_>

Chances are if we don't get a title reveal between Jan and March of next year. Something will be revealed and shown @ Star Wars Celebration which is in April.
What could the title spoil? 

It's smart marketing to keep it secret until after Rogue One. For some reason people really care about the title and are dying to know what it is. The longer they build anticipation the bigger the hype machine gets and the more it's talked about when it's finally revealed. They'll do the same for the teaser and then the trailer(s) and as the movie approaches they'll release tie in materials and set photos to further the hype  ensuring that as many people as possible are excited. 
Ep VIII - Standing on a Cliff.  It'll be after the new year.  
First Order Strikes Back?
Supposedly, Episode 8 will be called "Fall of the Resistance"
May I ask why? 
[My favourite.](http://i.imgur.com/bnocObR.gif)
The shot with the lava eruption when they're on the bridge is better
I've always been a fan of [this one.](http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20090602052756/starwars/sv/images/1/1a/Palpatine_anakin_office1.JPG) There's nothing fancy about it but the dark robes and the way Palpatine puts his hand on Anakin's shoulder feels so Emperor/Vader. 
I love a good hallway shot as much as the next guy!
Man, I gotta say it. The one thing the prequels did well was the pulled back shots awesome landscapes of planets. It's a cool shot, but how could one of a hallway be your favorite of the prequels? 
That shot would have been even better if Anakin had a red lightsaber. Still don't know why they didn't have Palpatine give Anakin one of his lightsabers to use, or have Anakin hastily make a new one
[I've always liked this one.](http://imgur.com/cawJVW3)
Yeah it's pretty dope.
It's a good one, but there's too many other stellar shots for this to really be close the top for me.
honestly, I felt like this fight was shot blandly. I like the prequels, but this fight was not done as well as some of the others in the series
This duel could have been incredible. If it had just been about the emotion. 
Followed closely by one of the cringiest. When Anakin and Obi-Wan are literally just twirling their lightsabers for a stupidly long time before trying to attack again. 

Edit: words, and an elegant weapon from a more civilized age, not hard candies. 
Overly choreographed and the characters fighting each other are shallow and hollow and hard to care about. Cinematography doesn't matter if your story is bad.
It's so dense!
My favorite scene is the end credits during episode 3.
This was fucking amazing. Seriously when is Spaceballs 2 gonna be made?
I'm gonna get fired for laughing so hard. Thank you.
"Lord Vader, the fleet has moved out of lightspeed and we're preparing to-
"No, no, no, light speed is too slow. We're gonna have to go right to...ludicrous speed." 

"Lord Vader, we are honored by your presence."
How many assholes we got on this ship anyhow?"

Classic. 
This video needs more attention.
I, for one, would like to see the other 326.
I liked the clone troopers had colour on their armour, gave them personality 
I like it!
Looks great!
I've never noticed this but this is honestly hilarious. 
Handmaidens are always at the queen's side and answer directly to the queen. So Padme didn't really have to change her name. If she was with her decoy and Nute Gunray showed up, the decoy would be smart enough to not address her handmaiden. 
Because the Prequels were shot from a first draft.
The Naboo probably know Padme. The galaxy at large would know Queen Amidala. And, like any Naboo queen, she is easily recognisable in her excessive make up and expensive gowns. Padme is just a plain, if pretty, handmaiden.
Also, when she's a senator, why does she go by Padmé Amidala?  Shouldn't it be Padmé Naberrie?  
 Because George is a hack writer and wanted a twist despite it adding nothing to the story
I think she only calls herself/is called Padme in front of people who wouldn't have known Naboo politics/stuff. Perhaps she'd used different names before.

The "real" answer is it's just an incredibly minor plot hole.
Maybe "Padme" is a common enough name that it doesn't matter.
I don't think it was good writing by any means...but if Trump had an assistant named Donald, I wouldn't really jump to the conclusion that it was trump in disguise. 
Her regency name was far more publicized, and it's possible that Padme is a common name on Naboo. Also, it fits in with the theme all the other Handmaidens have (Corde, Sabe, ect.)
Maybe Padme is just as common as Smith...?
Maybe no one knew her real name, being royalty maybe everyone just knew her as Amidala. 
Because she was... acting in secret.  
She may not have been known as Padme before.  She introduced herself to Obi-Wan and Anakin as "Padme" so maybe she just kept using that to make them feel comfortable.  They're really the only ones who refer to her as that.
It's not like people asked for the names of other handmaidens, she probably didn't think it mattered or didn't think it through.
My headcanon has always been that people simply know the queen as "Queen Amidala."

Her first name is known only to a select few.
Changing her name would've made it too confusing unlike the trade blockade fuckery I still do not full understand to this day...
IRL Reason: George isn't known for thinking things through.

In universe: Well, Skywalker is the "Smith" last name in the Star Wars universe, I'd imagine "Padme" being a "Sarah" or something of Naboo. Incredibly common.

Edit: Really, guys?
Supposedly It's something they had at Lucasfilm when he was visiting there. The luke picture comes from a sticker that Steele Wars was selling. There could be hidden meanings. Or it could just be some inside joke stuff.
What is TSF?
Clearly if luke fits he'll sits
Girl, no one can see your rouge with that helmet on. 
It's trademarked, too.

I just like to imagine Lucasfilm trademarked both *Rogue One* and **Rouge One** in anticipation of typos.
Even the merchandisers can't spell rogue correctly
Is this a tree ornament?
I'd pass. Her character is all about the political and now more military-focused leadership roles. I'm not sure about the books/comics for the new canon, but I'd assume after the establishment of the New Republic, she would have devoted all her time and effort into helping to guide the new government. 

When would she have found time to train? She probably has some loose connection to the Force as we've seen in the films, but I would be surprised if they had her go down even a few steps down the Jedi path. I'm also not sure what "benevolent" Force lightning would be. Lightning kills. That shit is dangerous.
I really don't want her to do anything related to the force/Jedi. But it'd be pretty cool if she was in a tough spot and did a pretty cool force push
Her character fits with carries Carries possible inability to make that believable, so I'm cool with some minor force sensing and nothing more. She followed her mom's example, not her dads 
Nto at all, she's not a Jedi, she's barely a Force user and I recall people mentioning that Luke tried to train her and she showed little aptitude for it. 
I don't think we'll see anything other than her using the Force to reach out to Luke or Rey somehow, or maybe even Anakin or Ben. It would be funny to see her casually wave her hand and send a bunch of storm troopers flying but I don't think that will happen.
It would look unbelievably cheesy I bet. I really hope they just focus on her political/military motivations. She definitely is force-sensitive, but I would appreciate it even more if she *doesn't* pursue that aspect of her life so that she can better serve the New Republic. 
I think she should show something more than sensing Han's dead. In RotJ Luke said he would train her. Even if she didn't became proficient in fighting, something simple like reaching for a small device with the Force during a tense situation could work. 
On a scale of 1 to 10, negative fifteen. 
If we do see her use the force, I'd like it to be at a minimum.  I'd like to think that she received the most basic training from Luke and then he went off on his adventures with Ben. Even in Legends it took her quite a while to get around to her Jedi training. She was focused on building up the new republic and this Leia is, or was(by the time of TFA) focused on just that. 
Lightsaber, not so much.

Maybe some of the Force to show she has it, but nothing over the top.
Something small. Maybe she loses her blaster and force pulls it to her.
I get she chose the political path instead of the Jedi but I'd really think it would pay off to see her use the force to some extent to tie in with the fact she is strong in the force like Luke but untrained. Yoda knew this and she was the other hope for the Jedi. 

I think a scene where she is refusing to leave her post during an attack and is then surrounded by stormtroopers would be a good set up for an emotional outburst of the force - untrained but desperate Leia successfully force pushes them away or brings the ceiling down on them. Maybe even a scene with Kylo Ren where he describes Han's murder to push how he's truly moved to the dark side, reciting how it happened and Hans face - causing Leia to force push him/freeze him?

Something like that would be a great way to show her potential as a Skywalker by blood. 
None.  Hope she never does.  It would be completely out of character.
Leia is an interesting character exactly *because* she's not a Jedi and doesn't depend on the force for anything. 
Oh please no!!!
At most, at the *very* most, I would be ok with Leia being able to vaguely communicate through the Force the way Luke did with her on Bespin. Beyond that? No thanks. Her character has always been a political and military leader first and foremost. She's a reflection of her real mother and her adopted father, not Anakin. I don't need to see her become a powerful Force user at all. Like I say, at best seeing her influence someone/communicate to someone would be tolerable. I wouldn't want to see any Force grabs or pushes, and definitely no lightsabers.
Not much
I don't think there should be anything beyond what we have already seen. Even though Leia chose not to pursue her training, she still has a sort-of clairvoyance through the Force where she can sense that those she cares about are in danger. I'm fine if we see more of that, but I don't need her wielding a lightsaber or force pushing anyone. Not at this point with her arc. 
It's too late for that sadly. She's just there to sense when bad things happen for dramatic effect now instead of actually being a Jedi.
I'd be cool with an unrefined force push while near Finn or something, and Finn thought he did it, it could be comics scene
For continualities sake she's kinda got to.  Even if it's just a head nod to her abilities.  A Jedi mind trick or something.  Just keep her away from the lightsabers!
I don't want her to. I used to really like the idea, but now I seriously doubt Fisher's ability to deliver it. Leia in TFA was one of my least favorite portrayals in the series.
> Nr 13: modsupport

Sold
1) Come out before the trilogy is over.
What new star wars game is this about?
Better be open world. With a wide variety of ships that you can buy and customize. Option to be a Jedi or Sith, or at least an evil motherfucker. The ability to visit iconic locations from every movie. Good writing.
Honestly, as much as I can't wait for a Star Wars story driven game... the one thing that would make me piss my pants in excitement would be the announcement of a sequel to Republic Commando. 
It sounds like you're sort of hoping for an overall Witcher 3 type Star Wars game. I don't know that Respawn could pull that off. I hope so.
Impressive.  Most impressive.
Nice! About to go get a mythosaur myself. Thinking 100% red, because reasons, or a bluish-purple.

Sweet design though.
It would probably be more my thing if it was smaller and fit just somewhere between the Tricep and Shoulder, but ether way great freakin work.
Looks like he's flexing (Boba, not the dude).
/r/starwarstattoo
That's fucking sick dude. 
Love Jango!
He also told obi wan in episode 2. He didn't believe him 
http://i.imgur.com/SlcEE1S.jpg
I can't stop laughing at the notion of a mutilated Dooku kneeling before Anakin with two lightsabers at his neck and screaming "PALPATINEISASITHLORDHESTHEONEYOUVEBEENLOOKINGFORITOLDOBIWANBUTHEDIDNTLISTENDONTKILLMEPLS-"
Anakin wouldn't believe him. Anakin is incredibly confident in his own abilities and Palpatine has been his friend and mentor for years.
Assuming Anakin believes Dooku, Palpatine kills everyone. 

Anakin is good, but he's not THAT good. He has no idea how to deal with Force lightning, and you know Sideous has his lightsabers up his sleeve somewhere. 
He fucked up Maul AND Savage. Not beat, mopped the floor with, without breaking a sweat. His fucking hood didn't even come off. 

Anakin loses that fight, Palpatine beheads the unconscious Kenobi, kills Dooku for his treachery, and hops in an escape pod. 

The Clone Wars continue until he deems it worth ending.
"From my point of view YOU'RE the Sith Lord!"
Can you imagine lol. Palpatine would whisper "oh screw you Tyranus.."
If Palpatine had sensed Dooku was about to rat him out, he'd probably just gently force push Dooku's neck that little bit closer to Anakin's lightsabers. Make it look like suicide or something.
Anakin is pretty stupid, Palpatine would've just told him that the he needed to kill younglings
This question has been made by prequels haters like 7482057271948x times.

There is no answer, it's just another weird thing from the prequels.

Somewhat relevant: http://www.darthsanddroids.net/episodes/0455.html
Does it even say anywhere the Dooku knew that Palpatine was Sidious?
Does it even say anywhere the Dooku knew that Palpatine was Sidious?
Does it even say anywhere the Dooku knew that Palpatine was Sidious?
I'm getting tired of how rebels only good episodes are the premier and the finale episodes and the rest is just filler garbage. The most meaningful episodes besides those would be the mid season ones and one or two good ones in between. A lot of you will disagree with me on that but rebels needs better direction. Four episode arcs like the clone wars show could really help because I'm really loosing interest especially with thrawn doing absolutely nothing.
Hondo always cracks me up, in both series.

It's unfortunate that this period of canon is explicitly being written to the mentality of eight-year-olds. I mean, great, if you're an eight year old. Otherwise, with handful of exceptions, the episodes are pretty shallow.
This may be an unpopular opinion, but I cannot stand Hondo episodes. 
It ergs me to no end that Hondo somehow managed to become a fan favorite. He's comic relief in a show that doesn't need it, and it's just bad. It's gives me anxiety more than it makes me laugh. Now they're naming entire episodes after him. I'm going to follow the advice of some you and just not watch this episode. Queue the down voting.
Sorry for the low quality pic, my phone is ancient.

Also, [here's the subscribers cover.](http://i.imgur.com/ANKkI7D.jpg)
Good spot (though she's Mirialan, rather than Miraluka).
I really like the old legends authors new books, but Claudia Gray has been fantastic so far as well
I forget where, but I think Luceno also references the Republic Commando series specifically their operations against a Separatist cell, I forget when it was mentioned, but it was mentioned that a Spec-Ops group did that.
No, it was a reference to Torpedo Spheres.
What the fuck 
Fan Service: A Star Wars Story. Coming to theaters: Never. 
Please don't write Star Wars movies. 
A good start but it's missing a three-way face off between a grizzled Watto, young Maz Kanata, and Cyborg Mace Windu. 
I can't believe I read all of that
You posted this same thing about a month ago. Give it a rest already.
You had me a Mandalorian mask.
What??? 
Cut out Ahsoka and Rex and Maul, as they don't have a place in the premise of this movie and I don't mind the idea. Won't happen but I like the connection to Revan and malachor
What are you smoking? Because I need some of it.
I probably should stop watching these spots as they come out.  I'm just too excited for this movie.
Jyn's "This is a rebellion isn't it?" sounded different this time around. 
It's so close!
Cassian is shaping up to be my favorite of all the characters.  

*I couldn't face myself if I give up now.*
I get the feeling tumblr is gonna have a field day shipping Jyn and Cassian. They do seem to have really good chemistry. 
More new dialogue in this tv spot. I can't believe how much we're getting. 
I like the tag line "Hope begins with them". Nice little lead into/nod to "A New Hope".
Who's holding hands at 0:35?
Romance confirmed. (/s)
Can it be the 16th already!
It's gonna suck when they all die.
Hey they redid her "this is a rebellion isn't it" line in ADR, voice sounds much more serious and deeper.
Read Catalyst. The Death Star we see at the end of Revenge of the Sith is a near-complete structure that actually is in the state we see it in by 19BBY. It's just the difficulties with getting the weapon systems right that delay its completion by another nineteen years.
Read Catalyst, it explains more on why it took so long. But if you stop and think about it, it's not unreasonable. The Death Star is the size of a small moon and they completed it in about 20 years. Just think how long it takes us to build buildings or roads. Sometimes it can take months to get one structure up and it's nowhere near the size of a Death Star! If you compare it to the amount of time it takes smaller structure to get designed and built and then scale that up to the size of a small moon, 19 years sounds reasonable. 
It's also possible that the Imperial class Star Destroyers were already being prepared for the Republic. They just only started being used after Order 66. Keep in mind Palpatine had tried orchestrating the end of the war a couple of times by now (as evidenced by The Clone Wars).

I'm pretty sure the Vader/Sidious scene at the end is supposed to be the present as it is interspersed with other scenes from the present and wouldn't really make sense to not be the present.

The Death Star wasn't under construction for 19 years. It was completed, they just didn't have the ability to destroy a planet with it. It's like a car without fuel, the car is built, you just can't drive it. 
It's a battle station the size of a small moon with a super laser that can destroy planets and no one has built anything like that before. So I think 19 years is very reasonable 
I always just assumed it was a point in the future, this isn't a groundbreaking idea.
Vader needs a maximum of 2 minutes to learn how to walk and stand next to his master on a ship's bridge. The station itself didn't take a crazy long time to build. It was the planet killing weapon system that took so long to develop and implement.
It's nice to see one of these low-poly images that someone actually put work into and didn't just use an app to make a shitty image to post for karma. Awesome work!
What do you call this style of art? I really like it! It looks super cool!
Boba Fett!? Boba Fett!? Where?
Really nice job OP. It looks great!
Wow. You really tried with this you massive doofus ;) git GUD or gtfo 
Edit: whoever down voted me, I know OP, we're joking
This is incredible I love it so much !!! I'm even more obsessed with star Wars then usual because merchandise is everywhere for the new movie (cereal, tissues, toothpaste, cookies, pasta) 
It's like Boba Fett works at Polygon.com. Well done!

Amazing work 👍
Cool! Add a little more "dirt" or "grit" it could be a Dishonored illustration! Could be a cool crossover. Keep it up OP!
"You're more use to me dead."
It's your second illustration? What's your first?
This is amazing! I do some low-poly myself so I realize how much time has gone into this, and you did a great job! I saw you said you sketch this out and do watercolor layers? Could you go into some more detail? I'm really interested.
You should check out the illustrator: www.liambrazier.com He does similar stuff (I think he started out with cutting small bits of paper rather than using watercolour though) and has a whole series of Star Wars portraits.
It's amazing how much emotion you've been able to capture from a helmeted man. I can see his tortured soul, I can see how he knows that not all of his prey are bad people.
This is now my phone's wallpaper 
*Update it got copyright striked, which is fair enough since Lucas Arts/Disney own the character. If anyone wants a print message me and I can post
This is absolutely amazing. Keep us updated when you make new ones!
Awesome man! Have you done any other star wars? Also any way you'd be willing to let me get a canvas printed with something on? Would look so cool!
Fantastic work man! Simplistic yet you can tell a lot of work went into it. I love it!

Also, nice to see some ROTJ Boba art. Most people do the ESB helmet.
Boba sad );
Great job! This looks amazing! 
Where can I find the first one of this project?! By the way this is my background now, it's awesome!
Love this, looking forward to seeing more
Tachanka 
Can I get one of these to print in Aus? (Etsy or something?). My son would love this.

EDIT: Just saw your red bubble comment above, I'll take a look!
This is really cool. I like how you can see the dent in his helmet. Attention to detail
Boba Fett is now...🎶Somebody that I used to know 🎶
Looks like Boba Fett is a suspect in the Bonton Bombings.
Awesome work dude. Looks really cool
Take my Republic Credits. 
He's no good to me red!
Does anyone have any good Yoda images like this? 
He's worth a lot to me!

This is tremendous!
Was this done using Polygen?
Does anyone know why the thumbnail on the reddit is fun app shows a white background behind Boba Fett, but when I click the image the background is black?
Great job! I love the dent!
Are you selling prints anywhere?
This would make a badass tattoo.
I needed a new star wars phone background. Thanks and nice work!!!
I like the design. 
Dope
You make tshirt, I throw money at you.

Now shut up and take my money!
New phone wallpaper 😁
Boba Fett
He got et
Looks awesome!! Makes him my favorite even more
Nice work here. I love that my favorite Star Wars character gets so much attention. 
Kudos to anyone who has actual talent. [Here is the cheats way](https://primitive.lol/).
Its on the error page when something goes wrong on the Luminarc web store. 
https://frinkiac.com/gif/S10E19/280562/285567.gif?b64lines=IE1VU1QgVVNFIEZSRU5DSAogSU5TVFJVQ1RJT05TLiAiTEEgVEFCTEUgREFSSyI_CiBXSEFUIFRIRSBIRUxMIElTIFRIQVQ_
**F**orce.

Christ, how hard is it to capitalize?

I haven't enjoyed an MMO since Galaxies, so anything that's like that
I would rather a handcrafted RPG, an epic style stand alone story, and set on one or a couple of planets. Preferably made by one of the western RPG giants like Bethesda or CDPR, NOT EA. 
Hm.  Maybe something similar to Elite:  Dangerous.  Open-world, sandbox.  You can be a smuggler running Imperial blockades.  Join up with the Empire or the Rebellion to run military missions against opposing players.  Be a pirate out for only yourself.
> What would you most like to see in a Star Wars MMORPG?

Not another Star War MMORPG.

Kidding. I would totally be into one that was starship based. But Galaxies and SWTOR just weren't my cup of tea.
Well basically I would want Star Citizen (or it least what the developers say it will be like) in the Star Wars universe with the combat system of Kingdom Come Deliverance. 
A Star Wars themed Star Citizen and No Man's Sky hybrid. All the Star Wars  planets and moons we know of are available to travel too. They all have their respective species and familiar characters that are from there. You can follow any path you want. Jedi or Sith or bounty hunter or smuggler or trooper etc. the main feature is it's actually two games. One set in the clone wars and one in the galactic civil war. That way you could be a clone trooper or stormtrooper or a separatists leader or rebel trooper. You can do anything you want though, so you could become an AWOL clone or AWOL Jedi, or fall to the dark side as a Jedi. You can fly to every planet no problem.
An updated reincarnation of Star Wars Galaxies pre-gutting and selling out/dumbing down for the masses
For me, after playing SWTOR for a while, I would have to say having lightsaber combat be much more in-depth. Have the styles matter more and give control to how you swing and implement force abilities. On top of that, giving Smuggler and Bounty Hunter characters better ways to use cover and have more of an FPS feel. 

TLDR; I want full combat immersion.
I think the people saying like Star Citizen are on point. That said that's largely because Star Citizen has promised to implement everything you could possibly ever want in a sci-fi mmo from boarding action to capital ships to what have you and we still have to wait and see how that goes.
This is what I want, give Fromsoftware the star wars rights and let them develop a Star Wars Souls game. You may say, like I once did, the Dark Souls theme doesn't match Star Wars. Well I think you could have your "Shrine" be your starship and the places you go instead of being accessed via bonfire instead be accessed via Navigation maps and beacons.


The storyline could be a few different things, but my favorite idea is have your character start out after being exiled from the jedi temple and the character starts to track down holocrons, each holocron could be guarded by a bad ass boss and then offer you awesome powers. Maybe light side or dark side, Idk there is a lot of room for creativity. 


I just want the brutality, beauty, and fighting mechanics of Dark Souls to collide with Star Wars in a awesome way.


Otherwise, give it to Bethesda and let them do what they do best.
I want an open world thing where I can pick a career. I could end up as a rebel squad leader, I could be an ISB agent, I could be a grand admiral, I could be a line trooper (if you can't tell I love The Empire)
Not being p2w?
Watching this made me want a stand alone film about order 66 called simply "Sixty-Six" 
Wow that was genuinely amazing and I usually hate fan films. Good job OP!
that neck snap tho...
Great stop motion video! I used to love making those myself.

Interestingly though, according to The Clone Wars, this wouldn't have been possible. Because of [ Clone Wars Spoilers](/s "the chips implanted inside the brains of all the clones, they'd have no choice but to attempt to kill their Jedi generals")

Still not sure how I feel about that Canon, as it means stories like this couldn't have happened. Either way, great video! Super smooth and nicely done.
Huh, interesting. I think this is the first time they've explicitly shown and identified a planet-wide shell-shield, although we've been able to infer that they exist for a while.
Funny... it doesn't *look* Druish.
Tickets are only available in Europe right now. There has been no word on any other region. 
I thought they might go on sale tonight (guess of the UK) but no dice. 

I asked at Cineplex tonight and they had no concrete information other then a rumor that's going around that it was sometime later this week. 
The series is called Star WARS. There tend to be war rooms and strategists in war. 
At my last job, where i had to manage a team of 10, I would have "Star Wars" meetings where we stood around our conference table and had quick, rapid fire talk about what our objectives were and then break. I think normal people call these "stand-up meetings".

I think we need at least 23 more, OP. 
So, these holographs, simulations, whatever you want to call them, are just a more advanced version of something the military has been using since before Yoda was a padawan. You do a mission brief for anything more complicated than feeding your bantha, you're gonna lay out the operation on some kind of model of the objective. The quickest and dirtiest can be a couple pieces of string, sticks and rocks, some matches or koolaid powder from the MRE, maybe a couple pieces of cardboard with labels on them. Maybe you're high-speed and you build a sand-table, which is just what it sounds like - a table with raised sides containing a mess of sand. You mold and pile the sand to resemble the terrain on the objective. "You're required to maneuver down this drainage ditch..."

If you're really shit-hot, you conduct a "rock drill", which is a sand table on steroids. I drove for a battalion commander for a while, and when we went to Ft. Irwin, the brigade staff pulled in a backhoe driver to pile up enough sand to resemble the Tiefort Mountain ridgeline and a couple of the other major hills along the axis of advance. Laid out rope and labeled MRE boxes for key locations or routes. Damn thing must have been 50 yards on a side. Picture about 20-30 officers from full-bird down to cherry-ass LT walking and talking their way through the entire mission, from departure to the objective, various what-ifs and alternatives.

To answer your question, OP? How many more scenes like this? Well, I guess they'll stop when the whole damn series stops being about galaxy-freaking-wide warfare.
I want to see New Republic officers in clean, brand new, official looking uniforms with white armor clad troopers at their backs inside of  clean, durasteel military facility on a capital world forming a plan. I'm tired of this hidy hole secret rebel theme.
I love these scenes. The one in the force awakens was great
The answer is 42.
We need one more. *Rogue* One more.
I agree. They should oovoo group chat or skype for maximized stupidity.
To be fair the Force Awakens one is the worst scene in any movie ever so I just count 3. I'm ok with 3. :)
You left out episode 3
I think about three more and then im good. 
7.
At least 4
There was a similar scene in Phantom Menace, too.
Dunno.  How many times do we need to see a desert planet? So far,  we're 6/7.
Its called a briefing, lets see how ops will go without them
I'm cool with infinite  times. 
All of them.
But OP, don't you like your NOSTALGIA  
[](/s "/s")  
I think the point is that the Death Star is over done. 
For all we know they have weekly team meetings in the hologram room, so maybe this is just a tiny percentage of how often this really happens
As many as it takes.
Sorry but now you're just nitpicking. 
'Member Mon Mothma?
Wait a moment, those ARE the presents I was looking for.
That's a top shelf Santa. When I was a kid the santas all had fake beards and smelled like Aqua Velva.
Santa, you WILL hand over your toy production to the First Order, or be met with Kylo's wrath!
What a savage, how did Santa manage to smile while shitting himself out of fear of the first order?
Capt. Phasma as a child.
Great to see children of the Empire looking up to their parents. It is a sign of great parenting.
That's it!  My 2 year old is gonna get a second shot at wearing her Batgirl costume!
She's a really cute kid!
Isn't she a little short for a clonetrooper?
Santa better watch out.  Magical men with beards are frowned upon by Imperial troops. 
Hahaha this is adorable :)

That's a really spot-on Santa.
Read that as "Finn, take my money." 
This is what I want Disney Lands Star Wars area to look like. 
Whoaaaaaaaaaa
This 'fan' should have an office at The Presidio!

Real Deal 
Where's the other landing leg?
*Does Jabba laugh*


I wouldn't mind seeing a higher quality version.  I'd like a clearer look at her feet.
Budget Slavegirl-Leia costume is hilariously lazy.
Looks cozy. Might do the same thing his winter to keep warm.
Jabba the...uh...CPA
"Raja naba doa gola wookie nipple pinchy."

http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/familyguy/images/b/b6/FGJ.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080212225326
Someone is living their dreams, in a tiny way...
Got super excited while my brain believed [Destiny](https://www.destinythegame.com/) was getting a Star Wars version until realizing that's not a thing that's going to happen.
I hated Jar Jar till my 8 year old niece watched Star Wars and she said she loved him. Nobody even asked her.  She was just telling me on her own. So I can tell you Lucas really won the kids.  Which was his goal.....
It occurred to me recently that if Jar-Jar had been a non-speaking creature (or subtitled alien) I'd probably have found him more endearing.

 
What do you mean one of the most hated, how can people hate the main character?
Does anyone find it odd a clumsy goofball is more hated than a Machiavellian mass murderer?
I thought this was Sy Snootles from the thumbnail.

I mean, if it was, then it wouldn't be wrong either...
It looks like a Gremlin with special needs.
I can safely say the most hated.
He worked so well on TCW.
Why would snoke be the most hated character?
What? Is there a point to this thread that I'm missing or is it just a statement with no purpose?
I hate to be pedantic, but Clone Wars (2003) aired on Cartoon Network before Episode III came out so it's technically not a "recreation" of the opening crawl. 
I wonder if ticket sales will start later this week since the UK showing seems to be a few days ahead of time.
I just bought mine for the 14th
Wait, people are getting early showings again? When should I lock myself out of Reddit to avoid spoilers?
Best TV Spot yet I reckon! I love the exchange between Baze and Chirrut, made me smile. Can't wait to see these two on screen.

God Rogue One is close!
Lots of new footage.  At least to my eyes.
"The force did protect me!"

"I protected you!"

Baze confirmed force child??? /s
Shit that was great,

Fuuuuuck I have to stop watching these. Giving so many great moments away. 
I love how the AT-ACT react to the missile. It looks like the Metal Gear REX.
I need to stop watching these asap 
Yeah, time to stop watching these now. Feel like they are starting to give away the good moments. 
Here we go, some banter.
A-wings are more like Ferraris in space..
I like what you're doing here! Cool color scheme and use of logos. I wonder what an F1 would look like in the Star Wars Universe. Almost like a podracer but sleeker and more official. 
Huge F1 fan here too, this looks great. I'd say Renault Y-Wings would be cool.
I personally would have gone with the gold accents to match the Ferrari F1 cars of old.  But u/mortichro is correct, an A-wing would be better suited to the mash-up.  Especially given the [overall design of the 312t.](http://www.grandprixhistory.org/images/312t2.jpg)
Disney announced that the trailer to Spider-Man: Homecoming would be showing in front of Rogue One but made no comment about Episode VIII. I think it's a smarter move for them to only be focused on hyping Rogue One for now. I'd expect a trailer early in 2017, maybe at around March. Just a guess though.
>So, I figured they would do the same thing as the Force Awakens.

False, a general speculation, since TFA had no other SW movie releasing before it, it was easier to announce it right around this time.

But with Rogue One about to launch, they want all the attention on that movie and not EP8 right now.

Most have guessed we'll get some sort of name possibly at the beginning of next year and then a trailer at Celebration which is in April.
Oh. My. God. 

If one more person asks for an Episode VIII trailer before Rogue One EVEN STARTS SELLING TICKETS, I am going to explode.
Pretty sure we'll get nothing related to Ep. 8 until Rogue One is out on Blu-Ray just like we didn't get anything for Rogue One until TFA was out. 
I think they'll follow what they have been doing for the last two for the most part. My guess for a trailer schedule would be:

- Short Teaser Trailer - Super Bowl Sunday (Early February)

- Long Teaser Trailer - Celebration/Guardians of the Galaxy 2 (Late April/Early May) 

- Sizzle Reel - SDCC (Mid July) 

- Theatrical Trailer - Random Monday/Thursday Night Football Game w/ Ticket Announcement (Mid/Late October


 Don't think we're gonna see an Episode 8 trailer until at least Celebration. 
I've seen no rumors around the sub as of yet although I have seen speculation there's no point for them to hype up for VIII when the hype's already rolling for Rogue One
I wouldn't bet on it. The release of trailers for Rogue One followed the pattern set by The Force Awakens except for the Black Friday teaser. They still might do one, but I wouldn't expect anything earlier than April 13th. 
I would like to see a teaser trailer for VIII before Rogue One starts. That would be ideal!
Bail Organa's wife was the queen of Alderaan, that's why Leia is royalty.  
Nobody knew about Leia's biological mother so that's not why she's royalty.
I mean how many Princesses of immediate importance do you think there was on the Death Star? C3-PO identifies her as Princess Leia to Luke and the fact that she's a Princess (and hot) is what stands out to him so that's what he calls her. Also yes Alderaan has royalty so I assume she really is the Princess.
Or it's because they were all talking about her earlier on. 
As far as the Alliance goes, the Princess refers to Leia because she is a princess and is an Alliance leader. She is a princess because her adopted mother is Queen of Alderaan, and her adopted father Bail Organa was a senator and a leader of the Alliance. There are no other princesses that R2 could have been referring to that would have had any relevance to Luke and Han.   
   
If you mean George Lucas is a hall writer and didn't plan any of the movies before any other movies. Then yeah he probably did just make Amidala the Queen before knowing what would happen in Revenge of the Sith.
Please tell me he also had to drink from a Solo cup.
Another good rule is to drink everytime a Skywalker whines. Episodes 2-4 are a really difficult stretch.
Your friend was weak and foolish like his father!  So I drank him away! 
"It's not my fault" and variants. 
How about a Chewie-Chewie?  Need to make Jell-O shots, tho. 
I once did a Star Wars drinking game where we took a shot every time Jar Jar first appeared in a scene in The Phantom Menace. Less than 30 minutes in we'd nearly finished the bottle and had to quit.
Har, har
There is already basics Grievous wanna-be in the Darth Vader comics.
http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/N-K_Necrosis
Star Wars Rebels has brought enough back.
do you have a link to the part of the movie?

Well, Avengers: Infinity War will be the first Hollywood film to be shot entirely in IMAX. The Hunger Games: Catching Fire's last 50 minutes are in IMAX and that's the current longest sequence. 

So, no, Rogue One will not be 100% shot with IMAX. Though I'm sure it will be worth it. I settle for nothing less.
Hood problems, you can't afford IMAX...just sit closer to the screen
Possible stupid question: what does it mean to be shot in IMAX?
I hardly watch IMAX movies so I dont know what the difference is
Just some of the shots were filmed in IMAX, but I'd still go see it there if you can. When it comes to movie screens, bigger is often better. 
Haven't seen the movie yet so I can't answer the question. 
Very interesting! I really liked seeing the AT-AT in the ocean and the AT-STs in the streets. Almost looked real!
Is that all cake or is most of it structural material? 
I hope there are at least 30 people invited
That's the downside to having life support in your ship instead of wearing a sealed suit.

Have fun in the vacuum rebel scum!
Isn't he visible in some editions of the film and not visible in others?
>Blink or you'll miss it


Dude, it doesn't matter how many times I blink-- I keep missing it! I'm blinking furiously.
For all those believing this is a Special Edition addition: It's not. It's always been there.  You have to remember, there was a long period of time between this being in theaters and then home video - and even then, the only home video available was a pan and scan copy of the movie (rectangular or "widescreen" aspect movie reformatted to fit into a square aspect used by televisions).  People either never noticed or forgot.  IT was a revelation when the widescreen copies came out much, much later. (1990?).  
it's in one of the trailers:  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EH9z8se3Aho  
and it's discussed on Usenet often as far back as 1992 on rec.arts.sf.starwars
God I love these movies but it's getting to the point for me where it's hard to look at some of the effects without thinking about how outdated they are.
[deleted]
If you look carefully, you'll notice that the very distant asteroids are just potatoes.
One of my favorite fun facts about Empire Strikes Back is that we get a random new TIE that no one ever notices. When Captain Needa goes off to report to Vader, the establishing shot of the Executor moments before shows what appears to be a single TIE Bomber launch and fly off out of the hangar bay of one of the Imperial-class Star Destroyers. Apparently this is a modified version of the TIE Bomber called the TIE Shuttle, replacing the secondary weapons pod with a passenger compartment for when you need to get somewhere in the fleet but don't need a full Lambda shuttle.
And Michael Bay still had nothing to do with this!
I remember getting goosebumps watching this in the theater. Goosebumps still there laying in bed watching on my phone. Thanks for bringing out the kid in me. 
Man, that score. What TFA is missing
I can confirm it's in the original version of the movie as well, and not a special edition "change".
inb4 its so dense
If I remember Lost Stars well, this ejecting guy isn't canon anymore lol.
I don't know about an entire game devoted just to the prequels, but yes, I'd love to see Clone Wars or prequel stuff incorporated into Battlefront. 
I honestly wish there was prequel era stuff in the first game. There's no real reason not to include maps spanning all three eras - or even just the ability to play on places like Tatooine with Clone Wars or Sequel Trilogy forces.

Also I really want to see Kamino on current gen systems. That could be soooo cool!
I'd love to be able to play as Ahsoka in Battlefront.
I want one Battlefront game that is the center for all my Battlefront needs rather than a bunch of different ones. I'd like a BF game where all eras are included, they could even add the different eras via DLC every handful of months. From the ancient eras, to the old republic, all the way to the sequel trilogy era, everything. 

Each addition adds new guns, melee weapons, maps, character models to use and armor and clothes to customize your personal character which can be used in custom, private game sessions with your friends. You should even be able to make your own custom hero whose moveset is based on the default ones. I could make Kyle Katarn for example with different clothing and armor pieces I've unlocked, and he would play like Luke.

Also want a forge mode like Halo 5's, with the addition of being able to spawn NPCs/enemies. A theater mode would be nice as well to save cool, and funny moments.
I'd like a Battlefront that ranges all across canon from Eps 1 - 7.

Places I'd like to see:
Naboo (Theed)
Kamino
Geonosis
Utapau
Mustafar
Death Star (better done than what we have now)
Cloud City (favorite current location)
Takodonna
Starkiller Base
I think that next Battlefron will be prequel era. Because there isn't enough material for sequel era. 
The reason they focused on the original trilogy for the first one was because of Episode 7 coming out. So, the closest thing they could do on the tight schedule was what we got. More than likely the next Battlefront will have prequel stuff. 
No. It should not be an entire game. Multiple eras should be playable in one game as we had in Battlefront 1 and 2.
Yes; at this point, there's actually more canon material available for a Clone Wars/prequels game than there is for a GCW game.
No, the EA Battlefront should include Prequels, not be just Prequels.
***2017 Base game:*** most of the content released from 2015 Battlefront   **+** Phase 1 of the Clone Wars **+** Episode 7 stuff.

***Expansion Packs:*** the plethora of Episode 8 stuff. 




Would Jar Jar be a hero character you can kill?
duh
No. EA shouldn't handle it, nor should DICE. They've proven that, while they're great at graphics, every other part of Battefront is lacking. Don't buy Battlefront 2 unless they release more than four maps and an offline mode, and the season pass is under $30. 
I doubt they will do anything that has to do with the prequels, however I think we will see Star Wars Rebels locations + characters and plenty of stuff from Episode 7 and 8.
There's a small amount of prequel content in the original game. But I would rather have a prequel game not exist than be the mess of a game the original is now.
I mean if it wasn't EA it could've been in there originally like the previous games.
I wouldn't mind a small amount,  but if it was entirely prequel based I wouldn't be interested in playing it,  personally. 
Yes, it will cost A LOT. It's the reason why they are short. Same thing with Ubisoft trailers, their cinematics are short too. I was kinda confused why they didn't used the same cinematics in AC Embers (look it up, different style of cinematic), turns out that they are expensive. It's also the same reason why the TV shows, Clone Wars and Rebels looks cartoony.if they're going to make a movie about the Old Republic, they would rather shoot it with real sets and people, just to play safe. 
The Blur studios trailers cost about a million dollars per minute of footage. A full sized movie would require a huge budget but for Star Wars that shouldn't be a problem.

Trouble is the lack of drive or real demand for such a movie moving away from the more traditional way of making a movie. Could be awesome and could end up as an expensive disaster. Either way it'd be a risky move on their part.
Unfortunately the best thing about SWTOR is those cinematics. I would love for them to do a movie with those cinematics but I doubt they will.
I'm pretty sure I've read it costs over a million dollars for those short videos that SWTOR does so I'm sure a full movie is just too much
Has Blur ever done anything longer than 5-ish minutes any ways (apart from Halo 2A/Halo Wars/Halo Wars 2 cutscenes)?
Love it. It's very unique in a way we don't see with much fan art. 
Report to /r/empiredidnothingwrong, soldier!
Interesting Snoke theory.
The anguish on his face, the feeding tubes up his nose; this is an awesome piece of art!
Thank you thank you!!
Very nice!
I am liking it. The hate, the anger, the suffering. He looks so pathetic without his menacing mask. the only thing is are the eye pupils. They don't seem to line up correctly. I don't know if it's me or it's an optical illusion?
Looks different than Sebastian Shaw. That being said, I like the way your guy looks better. Has a Tarkin-ish look to him. Good job!
Smashing!
An old man and a talking frog convince a farm boy to murder his father on life support 
[deleted]
It's "Fantasy + WWII + Western" set in space 
One of the most ground-breaking movies of all time, the sequel is often voted as the best movie in history, a lot of it isn't truly original, but that is its strength. It dives into your deepest joys and fears and makes a classic out of them. Set in space, it remains immensely and easily relatable. The Prequels are great escapist fiction, with great ideas and a distinct visual style, but poorer execution and delivery. A cornerstone of pop fiction that you owe to yourself to see at least once.
Science Fiction with cool space ships, aliens, lasers, laser swords, and a cool group with limited/defined magic/powers
Why in the world would I *explain* it to them when I could be showing them?
i tell them the order to watch the movies
Fantasy adventure in space. Also, FUCKING LIGHTSABERS!!!
Farm boy goes to space to fight space-Hitler with cowboy and monkey, all to save bread buns. Farm boy joins a cult led by an old man who's turned to laundry by Hitler. After this they join a terrorist organisation and blow up a military funded base. 
A young heros adventure in space to rescue the princess from the bad guys and save the galaxy 

But in reality I would say. You might not have seen it but surely you have heard of it? Start with Star Wars 1977 and if you like it just continue watching in the order they where made. 
Kill them all. 
A new hope:

A kid with abandonment issues sets out to fuck up his estranged fathers business.
It is a war in the stars and they have airplanes what fly in outer space and laser swords.  There is a family legacy drama as a focal point. It's a fun story but not worth taking seriously. 
Without a doubt, it will involve Darth Maul.  Probably not Ahsoka.  Definitely those owls.  Not shown on screen, but it will also have Dave Filoni sitting in a high-backed chair stroking a cat.
Someone on the crew will die. 
They better start having some arcs soon to build up for the finale because these "stand alone" episodes are doing nothing for me fast
For some reason I see the climax of Thrawn's arc happening before the season finale, but I could be totally wrong.(We ARE speculating here.) There isn't a connection between Maul and Thrawn, so I lean towards each getting dedicated episodes instead of cramming both into a single finale. I could also potentially see a switch back and forth though, or a "first half, later half" situation. Thrawn's story has been a slow burn, and it will be interesting to see if whatever happens will be worth the wait. Pacing has always been a struggle for this show, so it will be interesting how everything plays out.

I feel like the actual finale will revolve around Maul and hopefully conclude his character's inclusion in the series. Part of me thinks this will be a solely Kanan-Ezra-Maul situation and any sort of Obi-Wan confrontation will happen via comic. I predict an extended battle. Ezra confronting his demons. Maybe Kanan gets killed, but Maul slinks off. Perhaps Ezra has to make a final decision and chooses Kanan, which prompts Mauls departure to seek good ol' Obi?

I think the Bendu is done with for the season. MAYBE he will have a small part, but I don't foresee it. I think we have seen what we need to see from him and it is back to the wings with him. 

My hopes: Either somebody dies or something of substinance will happen. The rebels have been too successful. They need a bad loss to put them in their place. This serves three purposes: A. The rebels don't seem like plot armored demi gods who can't fail. B. The Empire can actually be a threat again and C. Thrawn is given the triumphs his character deserves. I hope its a narrow escape for the rebels. This needs to be the "Empire striking back" after two and a half seasons of ineptitude. 

My expectations: Whatever happens, I expect the finale to be tense, visually appealing, and have important events happen. If Rebels is doing two things right, it's the season openings and finales. That being said, I predict there will be some sort of issue of contention for super fans if this finale follows suit with last season's. (ie Inquisicopters, Vader eyebrows, pacing, whether or not Ahsoka should have been definitively killed, etc) 
There's still another half of season 3.3 more episodes in this half.

Thrawn will probably ambush the rebels when they try to take down a factory on Lothal. Probably in the next half
One of the Ghost crew is gonna die
Maul v Obi Wan?
Thrawn will probably be "defeated". Defeated in this instance meaning not being able to exercise his master plan of defeating the entire Rebel Alliance in one fell swoop before being sent to the Unknown Regions.

Maul will likely factor into it.

We might find out what happened to Ahsoka.

Probably something to do with the Convors and Bendu also.

Maybe the reveal of the Sith Lord in the holocron.

More of Ezra's flirtation with the dark side.
I fully expect Thrawn to die. Either by having his Star Destroyer blown up while him aboard or by a lightsaber through the chest as a homage to his Legends death. But all bad guys in Rebels who don't survive into other works perish. All the Inquisitors died. Thrawn is probably going to die.
I hope Bendu has nothing to do with it. 

Giant Lion Turtles with all the answers kind of ruin things.
I would say yes because Palpatine wanted all of the separatists gone so it was just the new galactic empire. With Grievous being the droid General that puts him as prime target to get rid of. Now that really makes me want to see a Darth Vader vs. General Grievous fight. 
> Was Grievous a puppet on the same level as those killed by Vader in Revenge of the Sith?

Yes. Recall that it's Palpatine who gives the Republic the Jedi the intel on Grievous' location, after ordering Grievous to move the Separatist leaders. He wanted to isolate and destroy the general, while moving the Separatist leaders into position to be taken out later.
It just seems more logical to his progression that he'd have vader tie up the loose end that is the general and move on.  I believe in the Novel(i could be totally mistaken), the reason Palpatine told Anakin the whereabouts of the General on Utapau was so that the Council would actually send anakin to finish him off, not just Anakin saying "Sheev says i should go".  This strategy satisfies Sidious in the idea that Anakin was a worthy apprentice by defeating him, and tying up any loose end that the Jedi could have found were he alive.
Grievous was certainly planned to be removed from the picture.  

Palpatine's plan worked out pretty well in RotS: Dooku is killed by Anakin, Grievous is removed (cleaning up loose ends), Order 66 happens, Empire is born.  The only issues being Yoda and Obi-Wan survive and Anakin becomes roasted and toasted.

I like to imagine his IDEAL scenario plays out like this:

1. Anakin kills Dooku (happens)
2. Obi-Wan is killed by Dooku first or is left behind on the Invisible hand, "leave him or we'll never make it" and such. (doesn't happen)
3. Free of Obi-Wan's influence, Palpatine has even greater control of Anakin and his role on the Jedi Council.  Possibly already making him Darth Vader at this point (doesn't happen the same way)
4. Palpatine arranges for Anakin to be the one who kills Grievous, thus being the hero who ends the war.  Having killed Dooku, Grievious, and also the Separatist leaders on Mustafar, Anakin has a lot of popular support and admiration. (didn't happen) 
5. Order 66, Jedi rendered extinct.  Yoda possibly dead as well, especially if somehow it gets to be Palpatine + Vader vs Yoda. (some happens)
6. "Our New Empire".  Palpatine is in control of the Empire with Darth Vader (publicly still the hero Anakin Skywalker) as a rallying force for 'Order'.  (doesn't happen, instead we have scary Vader in suit)

Grievous was a separatist leader as well as the General wasn't he?Therefor I assume he would have been one of the ones to die so the war could end cleanly.
The thing I don't think people are taking into consideration is that Grevious was the catalyst for Order 66. As long as Grievous was alive, the chancellor would retain all those delicious emergency powers. Powers he'd have to give up once Grievous was eliminated. With Grievous dead there was no leader unifying them, sure TCW showed a fair few Admirals and Generals but they most likely would descend into infighting, or with a central branch of oversight, miscommunication would plague the diminishing Separatist armies. The reason Palpatine was able to get away with killing the protectors of the Galaxy was to hide behind a plot of a coup, frame the Jedi for an assassination attempt and have them eliminated, this couldn't be done with grievous still alive. To answer your question OP, under these circumstances, no i don't. If Obi Wan failed, it would put Anakin under more stress and anger towards the council for not letting him go with. He may do some very reckless things but ultimately the council would send more Jedi to fight Grievous until they got him. If Obi Wan failed, it would most certainly have benefitted Palpatine immensely in gaining Anakins favor, but I do not believe that with Grievous alive, he'd execute Order 66 and knight Anakin as Vader to send him after Grievous. 
Grevious wasn't a Jedi or a Force User. Grevious is the one who sent the leadership of the CIS to Mustafar at Sidious's request. I imagine that Palpatine expected Obi-Wan to either die to Grevious, or to the clones failing that. Grevious' first response to the clones attacking was to literally run to his ship to escape, presumably because those were his orders.   
   
Would Palp's want him killed? I assume no, but at the same time I doubt Palp's cared if he did die. My guess is had Grevious been alive, he'd be used as a leader to put down rebellions on CIS worlds, then maybe used as an assassin after that.
Yes, he's a major threat.
Now I want to see an alternate timeline where Anakin has to eliminate the Separatist Council that was protected by Grievous 
Honestly, he probably would have pitted Vader and Grievous against each other to see who came out on top. He did the same thing with an other group of people in the Darth Vader comics.  
Who cares?
Nailed it!
http://imgur.com/aAEkXCJ
Pretty buggy on mobile. Fun though.
Now I can fulfill my dream of being a Rebel Pilot! http://imgur.com/a/1Ci46
[I made my self a forest trooper.](http://i.imgur.com/hi59UEy.png)
[I'm a Star Wars!](http://i.imgur.com/1UWmAJl.png)
That's a neat site!
Fun!  
[Here is mine](http://imgur.com/a/4Xd98). :)
I'm a Star Wars cartoon!

http://i.imgur.com/n0I4hIa.png
By "official" does that mean it was actually created by Disney/LucasFilms?
I don't think this is in any way official.
Something about these noses seriously creeps me out
[I made me a Twi'Lek](http://imgur.com/6LjusEo) 
I think I did good? http://imgur.com/a/pMkUb
["Did someone here need Jedi Training? 
*loud inhale exhale noises*
 Cause I'm here to ~~kill~~...uh..I mean help you learn some new Jedi tricks hehe 
*loud inhale exhale noises*"](http://imgur.com/9iab8D8)

-- Totally-not-Darth-Vader
And I just "wasted" over an hour playing on it. Good times
These are so cute!
Is it canon?
[deleted]
I don't care for the style.
I love it!

Here's my character:
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Cxt9BuXWgAAlLo0.jpg:large

Thanks for the downvotes!
where are the last?
Why can't we click on droid?
Official? Doesn't look like it is affiliated with Lucasfilm in anyway. It is still cool.
They've all seen some shit.
It's pretty awesome! I really hope you add Wookiee sometime soon too!
The lack of a slave girl outfit for men is triggering.
How come I cant select droid??
Not the Avatar I was expecting.
qq no Pureblood :(
Because it's a giant galaxy. So many places to explore. By the time the Empire is in power does the galaxy start to find more out in the Unknown Regions. But really, it's unknown because they are still learning about more places in known space
Because they've never been formally charted. Some people have explored bits and peaces of it, but no comprehensive map exists. 
http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Unknown_regions
In Legends it was because the galaxy's gravitational pull made to easier to explore the right half of the galaxy rather than the left. 
Questions like this are great for r/mawinstallation
If they weren't unknown, they would be known. 


It's just unexplored space. From a storytelling perspective they need something like that in the universe so that they can keep bringing in new stuff.
Because no one can be arsed to explore the place.
i always thought it was like western america was in like the 1500's. it was "unknown" in the fact that it was still wild, mostly unsettled, and ruled by regional/factional governments. People knew shit was out there, and even knew where a lot of that shit was, but there was still a lot of shit that hadn't been properly documented or charted or whatever.

"unkown" as is in "if you go out there, you're on your own." 
>flying through hyperspace ain't like dusting crops boy
[removed]
Time will tell.
The Cantina isn't the kind of place that calls the authorities over a bar fight.  They're a place for outlaws and scoundrels, they'd lose business if they called in Stormtroopers every time somebody got shot or had an arm sliced off.  When Han shot Greedo, he just tossed a few coins to the bartender.  They're smart enough not to call unwanted Imperial attention.

Other than that, we don't see Jedi openly operating on Imperial worlds.  There may still be Inquisitors, but they wouldn't be on Tatooine or Hoth or Yavin.  

Vader takes a personal interest in Luke because he's a Skywalker.  He doesn't want to kill his only son, he wants to turn him.  
I assume they are all gone by the time of ANH.

Dave Filoni said so in an interview:
http://www.ign.com/articles/2016/03/31/star-wars-rebels-dave-filoni-on-ahsokas-fate-mauls-return-and-much-more?page=3
[deleted]
Lol another way Rebels is just unnecessarily fucking with canon. 

Filoni: "Continuity puts you in chains sometimes, so you have to be careful."

I hate that this is how he looks at the canon, like a prison for his ideas, as if they're somehow better than what's already been written. Don't get me wrong, Filoni deserves credit where it's due for Clone Wars. But all this stuff he's putting in Rebels is just irking me to no end.
I really hope he doesn't die, Yoda and Obi-Wan counted on him to bring back the Jedi. I don't give a fuck if he "passes the torch" to Rey or some bullshit, I want Luke to form a new generation of Jedi with him at the helm. I could not picture Rey forming the new Jedi order by herself.
It's too early to tell. We don't know what his arc will be in 8-9. We'll probably have a better idea after 8 of whether it might make sense or not.

Personally, I would like to see him rebuild the Jedi academy with Rey and co at end of 9. If they made a 10, he could die similar to the old king dude in planet of the apes or yoda, surrounded by jedi or something. Have a big statue at the temple of him. 

But for now it's too hard to tell. 
None that I can think of. If they do kill him, they should do so in a way worthy of him. But I would be really annoyed if they went and had all of the OT trio murdered.
Whatever happens we NEED to see Luke successfully rebuild the Jedi Order. That's something I have always wanted to see and feels like a goal of the original trilogy!
I don't want it to be formulaic and have each of them die each of the movies.

There's no reason for Luke to die, unless they're remaking Obi Wan or Yoda. Unless he dies in a different way. But I don't want him to die. We just spent a movie waiting for him.
I hope that he'll have a 'happy' ending, and eventually begin a successful new order of Jedi. It'd be nice to see him die of old age, and not just be merced for the feels. 

Luke should be remembered as an enduring hero who changed the galaxy for the better.
They already whacked Han, so unless there's some big dramatic death scene/passing-of-the-torch to Rey at the end of Episode IX, then there's no reason he couldn't survive and help her rebuild the Jedi Order with her.

Shit, if Ben Skywalker turns back to the light by the end, it would be great to see him make amends with Luke and help him (and Rey) reshape the Jedi into the kind of worldly, wandering order they always should've been, rather than the asexual weirdos literally living in an ivory tower that we saw in the prequels.
Not necessarily die, but he will disappear in some way.

If Disney plan on making a new trilogy after this one (Which i think they will) it wouldn't make much sense to have any of the old cast members in it. (Lets assume its over 10 years until they do it, which would be likely)

Mark Hamill would be to old IMO and it wouldn't make sense for him to have a big role in VIII and IX and then all of a sudden he is gone in X. He may not die, but we will see the last of Luke in VIII or IX IMO
While there's a lot of information we currently lack, I don't think Luke should die during the ST.

Not only is he the last Jedi, but it's his destiny to restore the order. Sure, he did technically bring it back, but it was destroyed by the Knights of Ren and the First Order.

If Luke does die, however, he can still guide Rey through the Force (assuming he learned the Force Ghost technique,) but I just think it would be better for him to stay alive during the trilogy.
Not much reason to kill him off. He needs to live to see his dream come true. Otherwise it's almost pathetic to kick him when he's down. 
I think Luke should be the Yoda of the NJO, with Ben and Rey and his second in commands.
As far as I'm concerned, Luke isn't allowed to die until a new order of Jedi has been permanently established.  Bringing back the Jedi is his purpose not Rey's, though she will be the first of the new generation.
Although I hate to admit it, there will come a time when there will be no more Luke Skywalker. Either Mark Hamill will get tired of the role or the story will demand the death of a mentor and the main characters to begin to grow on their own. However, this doesn't mean that he will necessarily die by the end of Ep. IX. If they continue the main saga to Ep. X and beyond, we may see 4 or 5 more movies with Luke in them. In reality, it's far too early to tell. We haven't heard a world come out of Hamill's mouth as Luke for almost 34 years. We really have no idea what direction the saga will go in with Ep. 8, so speculating at this point is really just wishful thinking. 
There's so many different ways they could go with things either way, and we have no idea (at least from the movie ?) what his character is like now, I think it's impossible to speculate.

As to the actual question of should they? I think they should do whatever they think makes the best movie, if they're going to kill him off in some contrived way just because they want to move on from his character that would suck, but if they create a great moment with all the feels then that's great too.
Rey kills him in ep 8 to turn to the dark side 
No he shouldn't. (It was difficult for me to say that). But if he does die, he really doesn't because Force ghosts are a thing.
If they kill him in a smart, plausible, well written way, I'll be happy.

If they made him survive in a smart, plausible, well written way, I'll be happy too.

I just want a smart, plausible, well written story.  That means no Master-Luke-goes-into-exile-allowing-the-bad-guys-to-become-strong-in-his-absence stuff.
Yes I hope that he just dies peacefully some time after the trilogy, it would also give him time to actually begin rebuilding the Jedi Order before he dies.
Yes. Killing another OT character would feel cheap.
If they decide to use them in a story, yes. Until they are published, they are just numbers on a hard drive somewhere in California. 
Not unless they are explicitly defined as canon. Bad batch, Utapau story reels and the other unfinished stuff from the Clone Wars are canon because Dave Filoni and others have said they are. We have known for a while that the Siege of Mandalore was canon even though we didn't see it in the Clone Wars, we just barely got a glimpse of it in the Ahsoka novel.

I think its safe to say if it didn't explicitly appear anywhere canon or isn't explicitly defined as canon by Lucasfilm then it is not canon until we see it otherwise.
As The Pablo says:

"When you ask 'is it canon?' The answer means 'do other storytellers need to take it into account?' That's all the answer means."

https://twitter.com/pablohidalgo/status/713056528253595649
From my understanding is that, no, they aren't canon 

However, material is being lifted from Underworld and is being used in the new canon.
Potentially.

Church of the Force came from Underworld. They were in The Force Awakens and seemingly in Rogue One.

Pablo said Darth Plagueis (novel) won't be canonised because of how it conflicted with George's ideas. One of those ideas was that Palpatine was spurned by a woman (which came from Underworld).

Although not present in any story Dave Filoni said there is a canonical explanation as to why Anakin appears young as a ghost that was going to be explored in the Yoda arc in The Clone Wars and has a little something to do with Yoda planting that seed in Anakin then. 
Finally, attractive people getting a chance in Hollywood 
She'll make a great Chewie.
Will we see the fateful card game where Han beats Lando at a game of Sabacc and win the Falcon? Or do they need to be older?
Really hope that Clarke will be a twi'lek or togruta. 
What a year for Childish Gambino. 
Is it me or does this look more like the cast of a young Lethal Weapon movie? ;)
Are there any significant blonde women in the Star Wars universe? Something something George Lucas has a thing for brunettes...
I don't think there's a more perfect choice for Lando. Alden doesn't look anything like Harrison Ford but Donald Glover looks *almost* exactly like Billy Dee Williams.

EDIT: For those people claiming I'm ~~a Trump supporter~~ racist, I'm going to link to [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWars/comments/5dtrfe/an_incredibly_beautiful_leading_trio_of_the_han/da7n80b) comment where I compare their facial features (chin, nose, eyebrows), hair, and complexion and admit that now I **can** see how different they really are but still admit that they look eerily similar.
I think it'd be great if she was the villain. 
Who's Emilia Clarke playing, and how do you think she'll die?
i really really want dani pudi to play [Nien Nunb](http://s26.photobucket.com/user/ThinWhiteDuke1/media/MQ1.jpg.html)
I think it's funny how I care more about the two that aren't Han Solo. 
Lando falls for Daenerys Stormborn of the House Targaryen, First of Her Name, the Unburt, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Chains, and Mother of Dragons.

Daenerys dies due to Empire.

Lando sad, goes into self exile.

Sets up Tabana Mining Co., Inc., AKA Cloud City.
They should toss this idea away and make a Knights of the Old Republic trilogy 
i would like to fornicate with all of them, especially Donald
Emilia Clarke? Really? 

I feel her performance in GoT is pretty bad (just reading lines instead of acting the character). Is she better in the other movies?
I think they should also do a Star Trek TNG origins film and have Donald play Geordi.
Han, Lando and the chick that will double-time them both.
I know that people here aren't excited for this movie but the more I hear about it the more I'm looking forward to it. 

Honestly I'm super hyped for this movie and think it will be phenomenal. I stopped thinking it was a bad idea when the directors were announced. 
So it's a Han... 'Trio'. Get it..?

I'll see myself out.
there will be people who will hate the movie cause harrison ford isnt playing Han solo, i guarantee it
So Han, Lando, and... and Chewbacca?
[mfw DongLover is gonna be lando](http://i.imgur.com/TemSZcU.png)

Edit: guess that's what I get for trying to be funny. 
Emilia Clarke character predition: Ahsoka

In the timeline of this movie she would be a rogue out alone in the galaxy.  Perhaps lurking in the same haunts as a young brash Han...
Indeed. 

For a moment, I wasn't sure if this was /r/starwars or /r/bisexual 

ヾ(⌐■_■)ノ♪

Too good looking really. 
RemindMe! 2018-06-01 "This movie is a terrible idea and is going to end up being terrible."
She's so pretty.
Hopefully all the cast beyond this point are unknowns 
Not to mention Phil Lord and Chris Miller at the helm. Shit is gonna be awesome
Man Hobie Doyle has sure moved up from them cowboy pictures. The studio really changed his image 
Let's pick the 3 most attractive people we can find because looks sell :D mad jealous
I know there's not much reason for it but...

I've got a bad feeling about this.
I'm really, just not interested in this movie, at all.
Looks...*familiar*...
I'm so happy Gambino is making moves in the movie industry. Ever since that space movie (Martian I think?) I thought he was pretty decent. Atlanta is fucking awesome too. Can't wait to see how he does in this one.
Still rather have Ewan and obi wan. 

Han isn't a hero. It'll be a heist movie. 
Excited as fuck
I gotto be honest I don't really care who plays these characters - please - just write a decent bloody story. 

Stop relying on nostalgia, set pieces, recognisable faces and just write a story you WANT to tell. Not some messy ball of feeling and eye candy.
Anyone else think it's weird that we've got at least 2 characters whose star power will outshine Han Solo himself? Doesn't that seem....off?
Gambino's pic looks like a stock photo for "smiling black man." It is terrible.
I still can't get over Donald Glover 
The lords work...the lords work...
r/titlegore
So, im guessing [Bria Tharen](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Bria_Tharen) is a cannon character again? 
MUH LOINS
Troy and Khalessi in the moorrrnnninnnggg
He does look like a young Jason Mamoa there.
Bleh. 
What options are there for Emilia Clarke's role? Han's love interest? Lando's love interest? Han's sister? Lando's co-pilot? All of the above?
Meh
Well two of them at least...
Who's the guy on the right of Queen Daenerys?
My peanut butter chocolate cake with kool aid~
[deleted]
Could she be Sana Solo, from the comics?
At least one of them can act. 
So, will this be a Lando origin story? I hope so.
Expectations for this... 0
Six seasons and a movie!
I dunno Donald Glover looks chronically depressed 
I really really really hope this movie is good...
So boring
I still don't think this is a movie that even needs to be made... Whether it's good or not 
Which is Han? None of them look like him.
I'm betting Emilia Clarke's gonna play Princess Leia. And if she is, I hope the movie doesn't end up like Terminator Genisys, where Emilia Clarke plays the female lead from a franchise's original movies and the movie's plot fucks up the franchise's continuity
Incredibly beautiful people?  Calm down, OP
How old are the characters meant to be in this movie? It's not like Han Solo was old in A New Hope. I'm definitely going to see this movie at midnight when it comes out, but I can't help but feel like we've already seen young Han Solo in the original trilogy. I know this isn't exactly an original thought, but I personally think Boba Fett is more deserving of a stand alone movie than Han Solo, mostly because Boba hasn't been explored all that much on screen.
I don't understand how that guy is supposed to look like Han. Anthony Ingruber is way better than that guy.
anyone else suddenly thirsty for a [colt 45](http://epmgaa.media.clients.ellingtoncms.com/img/photos/2016/03/28/billy-dee-williams_t580.jpg?8f1b5874916776826eb17d7e67de7278c987ca33)?
I'll probably skip this one. 
Emilia Clarke is going to ruin that movie.
I liked it better when movies had interesting looking people who could act good. Now everything's an American Apparel ad. 
Not loving the Emilia Clarke casting. Just personal preference but I like star wars with lesser known actors. She's just so iconic from GoT.
I'm surprised no one has posted this yet but this but Donald Glover (lando) has just released a new Song and it Fucking rocks. 

He goes by the name of Childish Gambino and this is [Redbone](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kp7eSUU9oy8)

I would love to hear this song in a Lando Movie because like Lando it just sounds so Sauve and cool.
Putting him in a white shirt infront of a white background was dumb.
I thought the main female lead was going to be a black woman and it was supposed to be Sana Solo from the comics?
"incredibly beautiful" *sarcasm*
This is fucking terrible 
I'm actually pretty disappointed she's ruled out any Terminator sequels. She kicked ass as Sarah Connor, although nobody will top Lena Headey (sorry, Linda Hamilton).
This must be the new disney PC formula
Ehrenreich doesn't have Ford's eyes.  It's kind of off-putting.  Hopefully he gets the voice right.  Anakin's different voice in tCW made quite difficult to believe he was the same guy as in the movies (although the different personality was also a major factor).
Looking forward to seeing her tits in the star wars universe 
I don't want it
[deleted]
Is it just me or is anyone looking at this and getting a TFA flashback?
Can't wait for this to be a critical flop. 
I hope dong lover is more like troy and less like himself in this movie. I really hate his real life attitude. 
I'm weird for not being excited for this movie aren't I... I need to do a marathon or something.
Oh, wait. They are going to reboot The Force Awakens?
git rid of glover please.  thank you.
[deleted]
Yeah let's make them beautiful so as to distract from the homogenous corporate brainwashing that is The Film Industry. 
With the way they treated the Dark Tower movie I'm surprised Han isn't black.
How many Good Boy Points would this cost me?
That is awesome. I'm envious!
That is incredibly cool
>…saw Space Balls…though it was canon...

I think I need to know his this conversation went.
>Space Balls first when she was younger and thought that it was canon 

dafuq?

Anyhow, how did she like A New Hope? What order are you viewing the movies in?
There was some guest commentator on The Star Wars Minute podcast who did the same thing as a kid, saw Space Balls well before he saw any Star Wars movies and for years thought Space Balls WAS Star Wars. 

Some people just miss some cultural markers as kids for whatever reason. I know in my house, because my parents are immigrants, American pop culture was just not on their radar even with all the advertising for the Special Edition and Prequel releases. If I hadn't stumbled upon it on my own, I also would have grown up without ever having seen it. 

Edit: I can't words 
Was also trying to get my lady friend to get into Star Wars. She asked me the plot of the movies to which I explained there's a lot going on, it's not simple, it's about a fallen hero making bad choices, about redemptions, about how others fight against a conquerer of the galaxy.

She told me it sounds "retarded". 


Sigh.....
> that it was canon 

Would honestly take Space Balls over plenty of the EU shit
In her defense, *Spaceballs* is more canon than the prequels.
Wow. This is absolutely amazing man. Thanks for the extra pictures! 
I really wish the New Republic utilizes armor like this in the new trilogy. It seems more practical (tactically speaking) than the traditional rebel infantry armor and it hails back to the Old Republic.
I guess I'll ask the standard cosplay questions:

- What is it made of?

-  How much did it cost?

-  How long did it take to build?

Other than that, it looks fantastic. Pretty much identical to the set from SWTOR
When I first saw that, I thought it was one of those super expensive Sideshow action figures. Extremely detailed and must feel so awesome to wear. Nice job!
Welcome to Havoc Squad, sergeant. 
Nice use of [the Nerf Stormfire](https://s19.postimg.org/sxve5q4tf/Storm.png)/[Clear Shot](http://s19.postimg.org/boex74ezl/Clear_Shot.jpg)!
This is amazing! I LOVE the Havoc squad emblem!
As I was scrolling down my front page, I thought this was an r/StarWarsBattlefront post.  Great job, fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice... can't get fooled again.
Always love your cosplays u/LazyAardvark, cant wait to see you finish your First Order trooper (this is Mike from Chanco)!
hey, how do you deal with fog on the visor?
501 certified?
So cool!!
That is an awesome suit!
I want to wear that so bad. Amazing work!
Blue steel lol
Looks awesome! Totally movie/studio quality. Makes me wanna go back and play the game
Seems kinda weird for it to be so similar to armor thousands(?) of years in the future, is there a lord reason?
Is that a nerf pistol 0.o
Sorry I'm late, I have a few other questions as to how you made this:

* You mentionned the cost of the plastic pieces, does that mean you ordered them premade or did you just order sheets that you then folded/sculpted to make the armor puzzle?
 * If you bought them premade, where?
 * If you made them yourself, how?
* How does the inside of the helmet look like?
 * Is it just a big plastic dome or is there some foam to hold your head tight and stop your eyes from slipping away from the visor?
 * You talked about fans, where does their power come from? I've always wanted to make a clone trooper helmet like that (hence the questions), with a little computer integrated on my backplate or behind my head for cool effects and 360° vision and other uselessness, and I was wondering if you had something similar?

If you've used online guides to make this costume and you don't feel like answering any of those questions, could I at least have some links to them? Whenever I look for how to make stormtrooper armor online I only ever find things that involve paper or plastic sheets so thin they look like shiny paper, your armor has volume to it and I like that a lot!
I hate the Havoc Troopers but this is a good costume.
It sucks for us non-creative people that we can't make this awesome stuff.

I would pay good money to have someone make me armor like this.
Got to love how everything in the Star Wars universe is a copy/tweak of something a thousand years prior and nothing really new ever comes out of this universe.
- Mark, after learning he has 30 seconds of screentime: "Of course I'll show up to the photoshoot!"

- Harrison, the minute he was finished filming his scenes: "Peace out everyone." 
Remember when we thought Dohmnall Gleason would play Luke's son? He does look the part in my opinion. 

And man does he have a rocking beard. 
"Say cheese!"

**All:** Cheese!

**Luke:** *stares intently*
Mark Hamill really does look short for a stormtrooper here.
PoexPhasma confirmed boys!
Is it me or do I sense some sexual tension between Oscar and Gwendoline.
Gwendoline Christie and Oscar Isaac agreeing to strike if they both get put on a bus again.
I love that Mark is taking it seriously and the rest really aren't, Adam is eating for gods sake, this is a great group of people
I was gutted when I found out Domhnall Gleeson would be playing Hux. He would've made a great member of the resistance/possible Jedi.

But kudos to his acting skills, he does play the part well.
Adam driver is a tall mofo

Gwendoline is yuuuuuge
Haha, Oscar and Gwendoline are such good sports about their height difference (although I think Oscar isn't even that short, last I heard he was 5' 9". But Google also says he could be 5' 7" so who knows. Anyone could like like they're 5' 2" next to her)
Such a talented cast. Say what you will about Abrams, but his casting ability is insane. So happy we have all of them in the Star Wars universe. 
Can someone diagram it up?  I see Hamill, Abrams, Rey, and Jon Boy.  Anyone else?
Where's Carrie and Harrison?
Ya, Oscar Issac is like 5'7. Adam Driver is 6'2. Osci must be wearing stilettos 
Cathy's taste in shirts in always flawless. 
Harrison and Carrie aren't there. They're somewhere doin' it. 
i see some love eyes going on between two people!
Wonderfull! 
Who's the ginger and the dude next to Adam Driver?
*these highly paid actors being paid to pretend to be nerds
The Force Anleashed
Mark Hamill not joining in because [he hates the movie](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3S2zsCaOOmE).
Every time i see Gwendoline Christie, it reminds me of the movie "Deuce Bigalow, Male Gigolo" 
Can we stop calling them man tears? Just call them tears. 

As for a kenobi movie, I'd love one, although it would be pretty boring because he doesn't do much other than hide out on tat for like 20 years
We saw enough of the psychological effects, I think. Revenge of the Sith didn't cut to black before Obi-Wan was visibly really messed up inside, onscreen.

Yeah, he probably did have some low times while waiting for Luke to grow up. That doesn't, to me, seem like the sort of subject matter than needs to be its own Star Wars film.
Hey OP, would Darth Vader be in this movie?  Would he and obi wan share scenes?


Not that I know of, but ["ansibles"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ansible) are common sci-fi devices that have this effect. The justification usually has to do with quantum entanglement or something. I'm not sure if Star Wars would ever want to touch into (mis?)uses of real-world physics due to its more fantasy-like setting. The point isn't to convince us that the things we see in the movies could happen, whereas a lot of sci-fi depends on that.
They send the signals through Hyperspace. They basically communicate through wormholes. 
Magic.
There is also never a reference to the fact that time is a function of gravity, and the discrepancies this would cause in aging and linear time progression for the stories.
can't remember if it was in a legends book or canon but I remember a mention of hyperspace relays used for communication
They have faster than light travel, I assume something like that is how it works. 
They can travel faster than light, im assuming they can make their transmissions travel even faster
Uh... quantum entanglement maybe?
I understand transmissions occur through what's called subspace, which may or may not be distinct from *hyper*space.
In Catalyst Krennic makes a point to talk about common delays in holovids.  
I just assume that technology is sufficiently advanced that this sort of thing is an ordinary enough occurrence that no one would ever feel the need to question or explain it.
Communication through subspace? 
I figure it has to do with such sci-fi technobabble staples as "subspace" and "hyperspace." Basically, being able to send signals on some sort of pocket dimension wavelength where the rules of space-time and relativity are different. 

Problem with that is that if one possessed such a power, they could conceivably also warp it intentionally so as to send messages into the past, etc. etc. But let's assume there's a good reason why they can't, and at the end of the day this is an opera about space wizards so whatever.
l33t h4x.
I don't think that he actually wanted Anakin to go to Utapau, he just wanted to put the idea in Anakin's head so that he would get pissed off when the council rejected him.  
The Council was very suspicious of Palpatine, which he knew. By suggesting that Anakin should go, he's manipulating the Council to NOT let him go. Kind of a reverse psychology thing. He's ensuring that Anakin will be left at Coruscant, while Obi-wan is away. Obi-wan is the biggest obstacle for Palapatine in his plan to get Anakin to fall, so splitting them up is important. 

Then there's also ofc what others here have said: Anakin will be angry that he's been overlooked, but I'm pretty sure that's just a bonus to Palpatine. 
He knew the Council would resist him, and Palpatine could use that instance to tell Anakin that the Council did not think he was worthy.
Sidious knew what the council would say, both with that, and other situations. Doing that puts doubt into Anakin's mind, making it easier to manipulate him. Evil genius, that guy 
So he could kill all the Trade Federation bigwigs. The same ones he eventually murders on Mustaphar. 
Arresting him for being a Sith is probably not legal. Arresting him for orchestrating the war would be well within their purview.
He orchestrated a galaxy wide war that ravaged worlds and killed millions.
What they attempted was a coup. 

EDIT: To the downvoters, do you even know what a coup is? There are justifiable and unjustifiable examples. Nerds. 
He orchestrated a war to commit treason and mutiny, caused billions to die, leveled cities on many planets, and was illegally continuing his term
I don't believe they had any legal authority to do something like that. Even if Palpatine hadn't killed the Jedi Masters and decided to be arrested peacefully, I can't imagine that anything would have turned out any different. The galaxy at large really didn't know exactly what a Sith was. They had been thought to be extinct for thousands of years. Even if they had heard of the Sith, it was probably in the context that they didn't get along with the Jedi and that's about it. On the other hand, the senate would have seen the Jedi's actions like a military coup, sided with Palpatine and the Jedi would have still ended up dead. No matter what Anakin or the Jedi did at that point in the game, they were doomed. 
Windu didn't have the authority. He and the council were essentially perpetrating a military coup. The even spoke earlier in the movie about potentially having to take control of the senate if Palpatine didnt step down and they had to remove him when the war ended.
Even if they didn't know the extent Palpatine had shaping the war, they still would have done it, cause what's legal doesn't matter as much as what's right. Having an evil space wizard from a line of evil space wizards who have for millennia been the foes of the Jedi Order taking control of a free and democratic government is more than enough reason to arrest/kill him.
None.  It wasn't the will of the force. 
The fact that Palpatine was a Sith meant he was the most likely suspect to be Dooku's master and the orchestrator of the Clone Wars. The Jedi has good reason to believe he was guilty of treason.
Palpatine did nothing wrong!
They had no evidence. They were moving based on their own prejudice and theories
You don't need a right in an uprising or rebellion, that's why it's a rebellion. 
he manipulated and assassined Sen Kim and the gran gran sen.
Your all that remains of their ancient religion. Religion is the key word. The Galaxy at large distrusted the Jedi and the Jedi were a secretive sect. The galaxy not knowing who or what the Sith were made the Jedi pretty screwed. Their move was illegal. 
http://i.imgur.com/HGs8NC2.jpg
He was on Mustafar cause he was a part of the separatist leadership, and then he died. That's it.
Who isn't snoke?
No.
> The writers intentionally placed the foreman of the Techno Union there. Almost as if to set up a potential character arc, yes?

You killed your whole theory there. Snoke and episode 7 weren't even thought of at that time. Plus Lucas' vision of episode 7 was nothing like TFA and Snoke doesn't exist in Lucas' draft of episode 7. Snoke wasn't invented until recently by people who didn't even write episode 3
How do you think general audiences would react to it being revealed that he was this background character with three lines of dialogue all along? 
r/starwarsspeculation ->
"What AM I Kylo Ren?  Wat indeed?"
I think you might be onto something OP.
I love the banter between Vader and Palpatine at the end.
I don't usually care for spoofs on Youtube, but this was really well done. I liked the timing, and how they didn't resort to a slew of cheap jokes. Good banter between the characters. 
Palps I thought you were my homeboy
Iron Squadron kind of made it clearer actually: he wanted to draw out the Rebel leadership and end them in a single strike. He's letting them get small victories, baiting them to come and grow a little more bold so they finally overextend and he can slam them into the ground without having to deal with them sulking back to their hidden cells and rebuilding. He knows that you can't really fight a drawn out war with an enemy who uses hit and run tactics, you have to make them think they can take you on even terms before destroying them and any hope they have of destroying your empire.

Given the respect they've given him so far I fully expect he'll have a victory episode, where me tears apart Phoenix Squadron and forces the main cast to be on their own again. I've heard the idea that the rebel symbol may have been adopted in memory of phoenix squadron (which has a modified version of the symbol), as a rallying cry because they get defeated. But we'll have to see.
Why the only puzzle worth solving, of course... The complete, total, and utter destruction of the Rebellion.

I would also say he understands the value of Phoenix Squadron... specially of Hera, Kanan and Ezra. He had been studying them closely and just got to see at what lengths Hera is willing to go to cripple and deny assets to the Empire, including sacrificing her heritage and home. I think he will make a trap by leading  the Phoenix into a situation where they are forced to choose between two great blows to themselves/Rebellion... if they wish to survive. Either way, he would win.
My guess is that the last few episodes of season 3 will be his plan coming into fruition. I got Sato dying and a lot of Rebel forces getting the ax because of Thrawn's ability. Most of the main cast may survive, but Ezra may be a step or 2 closer to his dark side calling and I'm not even confident Kanan makes it out alive.
That's awesome. But... clean your toilet. 
Your toilet has some stuff it shouldnt have
Clean your sith!
hahaha
Secretly inform someone it's rebels and have them plant a tracker
He wanted to keep his legs this time.
Maybe he didn't have his lightsaber on him.
I assumed that he went to go look for him solo.  He probably knew he wasnt going to be so easily found on the ship.  
I got the impression that at first, he didn't know it was specifically Obi-Wan he sensed, just someone he encountered a long time ago. 

If I remember correctly, he looks up at the *Falcon* and says "I sense something. A presence I've not felt since..." and then he walks off. It's a bit later when he realises who it was and tells Tarkin.
He probably got Anakin flashbacks so he went to his meditation chamber to drive them out. 
Apparently he went off so he could surprise him. Which he did. Plot and what not. 
I love Spaceballs. . . It's a shame not everyone remembers it. 
This feels like it's a frame from mr pickles 
Never thought about it like that, that does make me sad. But still, the fact that Han still rallies to help get BB-8 back to the resistance shows that he hasn't given up on Luke or what he can do for the cause. 

As a side note, the way he delivers the line "I knew him" always sounds almost exactly like how Jack Sparrow says "I knew him" in regard to Bill Turner. Makes me expect that Han will follow up the line with an explanation to Finn and Rey about how everybody else called Luke Bootstrap or Bootstrap Bill. 
I don't think he was angry or bitter towards Luke at all. He knew Luke very well and what kind of person he was. He knew his son had too much Vader in him.
I'm not sure Han's bitter or angry towards Luke. To me he sounded sad that he hadn't seen Luke in a while.
Yeah I know what you mean! Like he's saying well he WAS my friend...
Echoing what others have said, I never took that as Han being bitter towards Luke, just full of regret at everything that happened, including arguably his closest friend besides Chewie blaming himself for it all and walking out of their lives. 
It was Rey  mentioning the map that changed Han's mind about what to do with her and Finn initially,  he wanted to find Luke too.
I don't think Han blames Luke, though he may question how well he knew him after Luke goes into hiding. But Ben turning, that was more Leia and Han's responsibility for not explaining to Ben about their family's past.
Man, breaking the news that Ben had turned to the dark side to Han and Leia must've been one of the hardest things Luke's had to in his life.
I doubt sincerely that Han held any anger or bitterness toward Luke. Maybe initially, but he knows that Ben's failures were his own. By the time Ben fell to the dark side he was old enough to make his own decisions. 
And now they won't see each other again.
That's what snow troopers are for, duh.
/s
I hope it feels like Star Wars

I have no idea why, but even though I enjoyed Force Awakens a lot as a movie I didn't really love it as a Star Wars movie. I guess part of it was that so much time went into paying homage/setting up that I didn't feel like the movie actually added anything new of value to the Star Wars universe. As I watched I felt like boxes were being ticked and despite all the cool x-wing shots and what have you, it just didn't give me the feeling of amazement or whatever that Star Wars content of any type (movie, cartoons, games) often give me.

I don't know what it needs to do to feel like an awesome Star Wars experience this time around but that's what I need, if it expands on things like the galactic life under the Empire, a different viewpoint of the force (blind guy looks super promising imo), creation of the death star (maybe we get some brief info on the crystals or something?) I think it can really do it for me.
Gosh I hope they spell Rogue right.
That Vader doesn't mow down everyone.

I'd much rather that most of the team lead a Serenity style final stand as Jyn and some of the team hurry to get the data to the Tantive IV
An extensive scene of the deathstar going into hyperspace
inb4 *Rogue.
I am really hoping they don't hold back with Vader. It would be a colossal mistake imo if he doesn't wreck nearly everyone. As OP said, what he does in this movie will influence how we see him in the OT, so he needs to be menacing and merciless. 

I don't think they will disappoint us. Important to remember, Lucasfilm is still in charge; Disney owns Lucasfilm, but its still Kathleen Kennedy and Lucasfilm running the show. 

I also hope R1 does enough to justify making more anthology films, and more risky ones at that. If R1 does good, maybe they can branch out into KOTOR or something of the like. If it just does okay, there will probably be more OT time period anthology films like Boba Fett which would be a letdown imo (but I'd still watch it).
It's after RoTS and just before ANH, I think in this period Vader would have been very powerful and very ruthless. I hope we see him decimate the Rebel scum *ahem*. I'm expecting it to be more gritty than the OT/PT/ST films and have a more desperate feeling (no Jedi, just ordinary rebels.)

I have my tickets booked, and I'm super excited.
I hope Jyn is a three dimensional character and that Vader is confined to a two minute scene towards the end of the film. 
I wonder how ruthless Disney will let him be. I honestly doubt we'll see him go on a rampage, as awesome as that'd be 
I wanna hear Darth Vader's original theme. 

The music he has in Star Wars 1977 before the imperial march was a thing. 

I wanna hear both I guess. I just wanna hear a tip of the cap musicaly to the original Darth Vader. 

It could be thematically fitting given this films relationahip to "a new hope"
I just hope the music works. 

And I hope they don't do as many fan service moments as in. TFA. 

I think it worked fine in TFA. But the tone of this film just looks entirely different from regular Star Wars. 
I feel like the Death Star served as a decent through line between the prequels and the OT. Seeing it all the way back in Episode 2 as a separatist pipe dream that was later co-opted by the Empire brought some gravity to the Clone Wars, even if it was in the background. It's like Hitler finding the Kaiser's plans for a super weapon and deploying it in the second world War. There's a cool history there that's never been explored. I really hope they acknowledge the Death Star's Geonosian roots. 
 Really, really hope they don't have Vader kill everyone. They can demonstrate ruthlessness without it and it cheapens the deaths in my opinion. All Vader going murder mode does is give fan service and just feels tacky as hell. 
>Final Hopes for Rouge One?

**ROUGE BANNED**

>What are your final hopes for Rouge One?

**DOUBLE ROUGE BANNED**
Very cool. 
Want it in my living room.
I agree that Luke didn't really help them escape, but wasn't R2 critical for them to get to the Falcon?
I more or less agree. Had Luke not left Degobah, Han would have still been frozen and taken to Jabba and Leia, Chewbacca, Lando and the droids still would have probably escaped on the Falcon. The only major thing that would have been changed is Luke would still have his right hand and he wouldn't have learned that Anakin and Vader were the same person from Vader himself. It's possible that Yoda and Obi-Wan would have told him eventually (although I doubt it since they were so big on keeping secrets) or he would have learned it from Vader when he tried to confront him farther down the road. It is possible that his fight with Vader in Return of the Jedi could have tuned out differently had he not known Vader was his father. Their familial connection was a big factor in bringing Anakin back from the dark side, so had Luke not known, it's possible he would have lost that battle or died on the Death Star when it blew up. 
Here's a video about it : https://m.youtube.com/watch?list=PLyXNVJm4ZnaOc-PElgonXKIx9xn098n08&v=CyWAivOjupY
Audiences around the world would have been denied the greatest character moment ever in a blockbuster film

And the film in general would have had quite a weak ending. 
An interesting what if. Han's rescue would likely be at best delayed. With more training Luke would have been able to defeat Vader easy enough, I think. He'd likely need to train for years to be able to match Palpatine though. Then there's the question if Yoda tells him about his heritage with Vader or not. If he went into the whole scenario thinking Vader pure evil and irredeemable it turns him into a Jedi warrior rather than his apparent need to avoid fighting to avoid the temptation of the dark side. I'd like to think that Yoda would tell him about Anakin, but in a way that clearly emphasizes his belief that Vader is irredeemable. So, assuming the death stroke can occur in the heat of battle, Vader is killed. Yoda likely would have taught Luke to defend against force lightning, so when he goes against Palpatine it would come down to lightsabers. On the same hand, I don't think for an instant Palpatine would rely wholly on his own abilities, he'd have a backup plan the only reason that didn't happen was cause of Vader's unexpected betrayal. If the throne room floods with imperial guards I can't think of a solution for Luke. At best it seems he can hold off Palpatine's retreat until the Death Star is destroyed and takes both of them with it, assuming the battle still plays out the same.
It's not like every bit of the planet is residential area, either. I'm sure a good portion are business, storage, trade, and transport centers. And a lot is probably government facilities and military related, and I assume the Republic own most floors directly under and near their facilities for security purposes. It is the Capital of the known galaxy after all.

Then they also have large powerplants to keep the whole planet working, and I assume there are at least some areas set aside for flora, fauna, and water. Probably some large greenhouses and hydroponics centers set up all over the planet.

And since it is the galactic hub and Capital, I would guess there are a decent amount of fairly wealthy people that privately own large chunks of the infrastructure. 

Then take into account that a lot of those layers are either uninhabited or are sparsely occupied due to pollution, crime, and disrepair. At least I think that's how it was in the old EU. 
>Really puts the Star Wars universe into perspective, doesn't it?

Yes it does, now stop ruining Star Wars with your reasonable and rational arguments.
Woah, never really thought about it and you make an excellent point. I assume it was just a big number, same as there being a few million clones for a galactic scale conflict; sounds impressive until you think about it.
If you like this kind of thing you should read the Foundation series by Isaac Asimov.

The capital planet Trantor was the inspiration for Coruscant. 
[Science Fiction Writers Have No Sense of Scale](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/ScifiWritersHaveNoSenseOfScale)
Wait until you start thinking about how every planet they ever go to must be similar in size to earth otherwise they should be experiencing gravity differences.

I personally have no problem with suspension of disbelief with sci-fi fantasy.
Most people live underground Coruscant.  It has over 1,000 floors. It would be difficult to imagine the sheer number of people planetwide per floor as well.
I can only say that Coruscant has tons and tons of industry on its surface. Factories, shipyards, large automated machinery crucial for the planet's survival. So taking that into account might make up for the lack of a larger population due to less surface area being populated. Or it could just be an oversight like you pointed out
The 1 trillion could be registered residents, but Coruscant could have trillions more in tourists, people on business trips, traders, smugglers, stop-overs flights, undocumented beings, etc. And don't forget the sheer amount of storage space needed for all the droids, speeders, spaceships (spaceports) and other technology. What about all the infrastructure to keep a place like that running? Also, recreational spaces (parks, museums, etc). Corsucant also has giant plazas and monuments all over as well. Coruscant is also home to a lot of wealthy beings who probably own an obscene amount of real estate. Lastly, large amounts of the abandoned industrial areas are uninhabitable due to toxic waste. 

At least it's better than Trantor, which had a population of less than 50 billion. Trantor at its height was apparently an enormous ghost town.
I always assumed that large areas of Coruscant are industrial or otherwise non-residential.

And also, many of the lower levels are actually uninhabitable. 

That said, I still think the population of Coruscant should be a bit higher. 
Ahh but is it a US trillion or a UK trillion? Totally different scales
Vancouver's west end has 57,000 per sq/mi. You could live pretty easily in that density with the right technology. 
I think your math is all wrong. You say that, to have a population of 1 trillion, Coruscant would have to have a population density of 5000 people per sq. mile. Okay. But then you say that if Earth had a planetwide density identical to Manhattan, we'd have 13x Coruscant's population. Then you get even more ridiculous with the Kowloon City ratio. So...what are you trying to say, exactly? That Coruscant isn't viable with 1 trillion people because it's not unlivable enough?
I'm 99% procent sure George Lucas never thought about stuff like this. He simply thought the idea of a planet sized city was cool so he put it in the movie. When you really start thinking about things in the SW universe they mostly make zero sense.
They where so preoccupied with wether or not they could, they didn't stop to think if they should 
It's a getaway vehicle. Duh.
Reminds me of this

http://brickset.com/sets/7311-1
It's like one of those ships in Star Fox boss battles that have all their guns facing backwards so they can shoot at you while you're chasing them.
I'm more concerned about that bottom wing, and what it's trying to do.
Where was this display?? I'm appalled!
How is the original Star Wars racist?

Edit: nvm sand people
My favorite was how people called it 'too fast paced'. Now, A New Hope is slow paced compared to TFA, which was way too fast paced.  

I wonder what would've happened to Star Wars if RottenTomatoes existed back then. What percent would it get? Would people go see it after seeing the reviews combined together? That was an age where most people hadn't even read a review, except maybe in a newspaper. 
The Wall Street Journal quote seems pretty spot on for the current movie climate tbh.
"If the Empire has this kind of power what chance do we have?"

Jyn: "The question is what choice!"

Gareth said, "Through their journey we see the formation of the rebel alliance."  I'm looking forward to this, witnessing the forging of an alliance from a set of discordant voices.  Should be cool.
That X-wing shot tho 😍
I am so stoked for the x-wing sequences. Everything I've seen so far looks amazing.
The visuals look incredible. I'm afraid it will make A New Hope look very dated in comparison.
Just to remind you: Rogue one is not shot in 3D. The "3D-version" only uses some 3D after effects to take cash away from idiots.
The music man! So good
This looks so cool! Can't wait to see the Star Wars "war film"!
Member' tha death star?!?!?
Any word on the US?
Hopefully they go on sale in the US soon. 
At least, in the UK anyway but I'd guess the rest of the world will be around the same time. No indication on actual time on sale yet though.
Any word on Canada?
Tomorrow in Finland as well!
For anyone who can't get on Facebook, here's a screenshot - Proof tickets on sale. http://iob.imgur.com/uYGg/gKIXsKd4ry
12.00 the 21st of Nov here in Denmark. They are opening an IMAX in Århus, and Rogue one is the first movie to air. 

I need tickets for it, the 14. Dec can't come fast enough. 
The U.K. sees it a day or two earlier correct? That would explain why there's nothing for the States yet.
finally
Will be travelling in Germany from Australia, and are very keen to get midnight tickets in Berlin can anyone confirm if Germany is having the sale at the same time?
Yes! Goes on sale tomorrow here in Sweden as well. I'm going to get them as soon as possible, and the earliest viewing!
And it's booked!
Finally got my tickets after the same delays from Cineworld that we had last year.
They must know they can't get the tickets live that quickly, so why put together a social media camping about them being available at midnight
Boom baby, middle 4 seats of the mid row for me and my friends on the 14th of December at 10:00 in the morning in the Netherlands. 

I'm hyped as hell
Booked!  So buzzing right now.
This is rad! Fuck anyone who downvotes you for creating something original.
I dig it!
Same shit as last year! Still managed to book my ticket for the midnight showing at the IMAX in Glasgow, though.
Got mine from Vue. Odeon were being fucking useless 
1 hour and 9 minutes late, and Edinburgh still isn't showing up as one of the available cinemas.
Okay something's been confusing me, by ThursdayDec 15 00:00 do they mean like Wednesday night/Thursday morning right? 
I got mine from cineworld, only after 2 hours of waiting for them to go up
Got my tickets for the BFI IMAX in Waterloo with slight annoyance but it's fine
Odeon for midnight was ridiculous trying to get tickets was a worst experience than my last break up.
Yup, just got mine for the midnight screening :)
Cine world for me but that star wars giveaway thing wants a 8 number booking  reference when the code is only 7!
Tried to book at Midnight. My local cinema wasn't showing for some reason. Tried it again at 8am this morning and managed to get the best seats. Going to the Midnight Screening! Can't wait.
Going to the first viewing (in Luton that is)
From what I can recall, not really. There aren't any canon novels about Qui-Gon and much of the legends stuff that features him heavily was aimed at younger readers. There was a series of young reader novels called [Jedi Apprentice](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Jedi_Apprentice) focused on Obi-Wan and Qui-Gon before Episode I happens. I remember enjoying them as a kid, but I have my doubts on how well they would hold up. 
Not yet, but that sounds pretty interesting. 
Nothing in the canon yet.

In Legends, check out the Jedi Apprentice series (young reader books) and Cloak of Deception. 
It would be cool to see a movie about the early Jedi at the First Temple.  It could tie in nicely with what Luke and Rey do in VIII.  
I'd rather they focus on new stuff, and allow books/comics to fill in the canon as intended. 
I'm not sure how interested general audiences would be in a movie so far removed from the current three trilogies, time-wise. Granted, they can do a million and one things that could absolutely work and be great, but I'm personally not at all interested in seeing this. I'd like to see more stuff post Return of the Jedi. 
I really like the origin of the Jedi the way the Old Republic tells it with Tython and the splintered group of Jedi going to Korriban.

Talking about going back to that time period always both super excites me and terrifies me, thrilled at the chance to see my favorite part of the Star Wars universe, scared shittless my favorite things about it will be thrown away.
Well I don't think they're cardboard, I think that's a layer overtop of the scene added in post production, part of the matte painting.  
If that's the 2006 edition, don't forget that the colour's very washed out.

It looks a little better (still noticeable if you're focusing on them, rather than the characters you're supposed to) with a proper grade done to it.

EDIT: In fact, if you want to see how it *should* be graded (and by extension how it blends in better), here's mike Verta's attempt at it: https://vimeo.com/121208685
That's been replaced in George's infanticidal 'remasterings' of the originals. 

That being said this change made sense, as it doesn't look up to snuff when in such high definition. 
I think HelloGreedo's explanation is more likely. It's probably a matte painting.
You're an intern posting info that is clearly barred by your NDA from your personal account? You're either really fake or really dumb.
r/starwarsleaks would appreciate this I think. Don't forget to add the spoiler flair!
I mean, do you have a source for this? Or is it all your own speculation?

Because, some of it doesn't really make any sense. 
What the hell. Get this shit off this sub. 
Your fifth bullet point outs you as full of it by anyone who has read Catalyst. Trying doing some more research if you want people to believe you.
Is it possible that the final cinema cut will be different as some scenes were not fully rendered yet
Based on what we know from Catalyst, I'm not sure I buy some of this dialogue.
A lot of the iconic Rebel ships actually *are* the kind of ships flown by private citizens in the galaxy - they're guerillas and have to make do with what's available. In particular, the Corellian Engineering Corporation is the biggest manufacturer of privately-owned starships in the galaxy, and the *Millennium Falcon*, *Tantive IV*, *Outrider*, and *Ghost* were all built by them.
Well, different ships served different functions. 

Wealthy citizens might have a yacht much like Lando's *Lady Luck* http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Lady_Luck

SoroSuub was a common civilian ship manufacturer as was Corellian Engineering Corporation.

Many freighter captains had the YT line of ships that Dash Rendar and Han Solo captained.
All sorts, however most of the information about it comes from Legends. People use smaller one man starships through freighters and frigates right up to cruisers. The YT-2000 was used as a civilian ship transporting cargo by the Azzameens before they joined the Rebellion. Lando had a yacht type ship IIRC. In fact, most Rebel ships by and large ARE civilian ships retrofitted with military weaponry/shielding. You can see a few civilian ships in the special edition of ANH, the prequels have civilian ships seen throughout the Coruscant scenes. Ship models like the Ebon Hawk or the Outrider are types of freighters used commercially by civilians. Slave I is another example. Just, yeah, a wide variety. Most of what isn't Republic/Empire are basically civilian ships, with the Rebels/CIS typically retrofitting them for war.
Yeah, the crossover between the two is minimal. There are only a few characters that make the jump. 
It is, but you won't feel man emotions for the the characters from TCW since you wouldn't know who they are
Season one works fine without knowing clone wars details. 2 and 3 incorporate more and more however. 
I mean you don't need to, but my favorite characters in the show are the ones from Clone Wars and while the show explains who they are you won't have the same attachment to them you would otherwise.

I think there's a lot of filler stuff in Clone wars due to the nature of the style, but if you're going to bother watching the cartoons anyway you might as well start off with clone wars.
Sure, you could. But certain elements may lose their significance without having become familiar with them in The Clone Wars. I suggest watching TCW first just so you can fully appreciate Rebels. 
Always but there is some character crossover that continues storylines from clone wars
It's entirely stand alone.

The show internally covers all the background story points it needs to work
You don't have to watch CW to get into Rebels. I do recommend checking out a few of the more popular CW arcs that people have pointed out on here though. 
That would be like watching prequels over the original trilogy. I love them both but TCW is 10x better than Rebels. My suggestion is to watch TCW too. Because it's just amazing. 
Yeah you need to remove the compressor cuz its straining the hyperdrive. 🙄 
Probably a bad motivator.
Check his antenna isn't bent!
Make sure that the unit inside is the base powered on. There's a switch there you may have forgotten about.
Contact them?
Amazing
The same thing happened to my Sphero BB-8 after a few weeks of purchase
I remember him talking about this on insta, it was a plan all along apparently and then he had Jawas come on and fix it
Damn Droid probably had a bad motivator...
He mentioned this on the podcast. Apparently he wanted to have Mark Hamill come out and complain about its motivator
She's the prettiest woman I've seen in a Star Wars themed wedding. Good for him. 
http://imgur.com/zkfJFXU
Skippy the Jedi Droid!
[source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zm31jOXdZKw)
Chris Hardwick is one of the only two celebrities I've met in my life, he came to my school for stand-up and I was working it. I got to talk with him for a while and you can tell he is just a genuinely good person.
I don't believe anybody has got R5-D4 as their favorite droid. It's a really fun story and super cool idea though. 
Chris Hardwick has replaced Ringo Starr as the luckiest human being on the planet.
Fun Fact; R5-D4 didn't "Break down". R2-D2 tampered with his brains while he was asleep and caused his frontal lobe to explode.

There's also an old story that R5 was actually the only force sensitive droid, and having a vision in the force that R2 would help fulfill lukes destiny, he tampered with his own brains in order to make sure the Lar's family took R2-D2 instead of himself.

I much prefer the first story where R2 is basically Hannibal lector. 
Uncle Owennn!!
This guy doesn't age. I used to watch him in Singled Out with Jenny McCarthy on MTV in the 90s.
Sorry guys...
Last Panel, Jimmy Kimmel prepares to laugh uproariously. 
Maybe he was secretly a Jedi droid who committed suicide as a way of saying "don't do it, bro!"
Chris Hardwick just seems like one of the coolest geeky people in existence. I love the Nerdist podcast specifically because of how great he gets along with literally *everyone*.
MF didn't even shave for his wedding. 
I know this droid has an actually really elaborate backstory and is (was I suppose bc it's decanonized) the only droid Jedi and blowing up at time was part of the force letting R2 get chosen instead
How hard did jimmy laugh at that one?
Does this guy have a twin brother?  He looks exactly like my AI teacher.  Like, it's fucking uncanny.
I would have filmed his wedding for free. I want to film a big geek wedding so damn bad, and Chris would have done it right
I thought it was an R2 unit, Luke says it himself!?
This story sponsored by Xfinity
Thats so awesome. Love that guy. 
https://youtu.be/3hbp41_vlX0
So has there ever been a canon explanation about R5-D4? Is it just coincidence that he broke down or did R2 sabotage him?

Or of course ya know... he's a Jedi Droid.
Sounds like an awesome wedding!
god I hate Chris Hardwick.
I have no idea who he is, but his wife is hot. 
I wonder if you could just lock those two up in a room and cause them to be stuck in an infinite loop of fake-laughing at each other's terrible jokes. 
It's been said before but, man, I cannot stand this guy. 
Wow what a nerd. He's just like regular people.
Whoa chris hardwick got married? I thought he was still rolling single after Chloe 

i dont know why i got downvoted i was honestly surprised and happy for him
I always assumed he was gay... TIL
Her face looks like "I've made a huuuge mistake"
If memory serves, we only saw that scene with the Royal Guards once and that was in an early, if not the first trailer for this movie. It's entirely possible that it didn't make it to the final cut. I'd love to see the Emperor, but I don't think we will and I don't know how I feel about about someone else doing it when McDiarmid is still around and able to do it. 
No. If he's not in it, he's not in it. I just want the film to be good.
If my memory is correct, they already said Palpatine won't be having a major role if he appears at all.

That said, I'd like to see him, but I have my doubts.
Hell I'd love a voice only appearance with Vader illuminated by the blue glow of his hologram.
I hope not. I feel like his appearance would be too much. The movie is about original characters, it's almost bad that Vader is there. His presence has the potential to blot out anyone's focus on the new characters. 
Although I'd like to see him, I'm not expecting to see him in it.  I'd be curious to see the rumored CGI Tarkin from a while back that was supposedly going to be really well done or something....but I'm not expecting to see that either.
Glad he's getting some recognition. His stuff is great. 
Guy is talented. Always enjoy his stuff.
One of our favorite artists?  Or one of your most common victims of karmawhoring?
Sad your Dad couldn't be here... 
I got you a new wrench, Matt
Matt The Radar Technician. FTFY
A buddy of mine said he saw him take his shirt off in the shower.  He said he had and 8-pack ... that he was shredded.
Happy birthday to Adam and his 8-pack!
Happy birthday MATT!
Look how old you've become!
Sorry your Dad couldn't be here this year Kylo. But you know what they say, after the rain comes the rainbow.
I wonder how many Darrh Vader themed cards he's going to get lol 
Whoa! No idea I shared a birthday with him! That's awesome.
Happy Birthday, dude. To the best character(and one of the best actors) in the saga. Have a good one.
That looks like Matt
Happy birthday Kylo!
Hey you kicked my wrench!
Do you remember that part in "Army of Darkness" when Ash was trying to recite the passage at the alter?
It's my son's birthday too, his first!
I heard he has an eight pack
Burn in hell motherfucker, your character killed my favorite character of forty years, longer than you've been alive. 

Which is to say, Happy Birthday. :(
I wonder how he feels about sand...
Ugliest man in star wars
I still don't get how he's supposed to be the son of Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher.  He has none of either's features.
Ah! The great Jar Jar Binks! He was great in that part.
Hope you grow into those ears.. cheers!
From a business perspective: deciding to keep the sequel rights/merchandising to Star Wars for himself.

From a creative perspective: deciding to turn Vader into Luke's poppa while writing Empire.
For me, it was trying something utterly new. He did that with the OT *and* the PT. The PT was far from flawless, but getting to see what the world was like before the Empire was great. It was so fleshed out and detailed.
To write Star Wars. Period. If he hadn't made that choice, nothing else would have happened. 
Not hating on Lucas, I love the dude. But selling to Disney. To my knowledge he was fiddling with a sequel trilogy but no big moves were made. 

With new people in charge we are seemingly getting awesome Star Wars movies every year for the foreseeable future, as well as a great cartoon and tons of fantastic comic books from Marvel. 

Star Wars is bigger than ever right now. 

Within the movies he was involved with, creating Star Wars as a whole. Without the guy we wouldn't have any of this stuff we all love. He's a certified genius if you ask me. 
He studied anthropology and folklore. He read Joseph Campbell and ethnographic material. George Lucas' best decision was allowing his curiosity to swerve into a multidisciplinary groove. He could build universes from the ground up because he studied culture from the ground up. 
Selling to Disney. He made a fuck ton of money and gave a huge amount of it to charity. 
Lightsabers
"I should make a new version of the Flash Gordon movies."
I feel like it's a bit of a cop-out to say his decision to make Star Wars was his best decision, but getting that out of the way...

I guess I'd say his early choices in collaborators. In my mind there's three guys that I consider to be the godfathers of Star Wars: George Lucas, Ralph McQuarrie, and John Williams. Take away one and Star Wars is fundamentally a different movie. Obviously, George is on a bit of higher tier since he's the originator of the idea, but Williams and McQuarrie help define the audio and visual tones of Star Wars. George's ability to find these guys and then inspire them to create these masterpieces is so important.

* And yes, I know there's tons of other people who had huge influences on Star Wars from Ben Burtt, Joe Johnson, John Dykstra, Norman Reynolds, Gary Kurtz, Marcia Lucas, etc. on down, but I really feel like those three are the most fundamental elements.
i wonder if the the prequel trilogy would have been different if Darth mual hadn't been killed off?But i guess it's kinda of the opposite of the OT with darth vader not being killed off.
Selling the franchise. 
>What do you think was the best decision GL made while in control of Star Wars?

Changing it so Greedo shot first. 

Han can't be a cold blooded murderer. 

EDIT: Is this an unpopular opinion? 

EDIT2: To the downvoters: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ar1QaxVxhh4
Aww, that's adorable. It's quite amazing how movies made about 35 years ago can still have such an impact on a young child. May the force be with her! 
So cute! "Lyyyyt Say-bah!"
Wait tickets went on sale? Nobody told me
"Placed too much faith in technology, you did."
Really sucks. :(

I found out by chance but have contacted Odeon as I still haven't received my email alerts. I'd advise you to contact them too. Maybe they'll put on an extra showing because it's such a bummer. The emails could have been sent at 8am yesterday when their Facebook post went up. 
Sucks to be you dude
...I'll admit, I kinda like those trans-orange blasters...
on Ali Express there is a STAR WNRS figure that has a double sided blaster staff. like a double sided light saber, but instead of saber blades its blasters.

any way, im going to buy the LEPIN STAR WNRS Executer Class Super Star Destroyer because that shit is badass and only like $110.
/r/CrappyStarWars 
This is why we have an entire folder at the LEGO store called, "That's not LEGO". Everyone makes knockoffs these days.
