yo if you dont use discord you better start today because this is the cool kids club
League of legends trees group? Let's go! Of course must be completely lit before each game
What is discord? 
Guys, help me make this discord lit, join us in the voice chat to have and online smoke sesh with us!
Oh damn. Who here plays Rust?
This is awesome! I never even considered this. I'm always smoking alone late at night, now I can sesh with you beautiful ents. Good idea!
Anyone play PC games? 
Nice. Gonna try it out later. Hopefully there's ents at different hours
Great server, everyone's friendly 
I downloaded the app, but I'm having no luck finding trees- it asks for a discord hashtag, and the open the app link doesn't open it.

I'm on an iPhone 
So i have a club made on xbox for trees and was wondering if there was any way you guys could shout that out too, my post has about 110 upvotes as of rn, just tryna get the word out "trees" is the club name
[removed]
I'm lost what's a discord server
[removed]
/r/petioles for the other mobile browsers :)
I thought we were calling it a "highaitus". Also I don't know how to spell that but I think everyone can figure out what I'm saying
Okay What the fuck, i literally started my T-Break Yesterday and was just asking my non-smoking friends what they do at night when they're bored. I come to the /r/trees subreddit for some advice and lo and behold this is stickied.
Got really excited when I saw this subreddit because I'm currently 6 days into a T-Break! Taking a small break so that I can stay focused while studying for exams. My goal is to not smoke until Friday, that way I can listen to the new Childish Gambino album ripped out of my mind 😍
Thank you for sharing our community here for the tree ents :)
I actually quit this last Sunday for a moment of time and I didn't want to resort to /r/leaves, thanks for this!
Love the sub name, hope it's nothing but good help for all. 
Awesome subreddit! This will definitely help. I don't wanna quit weed for good, so /r/leaves kinda of intimidated me, but this is perfect. 
Thank you for this!! My break unfortunately starts today
Its amazing how hard it is for some people not to smoke. I saw myself getting comfortable with just the *idea* of smoking several times a week for fun and decided at that point i needed to restrict my use big time so it doesnt get out of hand. 
I recently gave up smoking for the past year but started again recently. Had no clue somethin like this existed, but regardless I'm just happy to be smoking again :)
Why don't you rep out the shop for the rest of us Washington ents?
I'd cry the day I buy an ounce of what looks to be loud as fuck for 100 dollars
wow

the best part about living in a legal state is buying discounted top shelf bud or using a coupon lol or filling up your "loyalty" card and getting a free 1/8th :)
Well sheeeeit i wasn't expecting so much curiosity over the store location, I was originally PMing everyone that asked but it's getting to be too much ahaha, here's the [Leafly Page](https://www.leafly.com/dispensary-info/cannabis-station-c5e8) for the shop.  
WHERE IS THIS?!

GIVE ME A STORE NAME
So I live in Texas, and I mean this is the kindest way possible with no hatred whatsoever. 

Fuck you. :(

Can't wait till my state comes around, but it makes visiting other parts of America even better :). Have a good one, bud.
$100 a onion.
What a time to be alive.
what the fuck!! i always hear about people complaining about pot shops being too expensive?
RESIDENT WASHINGTON HERE, PLEASE DISCLOSE THE NAME AND LOCATION OF THIS SHOP.
For anyone wondering thats about 3 dollars a G
Holy shit! 
WHAT THE FUCK
From Washington State, can confirm these prices are what I pay nowadays.  Got a quarter of boy scout cookies for 30, brought it over to a friend way more experienced than me and he said, "this is that chronic bro.  Some good shit" he even told his mom lmao.  The future is here for marijuana my friend, blaze on!

Edited: I mainly shop at a bud and leaf and lucid, chances are one of them will have a 100 dollar ounce in stock at any given time.  If you live around the Lacey and Olympia area in Washington definitely give these a try.  [Here is the leafly page for A Bud and Leaf](https://www.leafly.com/dispensary-info/a-bud---leaf---recreational) and here is [Lucid](http://menu-lacey.livelcd.com) 

I work at at rec in WA and my cheapest shit oz is 169.  
I could get an oz of decent smoke for $25.00 an oz in the late 70s, early 80s. But my nephews have told me the stuff now being sold is a lot more potent than the barnyard shit we smoked back then. 

Doesn't matter, it was never a big part of my life. Just didn't care for the buzz. I succumbed to peer pressure. 
meanwhile sitting here in oz at just under $300 an ounce
I have something that looks similar called "purple crack", Amazing smoke! 
Wow! What a deal!! Looks nice and crystally! What's the name of the shop? I'd love to stop in next time I'm in the area!!!
Mind sharing shop's name?
Wheres the shop I want to go. I'm in Lynnwood wa.
Are you in Spokane, WA?
Ah, nvm, I saw the leafy link ☺
SHIT! That looks so fucking good. Smoke a bowl/joint/blunt for me :)
£50 for a Q here :( I hate this country. 
BelMar in Bellevue across from Chick Fil A, has a pretty good weed store. I get stuff that looks comparable to that for 100 for a half. But that 100 and oz is a screamin deal. Oh and that BelMar place has had a few hot chicks working in there. Sorry I don't remember if there's hot dudes in there too.(sorry ladies)
I don't know why everyone says this is bullshit... It's not even uncommon to find $100 ounces in dispensaries anymore for me. Haven't seen quarters that cheap but I see ounces for that price every time I go in, and it's still good quality shit.
That is a great deal but those prices won't be around for year round for at least a little longer.  That right there is a direct result from a huge outdoor yield this year.

I dig it too. I'm a processor here in WA and I'm getting some incredible deals on pretty darn decent greens.  It can't last though.  I'm putting every extra penny I have for the rest of this year into stocking up while these prices last.  That outdoor harvest was nice to me this year.
BTW, DUDE!!!  Don't just rep the shop, REP THE GROWER!   

Nobody works harder than producers in this biz and if they got fine flower for good prices you got to share the love with the guys who grew your greens!

Edit: also, strain?  Got test result pictures?  Maybe a picture of the label so people know what to look for?  Oh shit, can we not rep other people's product?  As I rule I never rep mine online but I shout out to every grower that grows good bud when I get the chance. That was a hard living when the shops first opened. Guys were going broke left and right even with great buds.
New Hampshire here, that would cost 280-300 bucks 
I pay 80-90 for a quarter😭😭😭 
Oh my fucking god imagine how cheap wax is there....
Jealous Texan here
I only pay tree fiddy 
let me get this straight you don't need a medical card to buy that?
that doesn't look like just a purple-y strain... looks like buds that were deprived of phosphorus and exposed to cold temps during flowering.. probably why its $100 a zip at retail.   looks good to those who don't grow
A hu..hu...hu..hundy? Shit I'm in CA and while grateful, we have not evolved. 
please tell us where this place is
Where!?! I live there!
I don't believe you. Everyones asking you for a name!?! Send us the Leafly or Weedmaps link? Please please prove me wrong! I live in WA too!
Dude I'm sold I'm moving out there lol
Where in WA?
Ahhh, great looking stuff. I remember a shop i used to buy from a lot would have these 105 ounce deals that would get snapped up usually the day they were posted, but they were always fiiiiire. Much like this post! Such beautiful purple buds. Enjoy!
I'm kind of glad I don't get weed that cheap. I'd be way too high all of the time.  
Dude...where and please say somewhere in south seattle 
Meanwhile these idiots in Italy are still thinking about the legalization...We're literally sitting on a money river but they're still too dumb to understand it ç_ç
Men it's so sad to live in other countries when I see what some state have. 
I was thinking about this last night. Obviously there are special considerations like any plant but at the end of the day it is a plant, and with it becoming legal and relatively simple to grow and harvest, I wouldn't be surprised if even cheaper prices eventually become the norm. Can't wait.
I dream of hundred dollar quarters...
Is that red cabbage? I looooooove red cabbage 
I can't wait until it's cheap enough where I live that I can reliably deal with my insomnia without going fucking bankrupt
OP, Where in Washington are you grabbing that from? That looks beautiful. I'm in Tacoma 
From the UK I love and hate you. 
The hater in me is convinced you meant 8ths for 26 and half o's for 100 or else im moving to Washington.
i never wanted to be an american. Now i do.
What is it
Where I'm from the closest thing to $26 worth is called a Dirty 30 (2 grams). Generally only available if you're good pals with your guy.

**BTW this looks loud as fuck**
Meanwhile my city's being shitheads about legalizing so I gotta pay $250 an O for 14% THC gobshite that looks pretty but's trash.
Strain name?

It looks like a sort of kush, assumably purple.
100/med oz out the door here in Denver - Sunnyside Herbal. 15/G concentrates
Read as my local Wal-Mart, was confused. 
Looks like Broccoli :)
Man what a deal, I'm not sure how they make money selling an ounce at 3 dollars and some change per gram.. cheapest I've found in my state is 5 bucks per gram or 140 per ounce. 
I recently moved back to FL and I quit smoking.

Not because I want to, but because the price and quality is absolute shit and I don't want to waste my money.
Probably cus the grower shocked half the crops
Need a roommate?
Green dreams...
Ugh, and to think I'm about to spend $50 on an eighth...
**Too purple, send it back.**
HHHNNNGGG
Meanwhile I'm about to spend £70 for a Q because I live in the middle of bloody nowhere. 
I live in New Jersey, ill buy ounces from you.
Damn can get 5g for that price here
looks gorgeous 
Would have thought I was looking at snow storm cause that shit is frosty!
Last time I was in CO (few months ago) I bought many, many ounces at around $120/pop.

They're around $400 here.

I like the future.
And here I am in Florida with 100/quarter. FML
wut
$160 Cad,  for a oz up here.
Is that a lot? Are you saying that pot prices are out of control? Or really cheap.
Do most shops sell such high quality at those kinds of prices or is this a bit of an anomaly?
Better then fuckin Shango down here in Oregon. 50 bucks for 3.5? Not even my old meth head dealer was dumb enough to charge that much.
How can it be so inexpensive? 
What's the TAC content of the flower?
Wish we had this in Texas :(
http://i.imgur.com/NUyttbn.gif
Fuck me...
Yeah except for Jeff Sessions. 

It will quickly become nothing but a fond memory.
For those who don't know... what makes this special? It looks like molded broccoli yet the comments make it seem like this is the best looking weed ever. 
This is cheaper than the "wifey" deal I get from my husband!  You just got undercut babe!
Looks ok but I'd avoid the moldy purple ones
Hey buddy. Fuck you
Wow Im getting Jew'd. I'm paying 25 for a quarter of average weed :/
Name the shop or I call bullshit 
Don't forget... Indica = In Da Couch

Thanks, Doug Benson.
Am I the only one whose been smoking for a long time and honestly cannot tell the difference between the two at this point?  I mean those people in the dispensary talk my ear off about indica this and sativa that, but at the end of the day I've tried their strongest indicas vs their strongest sativas and have yet to tell a discernible difference. Maybe it's just me but the only thing that makes a difference for me is how I smoke/ingest it...ie very different highs from joint vs bong vs vape pen vs edibles
Are there strains that are hybrid sativa and Indica? 
Not gonna lie, I'm hesitant to try anything that isn't Indica because I feel that Sativas will get me paranoid :-/


I'm pretty sure the THC and CBD content are mostly responsible for these effects, I think the indica versus sativa effects have been pretty much debunked.
It's all about the terpenes, guys, which can vary from plant to plant. Now they aren't thc or cbd so it's not what gets you lifted but it's what determines flavor profile, smell, color, etc. That's where you'll see the biggest difference in indica and sativa because they (obviously) look and taste different. And THEEEN you could get into the different highs you might get. Head vs. body. Active vs. relaxed. Creative vs. hungry. You get the picture
Beware: If you smoke Indica your eyes will make sure everyone knows you're stoned
How many times does this shit need to be upvoted and falsified before people stop posting it? 

The high has to  do with specific genetics, and not what type of cannabis it is. It's more common that sativa is more of an upper and indica more of a downer, but it isn't necessarily always that way.
buying in an illegal state you don't get the choice to choose between strains. it's either "the good shit" or the "better shit". can't wait to move to a legal state and actually know what the fuck i'm smoking -_-
Its always one or the other with these infographics, everythings so set in stone. I think feeling high is a mix of all these things no matter what strand you smoke. The type of skunk (THC/CBD content) just impacts how much each thing from the image impacts you.
Sativa may make you feel like you have more energy but does it actually increase the amount of energy you have? anyone got some of them lovely facts for me?
Thank you for this!
Yea the 99999 time an Infographic  like this has been posted
Nah man snacks and toilet paper are fucking important.
all too accurate.

budtender: so we've got northern lights, death star, this real nice blue dream, girl scout coo..

me: stop. bring me all the girl scout cookies you have.

bud: ...ok

me: i'm afraid you may have heard bring me say bring me an ounce, no bring me *all* the girl scout cookies you have
I have to be careful when shopping for bud nowadays. I'll walk in with the intention of buying just an ounce, and then before I know it I've spent a quarter of my paycheck on 3 ounces and a bag full of edibles that will just sit in the fridge until it's someones birthday.

 I wish I was kidding.
I'd just love to relate to this If it were legal where I live. Just change dispensary to "dealers house" then I can relate
I absolutely cannot relate living in an illegal state :(
Everytime there is a new sweet ass strain or delicious looking edible... Every single time
Duh that's why you do the first three to have those $$$ for the danks! Can relate bc I also have a rabbit as shown in the top left 
The dispensary is in a library?
I don't cheap out on my bud but I also don't use excessively. A couple one hitters through the day do me good.
Buy the good name brand stuff... it's usually worth it. Also most people won't relate to this cos you live in a bubble of marijuana friendly laws.
Only those with dispensaries can relate...
No.
Sadly.. I buy all my stuff like the bottom of the comic.

Did you know Schwans delivers ice cream to your house?
My god, yes. Wednesday is 5 pre-rolls for $30 too. w00t!
Not me.  I buy good food.  Veggies,  good meat, gotta eat right! 
I live in Texas and I feel like that when I buy a gram of 710 lol 
Best part of r/trees is that, most of the time, everyone is to stoned to notice or care about reposts. 
Pretty much lmao.A weed habit is hard to fund.
Yup, pretty much.
I fucking love the last picture😂
Where'd you stumble across this little treasure?
A quote from the website:

"Our friends at Lego asked that we remind you... 'This is not a LEGO® Product. These are re-used LEGO elements that have been repackaged or altered from their original form. LEGO is a trademark of the LEGO Group, which does not sponsor, authorize or endorse this product. The LEGO Group is not liable for any loss, injury or damage arising from the use or misuse of this product.'”
change the sub so subscribers are called "botany enthusiasts" instead lol
Botany ENT-husiast
It's great, aside from furthering the "Shaggy" stigma. Where the hell is the business man with the dab rig?!
I swear to god I read booty enthusiast. Am semi disappointed. 
[The Citizen Brick Center for Performing Arts?](http://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0245/4965/products/ClubSet2_1024x1024.jpg?v=1415545192) I didn't know my local Opera House is a strip club in disguise.
That bong is like 5 Lego dude feet tall
[Smokin!](http://i.imgur.com/HGCT6NJ.jpg)
My first thought is i would try to use the bong
TIL Lego makes mini bongs 
what the hell is goin on with them bulletpoints
"Fills emotional voids" Accurate. 
When your life is fully recognized in a Lego figure. 
Where?
His eyes match his shirt
Who else uses their lego shovels to scoop flowers/kief?
Woah woah woah, how did OP manage to fit CustomGrow and his 4 foot bong in that box?
My new Tinder profile. 
How is Lego not suing this company's balls off? Business student here so I'm actually quite curious. 

Edit: Just realized this is trees...  sorrayyyyy lmao 
I have several of these guys, the guy who makes them is super chill :)
"Botany enthusiast" is a sticker, what does it say underneath?
/r/marijuanaenthusiasts
This is great!
Thanks for the Christmas gift idea
anyone know how I could get one of these on a keychain?
lol is he not wearing a shirt? I've never been so high that i started painting colors and a pot leaf on my stomach
I'm so high on botany right now you don't even know. 
"I feel alive for the first time" each sip hits my lips like a landmine
Do any Ents think that some of those bullet points are a little misleading? Like trees are great don't get me wrong, but I don't know if it's the end all be all for dealing with your emotions. 
Is this how smokers see themselves?
Looks like Chris from total drama island 
Botany [Ent]husiast
"We grow copious amounts of ganja, yah? And you're carrying a wasted girl and a bag of fertilizer. You don't look like your average horti-fucking- culturalist! That's what I mean Willie."

Should make a Mark Watney version
DnD and Legos should team up.
Someone: what do you do for living? Me: botany enthusiast 
Definitely thought it said booty enthusiast. 
the moment when you are 38 years old and you want to buy lego again but not for your kid... nice find thanks for sharing :)
Bot! Beep beep! I'm all about top posts!

This post had 5,000 upvotes and got posted to twitter [@Reddit5000](https://twitter.com/Reddit5000) and subreddit /r/reddit5000!

The tweet: https://twitter.com/Reddit5000/status/803942944784822272

--------------------

^^All ^^7,500 ^^upvotes ^^are ^^on ^^[@Reddit7500](https://twitter.com/Reddit7500) ^^and ^^/r/reddit7500

^^And ^^most ^^importantly ^^all ^^10,000 ^^posts ^^on ^^[@Reddit10000](https://twitter.com/Reddit10000) ^^and ^^/r/reddit10000
Sweet. Now can we get the Hard Working, Professional Looking, Adult Stoner who's smart enough to keep it on the DL Lego-guy? We do exist. ;)
This is like a glitch in the matrix. There is no spoon. Only the weed. 
Chip no!!
Oh tonight? Really, I've found this picture through Google from July and April. Hmmm.
quick google search reveals that [OP is in fact full of shit](http://i.imgur.com/zjTRC3v.png)
It's Fake, OP is lying
https://www.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/5fpptu/fdc/?st=IW4ZY1EN&sh=65421fd8
>Lying on the internet to strangers

I wish I had OP's life.
Damn dude, that's pretty cool.
you really think people would do that? just go on the internet and tell lies?
[I just lighted one up in space!](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/88/Astronaut-EVA.jpg)
Story?
Holy shit man you are legend. Biggups 
Nice! Did you yell "Fuck yo' couch"?
Jesus. Gotta take at least a full G a bowl, yeah? Looks like a good time though! Uptokes!
So many dad socks
Takes a half gallon of isopropyl to clean it 
but whereeee do I buy one
that's probably the coolest fucking thing i've ever heard a bong do
Hoooooollyyyy sshiiiittt that's a beeaasssttt
God damn
oooooh i need dis 
That guy has in the background has a NC state hat on. Please tell me this is in Raleigh lol
So how do you hit this ?

Do you stand up and pick it up ? Or like sit on a chair and lean over ?

I'm ~5' tall. Would I even be able to hit this ? xD
Thanks for spreading the word, you're doing the community a humongous favor. Thanks man! Will try and contact my state gov. 
For convenience, here's a list of the state senators and their contact info:

http://www.senate.gov/senators/contact/

**I strongly encourage everyone to call, as an email is unlikely to be read!!**


Whether MJ is illegal or not i will smoke it anyway, always have always will no worries. 
If Trump really meant what he said about letting the states decide then I think the people he picks for his cabinet understand that and won't fight it. Wishful thinking I guess.
Seems to be assembling the ultimate anti pot team.

Just as many were warning.

But yeah let's wait and see until it's too late and then what?? 

He will get a 2nd term the same way bush did.

Legal pot is doomed
I would gladly speak to a senator but I am from Finland. Not much to do here about it, but I am doing the best I can. Its nice to see though that in the last 5 years weed has been spreading fast, and many people even outside the capitol are smoking. And in increasing numbers.
I'm not trying to be the downer here but when has contacting your congressman or senator done anything?  

If we really want to do something and keep smoking trees we're going to have to ally ourselves with our lgbt brothers and sisters, the muslims in our community, the Mexican families we know, the people who are trapped inside the ghetto and whoever else will suffer from the coming oppressive regime.  Together we must resist the iron fist that would criminalize us and lock us in a cage for being in possession of a plant. 

/getsoffsoapbox
"Let's make America Great Again for anyone who doesn't actually live in America for the next 4 years..." Fuck off Donald 🖕🏼
Once again the American people are blinded by the liberal media. Guys when will we finally realize legalization is not the number 1 most important problem facing the world? The president helps follow through with making the laws...not the cabinet.
Duck Fonald Drumpf.
Lmao cmon dude. Don't pander
He has said multiple times.. State Choice.

These appointees are direct reports to the Presidents' will, they are to do what he directs. Trump has said, STATE CHOICE.

Quit fear mongering like Hill Shills - this sub is better than that.
https://i.imgur.com/ewx6snJ.png

[I think I'm pretty high]
I cannot keep a steady hand, it seems. Enjoy: http://imgur.com/ODGwNji.jpg
I'm a little high, went for the action pose: http://imgur.com/7vPDJ02
Me.. Dankrupt..

[image](http://i.imgur.com/jCUyszZ.png)
http://imgur.com/CBa6XYQ
http://i.imgur.com/xtFaqHQ.png
[Me](http://i.imgur.com/3l2v1J2.jpg) is it cheating to use a stylus?
http://imgur.com/HhElSq8

edit: resized
http://imgur.com/a/t8ngi
[somewhat high and fuzzy](http://imgur.com/a/rQ7Ie)
http://i.imgur.com/nJL3uCr.png
http://imgur.com/a/hN7nT This is the best I could do on paint lol.
[felt like it took a good hour :D](http://imgur.com/a/gvydI)
[http://i.imgur.com/pRB4mMu.jpg](http://i.imgur.com/pRB4mMu.jpg)
I'm waiting for that one super talented person to drop a bomb of picture.
http://imgur.com/a/GrIfo

edit: (3) 
I spent more time than I would like to admit on this: http://imgur.com/aNGUNBI
http://imgur.com/a/T5Ka9
I really couldn't stop giggling the entire time I was doing this.   http://imgur.com/3LClZrc
Thanks for keeping me at work a half hour past miller time: http://imgur.com/4Pba24C
http://imgur.com/hfeOJVK
https://imgur.com/a/CpA8D


solid [7]




I kid, I'm at work. Drew it on my phone. I can pretend though...


(I'd rather be at home)
OP, do you your underwear have pocket?
http://imgur.com/QZqV69f I made a self portrait on snap chat last night! My phone has a little stylus so it's easier to draw stuff
[Solid 9](https://imgur.com/gallery/nNH4x) 
http://imgur.com/r62Kbx2 
[the gang so far](http://i.imgur.com/uF82MA5.png)

I love you all
http://i.imgur.com/aQc0m28.png  
Tried my best.
That shits fucking awesome 
http://imgur.com/a/XwuCb


View of me surfing reddit
http://i.imgur.com/UBC4h4P.png
http://imgur.com/a/bmmHW

http://i.imgur.com/32FYbIZ.png many ctrl-zs were had
Here is my attempt!
I'm pretty high...
The black holes in my face are stretched piercings to clarify.
http://imgur.com/gallery/M3pAs
These are wonderful. 
http://imgur.com/Ts3sCq9

Yay art.
https://imgflip.com/i/1f1k2y
[this is literally me all day long](http://imgur.com/iWw9VCo), thank you for giving me a reason to do this.
http://i.imgur.com/XS8wOrQ.png
Stylus on Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 using SketchbookX.  High CBD low THC. http://imgur.com/30XWwp2
This is a self-portrait of me and my cat, Spaz, witnessing a unidentified flying pineapple flying through-out the cosmos while we were stargazing at a [6.6 repeating] : http://imgur.com/a/b6IBC
[I took way too long on this.](http://imgur.com/DDJD2WN)
You look exactly like a guy who ripped me off. 
How can I do this on Mac?
At work but must contribute later. Loving these so far haha
I expected to see at least 1 penis. 
I think this should be a thing in trees in general. Awesome portrait!
Can there be a dating site that only allows for drawn or painted self portraits instead of pictures? Aside from the huge risk of being catfished, I rather like seeing how people interpret themselves. 
i got lazy towards the end so i turned it into me becoming the smoke
http://imgur.com/a/eLqD4 
http://imgur.com/a/cGqgG    -- me smoking from my giant MFLB


Disclaimer: I may or may not have drawn these at different times
http://imgur.com/a/Flozt
Title: Tuesday
Medium: Mac Paintbrush and Sticky Trackpad
Artist: Darynlaine
http://i.imgur.com/EAj6NWu.png

I'm kinda hungry
My girlfriend and I drew eachother :p [Jamaica2016](http://i.imgur.com/t6KXyY6.jpg)
http://i.imgur.com/tFqZI4g.jpg I tried
http://i.imgur.com/L7MB1k8.png
mass weapon of peace

http://imgur.com/a/5VjHF


6.3 is so specific hahaha
I can't get high until I'm done writing my genetics lab report but can I just say that this thread is the cutest? I love it all these portraits are great, you guys are great.
Imma have to go home and have some marijuana's to properly enjoy this post and these comments. 
[deleted]
Here's me. http://i.imgur.com/jyfqY0O.jpg
I'm sober for a few weeks and artistically challenged :)

http://imgur.com/a/9nbOy
Unexpectedly got my black friday order delivered today, contains pretty colors

https://imgur.com/a/b2J4Z

Edit: It's an eyeshadow palette yeee
Late to the party, but I gave it a shot: https://imgur.com/gallery/WJrWx
Was going to go all out, but way too stoned. Here is me http://imgur.com/ZZTclyl
i did it.
http://i.imgur.com/n6XsZAi.png
You guys are awesome
Nigel Thornberry, is that you? 
[Super dank](http://i.imgur.com/acnVTyP.jpg) 

Btw I did like 20 of these for all my friends. All dank. Will post if interested 
This needs it's own sub.
Looks like it would be super sick on the back of a sweatshirt or something!
Should post this is r/shittymspaint :)
It's that one cop from "the good guys"
Are you Matt Walsh? 
I love this subreddit.
Omg, how embarrassing! I'm wearing the same outfit today.
Oh man this reminds me of [early David Firth videos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p42Nf_M_Rso), its beautiful 10/10, masterpiece
This is my favorite thread
Oh my god that portrait looks exactly like someone I knew a while back. If you're name is Zack/Zach then holy shit. 
[6]  http://imgur.com/FFIwPp5
Im baked... SketchUp portrait=lol     http://imgur.com/a/DUguH
It has the feeling of an old school Maddox drawing
[Those blood-shot eyes]( http://imgur.com/g8XPjPP)
http://i.imgur.com/EUyvTDv.jpg I'm pretty hi
I spent way too long on this. http://imgur.com/a/Sp0sQ [9.5]
[http://imgur.com/a/pBcP6](http://imgur.com/a/pBcP6)
This thread is too awesome
Funny that you say that op, I just happened to do just that about a year ago.  http://imgur.com/a/ui0Qs
Don't burn your nipple man
Thought this was Nigel Thornberry
Not as bad as I was expecting: http://imgur.com/gallery/WIC1y
I'm high and feeling creative. Sorry for breaking the rules. https://www.tumblr.com/blog/leafsandsuch
I love how theres a bowl packed in all of em
A lovable stoner and his little guys and gals... The good old American dream. *sheds tear*

Happy holidays OP http://imgur.com/lnghqbz
I've smoked out of quite a few bongs in my life, I've never seen one that seems to require a two person crew to operate
There's no way I could handle a 3' bong.   That's more than half my height.   


Also...  That's some seriously thick hair.   I'm almost jealous.   But I'd probably hate brushing it. 
Man that sweater is baller
I bet you're what people think of when they hear the word "hippie"
How often do ppl bring up blakes hair from workaholics

This is exactly how I picture most /r/trees users look like 
I would love to go out with you and your lion-y hair 
I dig everything about this picture. Love your style too homie. Keep tokin' frient!
Is that a Weed wizard and his staff? (5)
I love that goddamn sweater. Looks like something Dorothy Zbornak would wear. 
You look like how I think you would smell.
I want this on a Christmas card 
I would genuinely love to load a bowl for you, and enjoy these fine works of art. Your collection is quite beautiful, my friend. 
Nice glass Blake 
That soft glass piece is legit as fuck (never seen a three foot one out of soft glass, that's dope as hell) but what the hell is that ashcatcher? Five chambers? That shit's crazy.

Dig the fab egg too, clean her up and rip some fat dabs through it! I bet you'd enjoy /r/chinaglass, it's one of my favorite subs.
Cool Special K piece. I've been trying to get a hold of that guy for months
Since time passes more slowly in space and towards black holes, does that mean if we sent someone out in a space shuttle to live by a black hole for like ten years, that when they came back hundreds of years had passed on earth although they had only aged ten earth years? Have we already discovered time travel? [7]
you look like the stoner guy from pulp fiction
Cosby sweater and all. Keep playin, playa.
That big one a Special K bong?
That tallest one, sir, is ridiculous.
Hey! I used to date that dude
UM SO I LIKE THAT
[tight!](http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/weed-is-tight.gif)
Where did you get the green bong in the front?
Aww getting so big!
We should have a post every once in a while where everyone posts their glass collection. That would be sick. 
Can we get an up close pic of some of your pieces? I'd especially like to see that long pipe you got up in the front!
You remind me of Joe (I forget which season but he was in 2 seasons. dude who kept winning challenges) from Survivor
OP, you should set them up like a menorah for Hanukkah.
You look like the kinda guy that can grow a badass beard
You're a dope looking dude and I love how every bowl is packed
Move to Eugene Oregon 
You're my favorite character on Workaholics.
That isn't a bong, that's a wizard's staff.
So, whats with the lil raygun lookin thing down in front? 

I swear, it almost looks like a nectar collecter...
Your hair. You look like the kinda guy I'd get high with and just pounce. 

Sorry, you were just objectified.
.
Any tips on maintaining a healthy mane like yours?
derppp
Looks like Jon Risinger
i would break that bong in like a day.
Do you name your pipes, and if so, what are they?
That is a sick piece my man, I'd love to take a hit from that
Dude you'd totally pass for Hagrid in Harry Pothead and the sorcerer's stoned. 
Blake?
[removed]
Jim James?
something about this photo makes me smell armpits, cig smoke, and cheese doodles
You wanna die? haha
I get home at 3-4 am routinely. Yay night ents
Happy toking night ent. Usually work from 2pm-2:30am. Helps me knockout lol
I work 11PM to 7 am usually, my after work smoke is in the mornings haha!
I love strain central 
Hey everyone my name would be josh and todayyyyyyyyyyyy
Whatcha watchin' there?
Josh????
the cleanliness of the bong and ash catcher make me want to hug sand [7]
I roll up and drive with bud in the family car but I don't burn. I can barely get away with keeping bud in my bedroom :p
I think someone puked or farted in that car. 
It's gorgeous! Well done.
Duuuude you should post this to r/artofrolling they would love the fuck out of this 
r/artofrolling would love this!
I did this once, could smell the change whenever it hit the dust, smell sooo guuuuud
Jeez, smoking throug the Kief sections must have been tough. Like the red eye zones. Looks great though. 
All those satisfying in hales good shit dude 👌🏼 
That is fucking beautiful. 
Looks very tasty.
Gonna try it this way today!
Yesterday i made a J with bud, hash and kief. Was sleeping like a baby
Nice j👌🏻
Just fucking enough. I'll meet up with you in about an hour.
Yes
Pretty sweet :)
Wacky shoes
I'm in the "Pipe Nebula" somewhere in there.
I remember I did an edible after a 7 month tolerance break and went outside to get something from my car and I felt like this.
2 shoes + one hand + blunt x floating^space = very
I swear I was in that exact spot after I ate a pot cookie the other day. Pure bliss. :')
Not high enough, the blunt is still the same colour. Better smoke some more!
6 outtta ten.
you still got more to go homie
Twist: There is no filter on this image.
I like it👌🏻
r/totallyrealsmokespots
r/artofrolling would love this <333
Dooopeeeee 👍🏼
All I can see from that thumbnail is a squashed spider with only 5 legs left. [6]
I love this man 
Now you gotta write some neo-psychedelia songs and release an album. You gotta.
Nice
Ay 
Nice
👽
ents over at /r/artofrolling would love this.
Can you do a vid I'm being really dumb 
Are you folding the paper and resting the crutch on it? Or are you sliding the paper into the crutch itself?
I've always done a variation of this by sliding the paper into the crutch before I've placed any bud on the paper. It forms a nice cone which I can then fill and it creates an awesome j, but I've always been embarrassed about it since I can't roll a "proper" joint. 

This technique might just solve my dilemma! 
Hahah, I thought that was just a huge nug with the stem on it still. Wrap it in paper and call it good. Guide turned out way better than I thought at first
Shit I roll this way, had no idea it wasn't the norm. Tight ass j's every time ✌️️
Anyone care to post a video of this being done? Pictures don't do justice when talking about motions... 
i have fucking tried this countless times to no avail, you bastard
exactly what I do
Definitely trying this soon!! 
No problem if it doesn't, but does anyone know if this would work with a reverse roll?
There's nothing more satisfying than a straight and consistent roll like this
I've recently been looking for a method to roll, because I'm terrible at tucking the paper. Saw this post and almost cried, thanks mate!! Great tip :)
should be titled "how to roll a cone"

learning how to tuck is especially useful if you're using less than a solid amount since cones are better suited for holding more bud (technically just less suited for holding less bud, but same difference), or if you ever plan on impressing your friends by rolling a blunt. Master both 
Do you think this will work with blunt wraps
This is exactly how I taught myself to roll! Love it when my friends bask on the glory of my quickly rolled, seemingly perfect joints.
I couldn't really see what you were doing or understand your instructions.  I'll just keep using my lil rolling machine. 
My dude that's way to thin at The bottom not cool dude 
B..b..but youre still tucking it, just into an even smaller spot
How to roll without tucking the paper...

...tuck the paper.

lol
and in step 4 u totally TUCK the paper behind the tip.....but your title says 'how to roll WITHOUT learning to TUCK the paper'......someone has to call b.s. so I did. sorry O.P.
Right now, conservatives in MA and ME want to challenge implementation of the new laws. 

Legislators in Massachusetts want to delay the date by which it would be legal to smoke and grow, and they also want to load more taxes onto the taxes set by the initiative.  Basically, they want to kill the system before it starts, so they are going to try to cripple it and load it up with endless delays.  If they can go 2 years after ratification without allowing recreational stores to open, they might be able to force a legislative vote and declare the new law null and void, will of the people be damned.

In Maine, the governor wants to try to block the new law, and says he will wait until he can discuss the subject with the new president before he is willing to sign the law.

So the fight continues.  Ents in MA and ME need to keep the pressure up.

Activate.  There's no legalization without legalization activists.

http://norml.org/

https://www.mpp.org/


Because we're trying to figure out the polls of what gets the most up votes 
Dude this isn't a political subreddit.
Attention spans and kids 
Because how will people know that i smoke weed if i don't post pics and memes about me smoking weed.
Because it really doesent matter what you have to say or what actions you are going to take, the incoming regime is going to do what theyre going to do. You act as if pot smoking people with liberal biases are people trump and co are interested in hearing from.

Any progress made in the last several years is about to be rolled back, you can thank any trump voters you know for it too. Assuming they arent dead from voting themselves out of medicare.
Because..... reddit!
Because people like weed?
Because people are duuuuuuuuuuumb
Normally, I'll just tilt my head to the left or right to mix everything together. 

Honestly though, I've had times when I've been haf (like last night), sitting outside, watching the stars, strolling through the great expanses of time and space, then go inside and write code for an hour or so. 

These states are not mutually exclusive.
Left is Adderall and right is LSD
Or the traditional view of how half of your brain is the technical part while the other is creative. 
The left side looks a lot cooler so I hope that's the high one. 
And both are what happens when you take LSD :D
For me, left is high and the right is normal.
Or indica Vs Sativa? 
Any chance I can get this in high res? This would be an awesome lock screen wallpaper!
This is honestly how I feel 
Dude this is my fucking google profile picture!!! Lol
Love it 
swirling bleep bloop 
That's just how the left and right brain work all the time
So now I feel sober on one side and high on the other and I'm tipping over and shit. This is intense and like confusing I think? Idk [7]
Okay this has got me curios because [7]. So if someone were to have a "split brain surgery" (i don't know why i put quotes. maybe because i'm not sure if that's correct terminology) and if said person were to cover up their left eye and only view with their right eye, does this mean on the technical part of the brain on the left would be in play? Vice versa if said person covers up their right eye, then the creative side on the right would be in play? 

I think i watched a video in psychology in high school about a split brain operation and the dude was able to draw a square and a circle *simultaneously* with both hands. 

This picture made me think of all sorts of things. I am sorry and i don't know where i'm going with this so.. fin

I found the [video!](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=zx53Zj7EKQE)

Edit: inserted link for those interested in watching this dude draw squares and circles and be mindfucked like i was. Also, this comment may get buried, but let it be known that i only do it for the people that see it
....maybe on cid, sure. Or if you're a new smoker....
I feel exactly the opposite. If I'm on drugs, I'm functional. If I'm sober, I'm just lost. 
That is a crap ton for $40
Ho-lee-shit.    I gave my friend $40 and she gave me 2.5 grams.   :/  


Holy shit, 40 bucks would get me 4 grams...
Holy shit dude, where are you?? Give ya girl the hookup
Jesus there you go. Doesn't look to bad either. I'm guessing about a half o? 
That's how you know you're getting screwed from your plug. $40 wouldn't even give me half of that
Last time I spent $45 on weed I only got 3 grams :(.
yeah... I got that same amount but it was $120...
..... that's a good deal. Fuck you living at?
wish I could get that much for $40 :/
Looks like some.stress, good deal tho
did your guy rob a coffeeshop ?




That's a decent amount for 40 bucks. At least around here. 
It kinda looks like ass though.
What's it called?
I need your plug, nice pick up bro
Gotta love the west coast!
Sigh. I can't any at all
holy macaroni
$40 gets me an 1/8
Yeah dude i definitely think hes got you. 
40$ in washington can get me 5 grams
can i borrow your guy
That may not literally be "my guy", but I think everyone here can agree that whoever that dude is... that's our guy.
Bro, How many fingers do you have?
Ah, we all want *that* dealer. The one who really cares about his customers.
So does "with confidence" mean he fronts it, or gives it to you.

Like I got a bookie that "got me", but that just means he'll let me bet more than he knows I have.  Doesn't mean he won't come after me if I don't pay.
But is it fire tho? Quality over quantity IMO 
That's awesome, is he the grower?
Plus it's legal here 
holy fucking shit, that's a shit ton for $40!!!! Ugggghhh I wish I could get that!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynrdkkUxp3E
$40 gets you an eighth here :( 
My brokeass is beyond jelly
Damnnnnn.  I feel like I get hookups- but nothing like that!
Holy shit.  That's what I pay for an eighth.
My best friend got 5 ounces for $100 once..

It was the most weed we'd ever seen- not the dankest bud but I live in BC, so that's relative. Lasted for so many months. We could roll fat joints and not even worry about it, it was great because usually if we did we'd get way too high, but luckily the weed wasn't crazy dank :)
Sorry about your fingers bro...
Dang and i just got like 24gs for $180

5$ a gram all the way up for me haha
I live in Eugene Or and it's usually $5-$10 a gram from a dealer or $10-$25 from a dispensary.
I can't get that much of the same strain, I build up a strong tolerance if I have the same strain all the time and then once you try something else it's like whoa.
Weight and price?
Got a crazy deal from a friend for an oz and I stretched it to 2 months. Smoked my last bit this morning and wont be able to afford more for months. So now I will just be jealous of all you assholes.
http://imgur.com/a/7bfjZ some pictures of the nugs
Is this banana kush? Beautiful! 
😍😍😍
*some* weed
how much?
Hey it's me, your uncle!
Wiz what's up mayne
They make baggies that small? What in the hell
MegaMicro Kush, right?
Enhance!
How do we know OP isn't just a giant?
Looks like an average score here in UK
r/thingsforants
It's the same in Eastern Europe!! But with "that special weed from the Netherlands".
Meanwhile in California, it's basically free/on a barter system unless it's being shipped outta here. 
10-4 dispatch we are responding to shots fired at the science center 
I think Neil is just so done with physical science that he's transitioning into psychonautics... The science community frowned with the lovable face of Bill Nye, and it was hilarious.
Neil actually looks high
Bill Nye is a savage. I wonder what 10 year old me would have thought about this 
The massive egos in that room lol
Neil smokes occasionally! 
If you're sitting next to Neil deGrasse Tyson, you better be leaning to the other side.
Lol'd. Love these guys.
This is why I stopped being interested with what Tyson says.  There's a certain pseudo-intellectual highmindedness to much of what the guy says.  Undoubtedly he's a smart dude and I agree with many of his positions, but he's a verbal try-hard of the first degree.
Tyson belongs on r/iamverysmart. Like, he is very smart...but he tries way too hard. 
Bill Nye is freaking hilarious. Tyson is so inarticulate in this clip. Unrelated but imo Tyson is just a wannabe Carl Sagan who will never be able to fill his shoes. 

> To that I gotta say, 'oh wow.'

> *massive laughter*

> Am I like thinking? Or am I just thinking that I'm thinking? 

> oh wow

> *hits invisible blunt*
Biden and Obama. Neil and Nye. Both are amazing combos and both are meme material galore.
Is it just me or does Tyson seem pissed off? He really seems to take himself way too seriously.
Wasn't expecting to see my school's logo plastered in the background
I kind of relate to Tyson.

Everyone's complex, everyone has issues. He's just full of himself. I'm kind of shitty and narcissistic myself. All of that attention has gone to his head, he's been repeatedly recognized for being highly intelligent and he's too cocky now.

Fuck life man, we all have issues.

We're all just waiting until we die. Initiating that death yourself doesn't sound too bad...
>What is the nature of consciousness? 

We've left the physics lecture behind and gone on to the metaphysics lecture.
Does anyone have the full source on this? The video looks interesting. 
Source?
Bill Nye with that ontological reference at the end 😎
Fuckin Neil. I used to be all about his infectious passion on science and what not...but ever since I found out he's a huge diva I've noticed he's way more pretentious and high-faulting than he needs to be 75% of the time.
God I hate Bill Nye...
I usually only smoke after my kids are in bed.   I'd like to smoke during the day because it helps my chronic pain much better than narcotics, but I'm in an illegal state and I don't feel comfortable doing that.  Maybe when my kids are older.  
I smoke when my lil guys in bed. I keep all my paraphanalia in my closet as well. 

As long as your kids are coming first, you're fine. You are so right though. I feel so much less stress when I smoke consistently.

I'm in an illegal state, but it helps my bipolar disorder sooo soo much & I don't have to wreck my liver. 

I struggle with this stuff too. I make sure my son is ok before anything else. & I want to be feeling good & healthy to be able to live well together. He always comes first.

Wife wasn't a fan of the smoking until she saw results. No more side-effects from the anti-psych meds. Still have some in reserve & an action plan if I do have an episode. I love my family too much to not have the foresight & strength to admit that I could still have an episode. It's been years. I'm optimistic about it, but allow for the possibility of things not always going according to plan.

You sound like a responsible adult. Don't feel guilty! It's a great thing you're doing for your health & for your family's happiness.  toke on, my friend, & fellow parENT
You're a great person, I just wanted you to know that. I like the point that you raise about moms who drink wine and its acceptable, but weed isn't - if weed was acceptable these women (and stay at home dads) would definitely have a much better time doing what they do (not that I advocate being high af around your kids but I don't judge, its your decision).
As a child, I want to say thank you for having an open mind and seeing that cannabis is a viable medicine. Unfortunately, alcohol and pills destroyed my family (including my own partaking.) I can understand if my opinion may not seem much as I am a child and not a parent, but I hope you think of this opinion as well. I truly think it is blessing that some parents see cannabis as a medicine/recreational drug. Growing up and seeing my parents easily enjoy alcohol to becoming alcoholics was not the best thing. Nor was my choice to becoming a pill addict to drown the problems. I've been sober for almost 5.5 half years and cleaned myself up to say the very least.

Bottom line, I think we all have secrets that are genuinely in the interest of the better. And that's nothing to be ashamed of. 

Sorry for the essay. This post somewhat hit me in the feels.
As a father that smokes coming from a illegal state, this post hits me in the feels. Thank you for opening up. I feel the exact same way you do. I sometimes question if I do need to smoke. If I don't though, I don't feel like myself. I used to battle with depression and anxiety. My fiancée helped me with my depression, but I do get very anxious at times and taking a toke helps me not worry so much. I too, feel like it can be an energy boost and help me bond with my daughter as she is standing up on her own and learning to be more mobile. She is just so happy all the time, I want her to feel the positive vibes from me too. My fiancée and I do partake when our little girl is put to bed at night. I don't get blazed out of my mind when I am around/responsible for my little girl. If she is staying the night with the grandparents, yes, I do try to get blazed AF. If my family found out, they would disown me. Alcohol and prescription drugs can destroy families and lives. Many of my family members are on so many meds, it really makes me wonder if they wouldn't be better off if they smoked a bit. But, it is illegal and therefore, not going to fly with them.

As a fellow parent, I would say, you are doing right by taking care of yourself and putting your kid first and foremost. Don't get down that you smoke, because times have changed. It is not the devil's lettuce or wacky tobacky previous generations claim it to be.
I love this post. How does it not have a bunch of likes? Good for you and keep up the great work! I understand completely, as my patience increases tenfold and I'm able to run around and be more playful and on the same level as my young one when I've recently toked. Rules and laws are put into effect because of the dumb people who ruin it for everyone. Sure, parents like you and I know how to use it and store it and take care of it properly but there are those who would fall asleep and neglect their children and choose to not make it an active high and be lazy instead and they're the ones who put a bad name to it. But to say it can't help you overcome mental obstacles in the way of being the better than best parent you can be is to say we live in a perfect world and it is flat out wrong. Keep up the great parenting! 
Your post reminded me of the recent stand up I watched on Netflix of Joe Rogan, I think it's called Triggered. I recommend watching sometime you're baked and kid free haha
My job is crazy stressful, my marriage was rocky when my son was first born, and extended family drama is insane. Being in an illegal state, and having crazy anxiety about talking to people, I end up with some dry spells. The difference between when I'm able to smoke and when I'm not have convinced me that it's way more beneficial than harmful. 

Like you said, as long as the kid comes first, and you're handling your responsibilities being an amazing parent and a stoner are not mutually exclusive. 
More power to you. Be a great parent, that's what actually matters
My mom smoked during my childhood and it was never a big deal. She was a wonderful mom! She would do it with friends (who also had kids) and it was always fine. They never neglected us in any way. She stopped when I was about 8 (got remarried) and I could see the change in her personality. It used to help her so much with her anxiety. 
I started smoking in my late 20s and am planing on becoming a mother. I will be careful with my stuff, but I will keep it up.  
I love playing with my nephews after a bowl (well in this case a vape pen for discression)

They are 7, 9, 12, and 15 years old so they can be quite a handful, but I can really act like a kid around them, especially after a little herb. My brother and his wife love how well I get along with the kids, as most people get worn out really quickly.
Smoking at home is always a fine line. I agree with first commenter. I burn with the wife at home when the little ones are down do the night and settled into the evening. It's stressful to do it any other way for us. We wanna chill with each other while  it's difficult to do that if you get stoned while the kids are up. 
Your a wonderful mum, being happy yourself is just as important as your little ones happiness. 
Its illegal in every state and territory over here in Australia. I get really stressed and worried about perceptions/ramifications if someone found out Im a stoner mum. Its hard for me to feel comfortable around others who don't smoke and don't know I smoke, maybe I don't need judgey ladies in my life haha. 
All in all, your happy and healthy, your kids happy and healthy, your golden! Never ever feel bad about yourself or doubt yourself. 
You're doing it right. Luckily for me I live in a legal state. I will never smoke openly around my kid. But I will raise him with the knowledge that weed is better than alcohol and all the negative stigmas are false. Its our job to educate our kids on stuff like this, not the school or anybody else. 
My mom drank through my whole childhood and was a horrible mom when drunk. High? She's responsible, relaxed, patient, and happy. I'm 21 now and I smoke with my mom on occasion.

I don't care if someone is slightly stoned with kids, as long as it's not all the time and nothing important is going on. You know your baby, you know how to take care of them, and you have a second parent around. 

Mommy culture can be so oppressive, making any mom feel like she's not focused enough on her precious little angel. You are still a person! You still get to be relaxed and free of pain! Your baby will be totally fine.
While I live in an illegal state, I was raised by parents who grew weed. I actually didn't smoke weed and almost never drank for about 10 years (my 20s), but I really struggled with depression and I was drinking a bit more in my 30s, like.. day drinking and once I found concentrates it really became a different situation. I'm off all antidepressants. I don't drink. I'm functional and I got a day job. I'm a better parent. Having the ability to find what works for you is a key part of being a functional pot head parent. I don't smoke couch lock downer pot, I get a nice sativa and then I clean the kids bathrooms. Listen to them. Relax and not stress out. I do need to come to a decision about how honest I want to be with my kids. I do feel that thc improves my well being and I believe in legalization strongly. I found out my parents smoked pot when I was about 10 years old. My sister, who is one year older, was upset with my parents and she told me that they do drugs. It sort of made a lot of things fall into place (like I said, my parents grew pot, not just were casual smokers. They had a very diverse set of "friends") but I never felt differently about them, I never told on them. Cut to when I was 14, my sister got mad and turned them in for drugs. My only advice is watch what you share with your older kids and sometimes you don't have to tell all of them. My sister has no idea they still grow, that my parents give me weed for my birthday and I buy them stuff like gas mask bongs and gave them their first dabs. 
As a person who has a successful career what I did is first demonstrate to people that hey I'm not a shit bag, I work hard, I earn a living, and I take care of myself and family. I then hint that I smoke weed about taking positively of it. Then I drop the news. 
SAHD here. I smoke when the kids are at school or are in bed. Don't sweat it there really is way less of a stigma to it than say even ten years ago.
R/treeparents 
I always said I wouldn't smoke when I had a lot cause I didn't want to be in a situation where I couldn't help them to the best of my abilities in a moment that needed it.

But oh man, I hadn't thought about how much easier it would be to feel like a kid again with my kid. That seems like a crazy cool experience rule they're really young.
No kids. But I to have a stoner closet. Keeps everything neat and tidy and in one spot. 
look, mj is bad for kids with developing brains and all that, but its the extreme stigma against those that smoke that is the real source of a lot of the problems surrounding proper education of drug use. Caffeine is a drug. Nicotine is a drug. Both are arguably more addictive and more prone to form dependency. But its legal so its fine? please! If you are really against "feeling like a liar," dont you think someday it would be worth it to have an honest discussion with your child about the benefits and drawbacks of certain drugs, instead of relying on archaic education systems in a state that still has MJ as illegal? "Just say No" is stupid. Pretending like weed doesnt have benefits is lying, as well. Having an open and honest relationship with your child when they are old enough to understand is much more likely to yield the outcome that you are seeking.

Not trying to call you out and I truly applaud you for keeping it away from your children, but you have to find a way to not judge moms who happen to live in states who have legislators dumber than rocks on the subject of marijuana. It is not their fault as not everyone has the means to just get up and move for the sake of smoking weed semi-legally.

like, how is destroying your liver and getting drunk as shit at home acceptable, while smoking mj isnt? "shits funny" haha yeah, but really, drinking problems destroy lives way quicker and way more often than smoking weed. That is where your stigma should be placed, if anywhere. Obviously your child is too young for the concept now, but I think this is a perfect subject to someday help illustrate that while we should all follow the law, sometimes laws are unjust and based on bad science. 
slavery was legal once, that doesnt make it okay. women legally couldnt vote, that doesnt mean it was right. weed is illegal right now, that doesnt mean everyone that smokes is a criminal with intent to harm society.
>it make it easier to act like a kid with my kid!

I so feel that and think its awesome that you're using weed as a tool to connect with your kid better. My mom was definitely not the type to smoke or do anything like that and she was extremely "grown up," always concerned with work and seeing play as sort of a waste of time.

What I'm trying to say is don't let other people make you feel guilty about yourself at all! The judgey people don't really get good parenting IMO.
We used to live in Georgia and my dad used to go on golf outings with our neighbors. He said some of them smoked and wouldn't tell me who. Well he finally told me. Like everyone on my whole street smoked on those outings! I promise you a lot of people you know probably smoke but are doing the same thing you are.
You are a great parent.

Every state was an illegal state not too long ago, and I was a child with a single dad in an illegal-at-the-time-state who quit smoking cigarettes when I was born by smoking joints instead. 

He never hid his marijuana use from me, and as pre-teen and for most of my teens, I was NOT interested in getting high. Being the only son of a single dad, I went to parties with him, and was often the only kid there. I experienced adults  being interesting to talk to and respecting the fact that I was a kid before they had few hits to becoming morons who couldn't carry on a conversation. 

There was no mystery. It made adults dumb. Alcohol was even worse, it tasted bad, and made adults either dumb at best, violent assholes at worst.

I stayed sober until I was 18, I made friends with kids who felt similarly, and it wasn't until I figured out that some of the girls outside my regular social circle I had crushes on were into weed/alcohol that I tried it out. I never pinched my dads stash, but I did eventually start smoking with him. 

TL;DR: You're a great parent. Don't worry too much about it.
Well the key is that you care about the well being of your child. That is the key to being a great parent. Your marijuana usage does not dictate what type of parent you are. The relationship that you build with your child and the environment that you construct for your child dictate what type of parent you will be. In short if you can be an attentive parent who fosters a good environment for your child to develop than your marijuana usage is irrelevant.
Keep your head up! ✌️
I am in the same boat as you. I know everyone would think I was a terrible mother if they knew I smoke.  My husband and I both smoke and have 3 kids. 

The children are my heart. I love them more than I can describe but sometimes mom just needs a break. I don't drink so this is my way to relax. 

The kids are never ignored or neglected. Neither my husband or I smoke or drive. We only smoke at night after they have gone to bed  during the week. Weekends we smoke a little more. On the rare occasion when every kids is gone for the night it is heaven!! The kids have no idea that we do smoke either. Everything is kept in a locked safe that only hubby and I know the combo. We febreeze before we go in and make sure to chew some gum in case one of them is awake. 

We smoke out in the garage and can hear if any of them call for us. If we do need to drive our daughter is 16 now and is always happy to drive any time she can. 

There are plenty of moms out there that will neglect their kids in favor of drugs but it sounds like you are being responsible and safe so I say enjoy and don't feel bad. Mom's need a little something to make them feel good after a day of dealing with everything we do. 
One of my favorite smoking activities is to smoke and then play with my son.  When he was a newborn I smoked to deal with the extra stress so I wouldn't ever take it out on him. Smoking helps me be a better parent, so I have no shame in doing it.
Good on ya. Coming from an anti-drug mom with terrible anxiety who was always stressed, there's not much she did for me that she couldn't have done high. Anxiety can be crippling to empathy, so getting rid of it to hang out with your child sounds wonderful to me 
You are not alone.  Do your absolute best, and be honest with yourself that you are.  I smoke daily, and my wife is not a fan of the green, but she is a fan of the really awesome gentleman and dad I have become to our son.  I work hard for them and never let it be an excuse to not accomplish what needs done.

Reddit prevents far more things from being done than weed does lol.  Speaking of which... I really need to go do some laundry.  Best wishes, and while be safe, you are doing great.
>And any other parEnts, advice welcome. 

I'd really recommend getting a vape.  It's better for you and the smell is much much less.  I bought a medium-quality one for about $110 this week (Black Friday special) and it's *amazing* (I find smoking to be gross ...).

I'd also recommend getting a safe, especially if you ever have edibles around.

I'm also guessing that way more of your friends (with kids!) smoke pot than you think.
Fellow parENT on the opposite side of the spectrum.  Our kids are 16 and 17 and know we smoke (they came on the back deck and there was a bowl out).  We don't do it in front of them.  We are great parents who enjoy a little relaxation.  As long as you aren't over using while caring for them, you are fine.  No different than alcohol IMO.  
I cannot suggest edibles more for flower users of this type. Not only is it a healthier way of administering medication, but it is also quicker and easier/ you could dose in front of your children without them being any the wiser.  Also make sure to remember how you feel now when you find out your kid's trying to hide his weed use from you in 15 years! ;)
Not a parENT but I'm in the process of hooking my parental unit up with some medical despite its illegal because she suffers from debilitating pain from arthritis and also has muscle spasms. She goes on trips often and I always hear about it will put her down for the count for half the trip every time. I'm hoping it will allow her to be able to be freer in mobility and actualization. But I know we won't talk about it because its illegal although decriminalized where I live and it's not worth the risk so I think my mom will know what you feel soon and its makes me a bit sad but I'd much rather her be happy in solitude than miserable with company.

This is fine. For me it was a process of moving from "it's an ok thing for people to do" to "it's an ok thing for me to do". 


One thing I noticed, which you bring up, is how ok it is to make jokes and references to drinking even at work. No judgement at all. Weed references are mostly too risque.
I hadn't smoked in nearly 20 years. Was on anti anxiety meds and had begun suffering from heart arrhythmia issues and micro seizures. I started smoking the stuff my wife was getting for migraines. It helped a little. Then I got white widow and it's been amazing for my health.

Before the recent elections I came out of the "green closet" and begged all of my friends and family to vote yes so I didn't have to worry about legality. I have told my 13 year old the truth but my 7 year old has no idea.

You might be surprised how much support you will get.
Did you have any while pregnant?

I've started getting into edibles for sleep/anxiety, and wondering if like alcohol, I should not do it at all during pregnancy.
MFLB is magical for a reason! It barely smells at all, is very incognito unless you are making it obvious, and the smell doesnt linger long. When I lived at my parents house I would use mine in my room and never had a problem. Sadly a few people broke into my house January 6th after I moved out (moved out 3 days before my 21st in October) and they stole everything. My MFLB, bud, grinder, roller, Xbox one, Ps4, wii U, tv I got for my birthday, laptop I used for school, a lot of my button down shirts, my cologne, and a ton of my roomates stuff. Being newly 21, working to survive without help from my family while paying for scjool myself without loans it ruined me. I wanted to die, didnt trust anyone anymore, and since then I have pretty much become a recluse. I still live in the same house and adopted a dog frol the humane society to look after the house while I work and we look after each other since we both suffer from depression. She was abused before I adopted her and I have struglled with depression since 2000 when My grandmother that lived with me and my family that I was closer to than anyone in my family passed away. These past few days have been the worst depressed days then I have had in years. Had my teacher post that a project was due at midnight on Sunday and I was doing well in that class, has a 87. Didnt see anything about the project until she posted that. I went from a high B to a 56 and that is the only class I am currently taking since I work 2 jobs to stay afloat, pay for school, my house, my car, and food. I am sorry if I went off topic but I need to get this off my chest, I am not ok and this is the first time I have openly admitted that in years. I am at that point where I would just end it if my parents, brother, girlfriend, and family woulndt be emotionally crippled for the rest of their lives...I am sorry.
I don't want my kids exposed to any drug use from me. Weed is something that should be 21+, 18+ realistically. Anything earlier can potentially harm brain development.
I feel like I will be the same way, I am currently 26 weeks pregnant and don't drink liquor often at all and don't smoke cigs or anything else. (Last time I was only drinking more was because I had to pass possible drug testing for new careers) 2 years ago I underwent back surgery at 26, I HATED taking pills and even told my pain management doc I didnt need refills for pain meds because I don't like them I rather smoke. Luckily he was awesome about it and realized it helped and would always ask just incase I needed a refill but I maybe did once in about a year. I'm always safe about smoking it's kept high up and away from anyone, I only have dogs currently so I know they can't lift that latch. Also my family knows I smoke and are 100% ok with it as I have smoked with my older sister, mom, and BIL. I've talked about how its a huge help with pain which we all have pretty much had back surgery (minus BIL he was doing it because my sister was pregnant and she wanted him to experience it for the first time) I do upvote/like stuff on fb so I don't known if people assume I smoke or just ok with it but I don't care it's had huge benefit in my life and I will be a mom who smokes. Eventually when my daughter is old enough I'll teach her about being responsible with anything she does including smoking. Don't feel alone you are not!! 
I'm no parent but I'm a 19 year old who smoked with his dad for the first time at 16. My dad is a good parent and generally did good in life. I'm very curious and drugs are no different. He wanted me to smoke something safe and not risk getting caught buying some. 

It's obviously illegal here too and I'm really glad he introduced me to marijuana. I love it and it really helps me cope with the shit I'm recently going through. 

By the way, as a result I don't lie to him. At all. My mom is different - they're divorced and she's very anti drugs. I hide a lot from her because of that. He doesn't want me doing coke, md or other harder drugs but if I do, I won't lie about it. 

Rock on and be safe. For your kid ;)
Why don't you just set you toddler up in front of the tv and step outside for a minute? I unsterstand you need to be watchful to make sure they don't get into trouble, but if it's a show that really fascinates them and keeps their attention I could see that working
6
I smoke bowls when I'm alone. Joints are for company.
There aren't enough joints on this chart... I usually smoke 1 and a half or something while deciding what to do, then smoke the other half of that second one while doing whatever I decided on. I roll with a weed to tobacco ratio of 1:2 though, so with pures I'd say half a joint before I tap out for the moment.
Half now half later
All the way to the roach 
7
7. Eat the roach brah 
5.
I like to save a 5er for later.
I'm usually a 5 but if I'm trying to be a good boy, I'll do a 4 and tuck it away for later ;)
A 5-6
I smoke it till it's done, sometimes I over do it and green out but that's a rare occasion
about stage 9....maybe 10...usually by stage 7 you break out a stone or hemostat's or roach clip of some sort but it IS going to get finished. Even if it has to be tossed in a bowl/pipe/bong, but then again you failed to mention strength of the flowers used. Could be weak stuff or one-hit wonder...
6 just because the ''high'' feel kicks in pretty late(10 mins after starting) for me also the smoking feels like a one way thing to do before getting high idk
I normally smoke bongs alone, Joints with friends, but otherwise around a 4 or 5
If I had enough nug to spare afterwards then a 6
I'll very rarely face a blunt, but if I do, that shits becoming a roach
Nice what starter did you pick? Rowlett is my boy

Yeah I love mii maker
This looks really similar to the night I have planned.  
i always fall asleep when battles take too long when i do this
L i l l i e  i s  t h e  b e s t  w a i f u
How is it so far?
Yooooo I'm having the same kinda night. Tokémon for life, bro!
Dude nice my kinda guy. :D
All I think about is that spilling in the carpet
Didn't realize how nice the new DS's look, whoa...what other games do they have for it (I'm not that much into Pokémon)
Beat my wifes sun while i was waiting for my new ds to get here. Just started moon yesterday on my new ds. I love that you get that exp share super early. Also love the new mounts system. No more hm bullshit, just your best team and they all get their best move sets.
Yeah fair call bruv. It's strange how widely acceptable alcohol is socially, professionally and otherwise. Job performance should be based off of one thing: Job performance. Living in an 'illegal country', I can't wait until it become legal, and the stigma disappears. 

Onward and upwards, hang in there brother!
This is how I was on and off for like 3 months, I was trying to get a hospital job. My then current job was literally sucking the life out of me and I was just getting bitter. Had other shit going on as well and hated that I would drink a bottle of wine in a night. When I knew I was going to be tested for sure I just gave in and got like a handle of tequila and stuff to make margaritas, then wine and other shit. Way to much crap when I can happily just smoke a bowl! Well I think the last time I smoked was in late June because on July 1st I found out I was pregnant. I clearly passed the test for my new job I started in October, now I have a fridge full of liquor and a stash box full of weed. It's sad and funny at the same time. But I hate the bullshit, I've had coworkers come into work right after leaving a bar and doing a shot before leaving, but that's totally fine. Yet I smoke on my days off and I'm a criminal and breaking the law.
I live in a US state where has been legal for a bit, and even with the medical permit, companies can still fire you for testing positive for weed. 

The shitty thing is that the test is for THC metabolite, not THC. A positive result does not mean you are high, it means you got high sometime in the the last 10 minutes to up to three weeks or so (longer durations for heavier users).  It is bullshit. 

There are ways to get around it, synthetic urine seems like the best way to go, but the stress isn't worth it. I toke on vacations only, and only during the first half, the second half I make sure to over-hydrate,  exercise like hell and  take a bunch of vitamins during the last half. And often binge drink. Yep. It sucks.




[removed]
I made a bet in the summer of 1974 with a high school friend this would never happen. Now I owe him a zillion dollars. I don't even have that much.

Edit: I've never gotten this many up votes. I'd schmerk a berl, but sadly, those days are gone for me. Please enjoy one for me, while I break into song !

I live in England. This hurts me deeply. 
How much was it
The place near me sells 10 packs of 5 sativa  5 indica .75 G prerolls for $45. WA btw
__HOW MUCH WAS IT FAM__
Yo a dispensary near me sells packs like this! It's so crazy to me haha
OP, I must know where you got these, other then Altitudes. haha
I'm so fucking jealous.. It won't be legal in my country in decades, maybe never. The Reefer Madness mentality is too strong here :(
Not knowing the price is driving me crazy, I've come back to this thread 3 times.
Idk about y'all, but I'd rather my weed stay fresh in a jar rather than dry out in a pre-roll pack...
And here I am In Australia getting tested for driving to the shops and coming up "positive" from a joint a week ago.

FML
Welcome to the future, it's official. 
What's with all the hate on shake? 

I rarely have it when it's not my own, but fuck I love getting to the bottom of the bag and not having to grind as much and everything seems to have a little extra kief on it. 

My dude always throws me a nice discount if he has it to get rid of it- fuck yeah I'll take pre ground at half price. It's not trim either it's just broken nugs
Fuck, how much did it cost?
The animes warned me about this
Got something similar near me here in WA but they only have packs of 4 for $20. What did 10 run you??
its....so...*beautiful!*
That's the dispensary I'm a member at! Sadly I have never seen the 10 packs but 5 pack is usually $25. And they do black label packs for $40 with .8 gram of hash rolled into it. Best shit ever. Love that place.
I envy you guys! In germany you can lose your driving license for smoking pot.

I'm not saying you should drive under the influence. I'm saying that those cheap ass testing strips the police uses will turn positiv on a monday morning 48hours after you smoked your last joint.

inb4: some fellow german redditor writes a 6 pages long post about how you can use a lawyer to fight this test....it doesn't matter if I'm in the right  just a few months later.
There are just two possible outcomes for this: 
1. I lose my job because no car  2.I lose my job because "le evil pot"
But will we ever see Marlboro Greens?
I live in Georgia.  It's still a dream.
In high school me and my friends would always talk about how in the future weed would be as easy to get as tobacco and we imagined it would be like this 
Is it too late to ask you to be my secret Santa?
Born too late to explore the extremities of the unknown world, born too early to explore the vastness of the cosmos, born just in time to buy weed by the box in premade joints.
Orgasming silently because it's illegal where i am at :( enjoy this for me and all other in my shoes
Peace is on its way. 
You all make me wanna slap the shit out of my state government. I am beyond jealous! 
Nice!! Altitude Organic is the bees-knees. 
I've been impressed with these here in Portland 

http://www.ecofirmafarms.com/home.php
Damn those are some fatties. I hate Pennsylvania.
I know beggars can't be choosers, but I wish they'd sell them as like 60% tobacco 40% weed. A whole gram would leave me on the floor wasted.
thats beautiful
Those look fat
Them's some fatties
How strong is that stuff cos it seems like a hell of a lot to smoke in one go, I mean I used to get faded af from one joint with like 50-50 tobacco/weed, no way could I smoke one that's 100% weed and still be functional. 
 
Disclaimer I haven't smoked in years but when I was 18-21ish I smoked a lot. 
Man, that was one reason I voted for Bernie. 
[Word cloud out of all the comments.](http://i.imgur.com/m1Ck7pg.png)

I hope you like it
Now pack a 64-crayon Crayola box.
Live like you're 17. Oh wait, I was dumb as shit then. Probably from smoking all that pot
I'm still holding out for Marlboro Greens

Just did the same thing this weekend. It's strange how satisfying it felt to crack open a pack of joints, but it was definitely a "what a time to be alive" moment for me.
Ayyy they just started selling these at my favorite dispensary

Toke on man
*Kelly Clarkson voice* 🎵 'some people wait a lifetime, for a moment like 'this'🎵
We still are.
  Greetings: Europe
That's just beautiful.
The time has come, I may now die happily.  (please legalize in Texas)


Texas here: Still dreaming.
r/Futurology
How much does a pack of these cost?
Holy shit... that's so dope.. what a great time to be alive in this beautiful world 
May I inquire which state you purchased these fine trees from? I'm moving to Colorado at the end of the year, and as someone who misses that old pack of smokes in their back pocket, this would be a wonderful substitute.
We're gonna need to bring back pocketed shirts for this
Still dreaming here in VA, although my dream involves growing rather than purchasing. 
No no no, it's supposed to be TWENTY marijuana cigarettes, not ten.
It will be my dream, honestly, when it doesn't say "medicine" on it. I'd like for everyone to be able to acknowledge publicly that they smoke marijuana recreationally without fear of judgement or consequence beyond what one would experience for drinking beer.
Until trump gets in there.  Thanks rednecks and old people.  
'medicine' lol
Enjoy it while it lasts; Jeff Session's "Justice" department will close all of the dispensaries and recreational outlets down in 2017. Let's hope it will only be 4 years before we get back to normal. 
Cranfords were the best man. 
I'm guessing about 40 bucks, maybe 50, but that is assuming this is high quality stuff. That could be as low as 20 if it is shit weed.
I'm one of those people Ty - can't wait till my area goes green 
How is Altitudes flower?
I've gotta get out of NY, it will never be legal here.
["altitude" hahaha awesome](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wFoSbjXB68)
I hope I'll be able to buy packs like this in a convenience store (at the same price as cigarettes, or preferably cheaper) before I die. 
Are, are those pre rolled joints filled with high end chronic?  bought from a legal dispensary in OR, WA, or CO?
I.Fucking.Knew.It

I've told everyone i know (irl) that someday this would be possible, and i was scoffed at. I also now have confirmation bias that smoking has given me powers to see in the future.
God Damn It Kentucky!  Get off your ass already!
Hope Australia wakes up soon :(
Trim Joint
Please ship me some.
Does somebody lick those or are they like RAW cones?
Are those hand- rolled?
Which altitude store do you belong to?
May the souls of all the ones who have fought and died or jailed for this moment, RIP
Prerollz are shit..   Gimme raw flower 
I have had this dream Sir, the time has come. 
I could cry man this means so much to me. 
b-but smoking is bad. It kills cats.
Still a dream for me. 
Literally I've dreamed of this utopia since middle school 
In New York..im still dreaming :(
Yo, bro.......wanna hang out for awhile?.....bring your guitar and that sweet box of puffins:)
Years and years ago, I remember my friends and I sitting around, joking how it would never be possible. I wish I could smoke, but it's a no go for my job, been w/o for over 10 years now. Glad to see the progress tho!
Are those candy cigarettes?
I still dream tho, fucking Brazil hasn't legalized it yet
I remember seeing a pack of joints on the cover of Time magazine back in my freshman year of high school (2001-2002) and I thought it looked awesome. Too bad I pretty much quit smoking a year before it was legalized in Oregon. 
From the uk this makes me sad. You live in a better place than I. Enjoy it. 
[removed]
I dreamed.
Cool but too much packaging.
Fail at not naming the product 'Land-O-Smiles' 
It's... beautiful! :')
Brazil:

1g - 12$ Top Shelf (is like the top shelf that i smoke when i live in (colorado/california)

1g - 1$ Brick Weed

1g - 10$ Marrocan Hash

1g - 30$ Wax



Top dealer in my area, got in the jail... =(
Its beautiful, smoking is nice but feel that freedom.
Damn, we live in exciting times!
Oh lord.

I remember when this was but a dream.

Back in middle/high school we constantly paid $20 a gram for " medical " grade.
Which looking back now our dealers prolly bought for $5-10 a g at a dispensary or from a grower they knew.

Now a days I can get DANK concentrates at $25 a gram. $25 a fucking gram.

Moxie and nature lab will charge $100 a gram for wax.

Its all a matter of learning the market and making it work in your favor.
This picture is like 8 years old lol
This makes me so happy, even though I don't have access to any of the perks offered by legalization. When I first started smoking I always used to imagine how cool these would be and I wasn't too confident I'd ever see a day where the laws would allow such a product. The day has come and much faster than I ever imagined
England here, not green with envy :(
It's beautiful 😢
This is not OP's photo
Arkansas here. $20 a G and we just passed medical, although it wasn't the proposition we wanted. Our governor was not pleased with it passing and probably won't get recreational for a long time. 
Meanwhile in the uk 😭
New Jersey here, still dreaming....
That dope brotha..Very pleasing to look at. Was it some fire though?
Dream of a day..
https://youtu.be/r_T9KMP7k5c
Omg yes. Some of us are still waiting. 
😊
In March, I'm going to Colorado for the first time since legalization. I cannot even begin to tell you how flipping excited I am for this. I just wish I was going for longer than five days...it doesn't seem like enough time to try everything it has to offer. 
Here we get death sentence if we got caught with more than 500g. 
Bot! Beep beep! I'm all about top posts!

This post had 5,000 upvotes and got posted to twitter [@Reddit5000](https://twitter.com/Reddit5000) and subreddit /r/reddit5000!

The tweet: https://twitter.com/Reddit5000/status/803608239149461504

--------------------

^^All ^^7,500 ^^upvotes ^^are ^^on ^^[@Reddit7500](https://twitter.com/Reddit7500) ^^and ^^/r/reddit7500

^^And ^^most ^^importantly ^^all ^^10,000 ^^posts ^^on ^^[@Reddit10000](https://twitter.com/Reddit10000) ^^and ^^/r/reddit10000
we've all been saying it since our first puff from a dank fatty
Sitting in Asia quietly
I shed a tear of joy. 
Still dreaming.. /sweden
Meanwhile in canada, our PM still hasnt decriminalized it. 
I still dream about it! Way to make us feel like doodoo. 
Siskiyou Co. Ca. Here, if I'd put a $ value I'd say $20 an ounce around here. straight out the emerald triangle
So what's the deal in California?  Could I pick up something like this there?  I'll be going there for work in a couple weeks.
A pack of smokes I'd actually buy!!!
Some thoughts on this I had.

This is awesome.  I have thought about this becoming a "thing" for a long time, and it's cool that it finally is.

I love that legalization is taking place, because the substance isn't harmful.  I know it does relieve pain for many people, and it is life-changing for some with seizures and other ailments, but labeling all the legal weed as "Medicine" is just.. come on.  I've been smoking recreationally for a decade, and while I'm fully aware it is used as a medicine.. be fucking honest.  I never met anyone who uses it as a medicine.  And being 18 and claiming it helps with depression (exactly what I used to say, what almost all of us say when we're teens) or sleep doesn't count.  Those things, as REAL as you might insist they are, are not legally diagnosed ailments.  You can sleep, and you can wake up in the morning. Weed just makes it easier.  As for labeling it all medicine.. I just look forward to the day we can label it as "weed" or "bud" intended for smoking, just like the billion-dollar megamachine that is the alcohol industry and how it markets it's products as adult beverages, not pretending to be medicine like Coca-Cola in the old days.

Last thought, is this realistically ever coming to NY?  Especially with the new president elect and his cabinet, it appears very unlikely that weed will be legal in NY any time soon, but then again I do not participate in politics and I'm only saying what I read on reddit and overhear on the news.  If anyone has some insight, I'd love if they could share.  And I'm asking for real incite, not typical reddit Trump-bashing, or the opposite ranting Trump supporter. I don't give a fuck who the majority of idiots voted for, just tell me the facts about what's happening.

And I'm aware some form of THC or something is legal in NY, or going to be legal.. or some crap. I'm asking about recreational bud, not medicinal THC pills.

Thanks and stay safe
Thank god Im not in a legal state. Id have no money and smoke way too much weed. 
i live down the street from altitude in silverthorne 
Do they have filters?
I saw this picture on instagram 3 years ago dude
How much does a box like this usually cost?
So. Jealous. Ughhh!
it's... beautiful
One day it'll happen in Texas. One day...
What a time to be alive.


Now bring that shit to the rest of North America.
thats what i call civilization :)
So awesome. We've all been waiting for boxed joints forever.
This is one of the most beautiful sights I've ever seen. Until these last few glorious years I've only seen pot marketed by shady kids who know you don't want to get caught. To see capitalism take pot and make it marketing art... 
This is more of a novelty than anything. I'm a member of Altitude and they don't usually have too many of them on the shelf. 

Im pretty sure they are made with good bud and not from all the leftovers because every member gets a free joint with an eighth or more. These joints are made from all the leftovers I believe. 

I think Altitude is a good consistent shop with fair prices. I've never felt the pressure sale that others mentioned. 
How much were these? 
It sucks so bad living in a state where it'll likely be one of the last ones to hold out on legalization.  This shit is just getting ridiculous.
Too bad most pre roll bud is just already blasted trim...... Roll your own
Be careful with that, dispensaries can sneak there shake and shitty product into pre rolls without anyone knowing and charging you more than they should for the actual bud in then 
Where did you get those and how much 
You're so lucky 
this shit has been around for years, fool.
I live in Australia, and I'm extremely jealous 😢😢😢
Back in India still dreaming and hoping i live to see this day too
Still dreaming for it :(
As someone who prerolls joints every day, they're not worth it in the slightest. They always run, never burn evenly, and you're overpaying for the convenience of having someone else just pack weed into a cone. There are no prerolling machines, unless you're just talking about a device that lets you pack multiple cones at once, by hand.
Dude I love altitude, they have some great bud and aren't ridiculously overpriced up here! 
fuck my life. Not fair man
I don't smoke, but that is pretty cool.
Cool and all... but does anyone else have serious issues with buying prerolls? 

I like seeing things as full buds so i know exactly whats up. 

Nevermind the harshness and uneven burn of a joint that was rolled days ago and dried out. 
How much did that run ya? Just wondering how the cost isb
How much did that cost?
Serious question, do most shops sell these?
How much does this pack reefers cost? 
Can someone please produce a brand called Wacky Tobaccy?
What state?
Those are some funny-looking cigarettes there sonny. Can I bum one offa ya? 
In Seattle they sell "12 Packs" around football season (because the Seahawks' *12th Man* supporters). Its a nice little packet with the team colors and 12 happiness sticks.
Goodness!!!!!!  So jealous! 

bruh
Correct me if I'm wrong, but wouldn't the quality of bud be lower in packs like this? I would think marijuana cigarettes in a pack like this would be being mass-produced, causing quality to go down for less cost. 
That would be the best purchase ever.
Just moved to Lawrence, KS...Still dreaming. u_u
In iowa, still dreaming...
I still dream of it! Take me to your magical land!
If only I had a frent in legal country to send me such nice medicine...
How much would one pack of these cost? Asking for a friend. 
Marbalro Greens. No but seriously altitude organics has some great buds
This brings a tear to my eye ..... come on Texas! Get your shit together!!!
The three were found smoking Marijuana Cigarettes.
As a resident of Arizona, this is still a dream that seems like will never happen 
Not rolled into proper weed cigs just cheap joints? smh
except Altitude's weed is mexican dirt...
3.5$ a gram... 100/ounce here in Oregon
How much did it cost?
they should make thin joints too
They're moving in herds.. They do move in herds. 
Very close to my dream.  
 Mine was buying a legal pack of "Flying High Again" brand marijuana ciggies. 

Im Irish.... i hope some day we might see this 
Soon to be Virginia resident, I'd love for some of that to come there, it's the biggest downside to leaving CT is I lose my dispensary which I went to for back pain  
Ya boy boy
Beautiful. 
When the Seahawks were in their last Superbowl a dispensary in Seattle was selling packs like this for $12. It was amazing.
I continue dreaming as I am living in PA 😿
JEALOUS 
IT'S HAPPENING
That's a fantastic logo 
altitude FTW.  was in Colorado this past summer and sampled a bunch of shops. this place had by far the best buds.... im from the east coast and lets just say i was less than impressed with the qaulity of many shops out there which was a total shocker to me.  i was under the impression that the land of legal would be nothing but top quality buds and that was certainly not the case  (although i was in the mountain areas so maybe most of the shops were tourist traps with shitty quality weed)
Carton please. I have a coupon.
no that is not what I dream of. this is step one towards cannabis ending up like tobacco.
The nazis won the world war two and the japan controls the north america ?
id love to walk down the local store and pick up my spliffs for the day every morning...would be a perfect world...too bad this only in america.


as someone born in 1994, sometimes i get high and think, what the fuck kinda shit world we live in. i see so many problems caused by hate, ignorance, greed and violence.

yet theres only 1 me, an a world of 7 billion ignorants
When are we going to quit calling it medicine? Everyone pretends that it's main use is for medicine, yet most people who use it aren't using it for medical purposes whatsoever - even if they claim to be doing so.
fucking arizona
I envy you all.
Always thought it would say Marlboro on it.  Those idiots dropped the fucking ball.
I hate you!
Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
I need this to be a reality in my life. I need legal weed.
itshappening.gifv
A bunch of people I know are against rec and this kind of stuff as it is 'taking money out of the growers hand and giving it to tobacco companies' (sidenote, these people chainsmoke cigarettes so I am not sure why that bothers them...) and that since anyone can grow now, people are going to have shittier weed and it will be harder to find 28%+ THC stuff. I think they don't have a clue what they are talking about, and anyone with a brain is going to just grow for themselves now.
To bad tobacco companies have a patent on packaged cigarettes between 2 and 30. This applies to joints also.
Shortys from Native Roots in Colorado are better!

https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/70/c1/80/70c1806eb7adfe6d5d305d350dffe6f0.jpg
Can you actually call it medicine? I fucking hate it when people call random shit medicine. It's not fucking approved by the FDA or went through clinical trial did it? Then it's not medicine.
I thi K this is actually very bad . cigarettes kill people because of all the toxic preservatives in them. how long before gas stations sell marijuana cigarettes packed with preservatives? roll your own shit
ugh gtfo here with those damn instagram filters.
I thi K this is actually very bad . cigarettes kill people because of all the toxic preservatives in them. how long before gas stations sell marijuana cigarettes packed with preservatives? roll your own shit
get a life
Any type of smoking apparatus will do just fine. Its legal as long as its for tobacco. ;)
Hemp wick is always a nice gift 
Send him cash in an envelope with a message that says "you know what to do with it"
>Don't upvote. 

Fuck you. *upvotes*
Side note: make sure he isn't making a reddit joke! r/marijuanaenthusiasts is a sub devoted to planting and caring for literal trees haha. Make sure he isn't a planter and actually a stoner. Otherwise, Merry Christmas, my dude. 
Get him a LighterBro https://lighterbro.com/ (20$-30$)

They are unique and useful :)

https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B007KOISFS/ref=sxts1?ie=UTF8&qid=1480379381&sr=1&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_QL65&th=1&psc=1

Really nice storage container that won't raise any flags at all. 
Czech tools

https://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss_1?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=czech+tool

or some juicy jays :D 
These are nice when on the go. 
https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B011MLF8UW/ref=sr_ph_1_a_it?ie=UTF8&qid=1480459334&sr=sr-1&keywords=doob+tube
Search for hotbox subscription box and send him one of those. 30$ full of papes glass and accessories
A bukkit. 
A lighter that recharges through a USB connection! Never use a regular lighter again. I bought the Plazmatic X for regular smoking and the Pure Spark Elite for getting down into lighting up bowls.

https://www.plazmatic.com/

Best investment ever. Threw away all my lighters that stopped working or wasted so much fuel. 
Thanks for the help friends !!
Get him a 3-layer grinder (kief catcher). Shouldn't be illegal if there isn't any actual weed in it. If not, a glass piece (again, not illegal without weed in it), like a bubbler or something. Bubblers are less common and he probably has a pipe and/or bong.
You could get him a rolling tray, I think Raw does a bundle that has a bunch of skins, roaches and rolling machines. Might be a shout, my friend got one since those aren't illegal. Best of luck on your trek though 😊 

https://www.google.co.uk/aclk?sa=l&ai=DChcSEwjS0P-rjNDQAhVPse0KHb6iB3YYABAB&sig=AOD64_0g_pJm7uRe-newpylz92snixZiPg&ctype=5&q=&ved=0ahUKEwj89v2rjNDQAhWIL8AKHY_ZBJcQwg8IHA&adurl=
Don't upvote this comment. I just have an answer.

How about an assortment of rolling papers?
Diamonds
Storage containers, ash trays, rolling papers, wick, bong cleaner (not necessary, there are other items), Ozium (pot-smell-eliminating spray), special lighter designs, smoke buddy if they're discreet. If they smoke vape pens, batteries and atomizers are always welcome. Blunt wrap flavoring.

Could get them a 20 dollar pipe, ive seen some nice ones for that price

Rolling papers work too.
What's Reddit's secret santa?
"Marihuana --- ***THE ASSASSIN OF YOUTH***", it says. 
thats cool but what does it have to do with the world wrestling federation?
Ayyyy I peep that Chromebook. That's what's good
Please ensure you have an adblocker enabled before visiting this link, this is for two reasons: I have received malware warnings from The Daily Mail website before, and those fuckers don't deserve one more penny of ad revenue.
Stupidest thing I've read in a long time. 
>how are we supposed to stop this?

Dude, it's the daily mail, chill out.  Just stop reading the daily mail, it's a tabloid.  The national Inquirerer used to post about Michael Jacksons half-bat son from space.  No do by ready the daily mail for news, they read it out of morbid curiosity.
I didn't believe a word if it. But does anybody else think it would be awesome to only have to use 5 grams to stay high for 9 months? 
This women sounds like my parents, but even they aren't that deluded.
Let's say this person vapes. I can put .3g into my vape and get about 3  five minute sessions out of it. First two are decent, last one is just "ok".  Even with that conservation, it would only last 50 days. Herb only. Factor in keif bowls and some honey reclaim I can get, and you're talking maybe 56 days worth. And that's stretching as far as I possibly could. This doesn't take into account a persons tolerance. Mine is still low enough that this could work, but it's probably not sustainable. 9 months? That is a little crazy. You have to vape .018 grams a day to stretch it that long. 
I mean, it's just an interview, you can't really blame the journalist for writing down what these people have to say. It's a pretty meaningless interview though, I have no idea what the incentive was to do it or what the author is trying to say with it. Seems to me like a child with a serious condition (OCD) spiralled down into depression and tried to fix it with cannabis, then the parents pretended like cannabis was the root cause of all her problems.
Pizza is life
I thought that was Mountain Dew in your bong for a second lmao. 
If you smoke enough *
Now that weed is legal in places, they should have a competitive eating contest for stoners.
Damn I wanna see more stuff like this here and less snoop memes or "mom caught me :(" posts.
This is cool AF! Thanks for sharing.
This is insanely accurate. 
I've never believed myself to be smoking... myself. I have a new goal in my quest for an [11].

Also, my bowl kicked in halfway through reading that, and my internal monologue as I was reading became an incredibly bad Connery impression for reasons I'm too high to even begin considering. 
And we wonder why the Govt is trying so hard to keep it illegal.  
Amen!
That guys work is fantastic his poem "get drunk" is amazing as well
I'll have what he's having
/r/trippingthroughtime
This is one of the coolest things I have read in a long time. All I could picture was some classy old gent leaning up against an old tree with his trusty pipe and enjoying the wonders of marijuanna. Thank you for this.
The third part is poetic. I personally love the after-high feeling when I am done smoking. I am so lucid, easy going, and relatable when I interact with other people or just chilling by myself. 

Excellent post, OP. 
Baudelaire's final conclusion was that artisits shouldn't use weed, he didn't advocate it at all! Nice post tho!
This is astounding. 
I prefer the term "kief" for complete happiness 
Awesome! I'm guessing your workplace doesn't drug test? 
Geez, that had to take some balls, I internally freaked out when my manager said that I act like a hippie the other day.
You found a whole grinder in your register? Lucky you!
Am I the only one who's way too germophobic to have a dirty ass coin touching the weed that's about to go in my lungs? 
Gotta rep r/trees.
New to the whole grinder thing. Been smoking baggie weed for 50+ years. What's the deal with the coin in the keif catcher? I assume to help knock the keif off the screen?
**FIVE** *C***ENTS**
It's a Bahamas coin.
Did you put a penny back? [8]
i might be new to this or something but im failing to understand what is happening in this picture
My SO has brought a few of that coin home from work took forever to get her to let me use on as my grinder coin. Works great in my hush crush love it. She brings home foreign currency a few times a month its always funny to see what made it all the way to Indiana. So far coins from China, Mexico, The Bahamas, Japan, Brazil, Canada. 
What grinder is that?
Was this a bonus from your manager? ;D
Did you at least reimburse the 5 Cents?? 
Man I would kill to have one of those :( been searching for 3 years now. 
i posted mine yesterday lol
Can someone explain what the fuck you do with the coin? I always see coins with kief and i don't know what I'm missing... 😝
Ps I know that's not kief just a good time to bring up my long time question 
Can you share a pic of it? I think I used to have the same one but it died on me.
Yes. I remember hitting a joint before a school presentation once, I straight killed it. Good luck man! 
Nothing better than straight reeking like a joint before a presentation, I suppose.
Haha I go by double blunt trauma as far as my super hero alias 
I would be a total mess trying to present after smoking a joint to myself, I'd eventually just start staring at everyone and laughing
You gotta photoshop that ford symbol into an aston martin
there is no way people don't smell that on you. 
They all know you're high. They are all judging you...

...for not sharing because everyone smokes!
Maaan, I envy you functional stoners. No matter what strain I smoke, no matter the hour of day, I transform into a clumsy being that yawns every few minutes.
You're smoking in the suit? Going into work smelling like dank is ballsy
"Dylan, that was a fine presentation on the McMahon account but this is a McDonald's".
Didn't they have tighter pants?
[deleted]
Hey OP. That's a sweet roll :) would love some content like this in 
r/theartofrolling 

Really beautiful joint, classy like your suite. What is the presentation for? School? Work?
Even though smoking relieves my anxiety, it is better for me to do stressful things sober. 
outfit on point man!
Damn , look at all these people in here mad that they can't smoke before doing things, or don't know how to "function" when buzzed. Do you OP. Whatever helps you out. If others get jealous, fuck em.
[deleted]
Nice watch and a subpar car nice my bro
Id be way to paranoid for a godamn presentation but thats me and if you can handle it, more power to you!
Study high, take the test high, get high scores. I like it. 

I gave a presentation in college so stoned I had to lean on the desk and the professor loved every minute of it. His short term memory was worse than mine, so he may have been high too. 
everyone on here rippin on OP. good luck brotha, do you!
Sick watch! Classy as hell!
I think the steering wheels missing a face plate to whatever shit it was supposed to cover. 
How are you gonna keep that suit from reeking of maryjane lol?
Maybe it's just me but it looks like your pants are toight like a toiger 
how was the presentation?
there's a special novelty to being dressed professionally and smoking, hope the presentation went well bro!
I know that tie/watch combo. Jimmy, I will expect to see you in my office at 8:00 am tomorrow morning.
**PSA: THE SMELL**

(This is nothing more than a friendly tip for those who want it! Only trying to help!)

Just because it's popped up a lot in this thread, I strongly encourage you guys to do some tests. Have your buddy go off and smoke in a way that you think eliminates the smell, and then see if you can smell it on them after.

I went years without realizing my various strategies (blowing it out a window, finishing my joint 5 minutes before the end of my walk, taking my sweater off after smoking, etc. etc.) did NOT work. Helped, sure, but a slight weed smell is still obvious. 

The smell sticks to you way more than you'd think. If you've never tested it like I said, I can almost guarantee you'll be surprised.
"those are some awful tight pants you got on....where'd you get em like, queers r us?"
Please don't smoke in your car. I know some people can handle it but you're still endangering yourself and the people around you.
You know it's good when it looks like moldy vegetables 
Jeez weed is getting crazy frosty! 
I know it's not, but I can't help but think it looks like it's covered in mold
Yummmmm! Looks like a chilly lil broccoli. 
looks like that frost consumable in dark souls 3 
Jesus!!!!!!
Looks moldy bro
Frosty the weed nug!
That is some big pharma weed shit. Sure it hits like a champ!
It's a monster from the paleolithic
I would love to see those crystals under a microscooe, I bet that shot would look crazy!
Looks like powdery mildew to me... Do a little research before you smoke that
looks strange, wouldn't trust...
that's not a ball of lint?

Oh my goodness haha it is not mold at all. It smoked like a champ too
not enough kief
7-11 doesnt sell papers, pipes, bongs, cigars, or bluntwraps? Dafuck kind of communist hell hole are you living in?
You could core it a tad bit and move the carb to the front and have a steamy banana
Ha! Nice one!

How did it smoke?
I tried this and completely failed. Used an orange instead..
😂😂😂
GRAVITY BONG 
literally looks like a sponge 
For fuck sake. Ive been out of oil for a month now 😑

This is the biggest tease ive seen yet. O I can wait to get my hands on something just a fraction of that good of shit 👌☮
I originally posted this on r/SouthPark and was given the suggestion to post it here. Criticism is always welcome ^_^
Waked and Baked... Happy High to ya!
Alright mate. Welcome. If you wanna help make it go further I would highly recommend a pipe or some sort of vaporizer
If you don't like to waste money then get a piece. Joints still use too much weed
Happy for you but my understanding is joints are actually the most wasteful way to consume it.
Get your butt on over to Oregon and I'll personally smoke you out. It's stupid cheap and legal here, and you're already used to clouds and rain. 

Oh and beer everywhere. Great beer.
Ill smoke enough blunts for the two of us! Welcome to the community fam! Toke on! Enjoy!
Bowls use even less
Not sure I understand the title. Are you assuming more weed goes in a blunt over a joint? 
Sending love from Cali! 
Ah, I love a long, fat ol' RAW spliff.
J's are the best though
Oi, oi. yet another Irish stoner replying, come on over to r/Crainn if you haven't already.
just got home from ireland last night :) Dublin is like my favorite place to visit haha 
"smoking seriously harms you and others around you" haha
From ireland too bro! Prices are ridiculous.
Sorry to here that! If you reallly want to stretch it out more definitely get a vaporizer or pipe, most likely a pipe since you said you can't spend a ton
Best way to conserve weed is keep your tolerance low, I do this by only smoking out of my chillum that holds 3 or 4 hits instead of my bubbler that burns for days
The weed to joint ratio is off. But go get high 👾
Hey man, I usually go through a gram a week, shit's expensive in the suburbs around Baltimore.

Get yourself a gravity bong if you can, or any pipe should work. The idea is if you limit yourself to a pinch every 15 minutes, you'll stretch the high out so much longer and keep your tolerance down.
R/saplings 
Yo! If your in Dublin go to stevens green shopping centre and at the top there's a good shop called asha lots of bongs pipes grinders skins and what ever else you need 
Maybe it's just me but I don't really enjoy smoking blunts by myself. Even when I do I don't generally smoke all of it at once. I smoke Js or use a piece/one hitter mostly. 

Welcome sir
im from nz (weed is illegal) i would recomend buying a cheap stem from a random smoke shop and just make a plastic bong with hot glue as a seal. its a cheap way to have a nice working bong and you can throw away the bottle after each sesh and make a new one or you can just hold on to it for next time.

Irish blunt smoker checking in. Buy a pipe or roll pinners of weed. 
Oh, my dude! I have a spliff box about the same. Spliff's are life
Don't forget about the single-hit chillums as well. I can make a g last like a week with a one hitter Chillum. 
You should check out r/saplings and r/stonerprotips
Irish herb gotta be the greenest in all the land 🍀 
Amber Leaf is the shit!
Do you roll spliffs with that herbal stuff?  Never saw it before and I've been looking for an alternative to tobacco for spliffs. 
Help a friend out when I come to Ireland next June for my first ever overseas trip?
That weed reminds me of my first bag freshman year of high school. It looks horrible and like you got ripped off.
I seriously thought this was a picture of someone sautéing a bunch of buds in a cast iron pan
LSD to be more specific  =)
Nice grow bro 👍🏼
Edibles and oils I fly with regularly in my checked baggage. I have accidentally left hugs in a jacket pocket that also made it through in my checked baggage but wouldn't recommend trying.

I'm thinking of vacationing in Colorado later next year, and I was wondering the same thing. I'll definitely be following this thread 
The TSA is not looking for drugs at security; they are looking for bombs.

That said, this is a pretty big risk... I wouldn't recommend it.  It'd be one thing if you were flying from one illegal place to another illegal place, but... I'd imagine that security is more vigilant about people leaving legal states by plane.

My point being: I think that there would be easier/safer ways to get some material at home.
yea. I had the hmbdlt one and it was amazing 
What's better about this than my $20 iTaste v1 and a $30 OG 420 lava quarts head??

Srs. I need a reason to buy one. But my battery lasts an entire week and the heads are replaceable... And it's still kicking after 3 years...

CONVINCE ME
So your using it for flower?? Thought that had a wax head on it. My bad! Looks dope.
When y'all load up a bowl in your arizer air, how many cycles do you do trough one bowl? And by cycle I mean the 10 minute timer it has set on it. I normally do 2 cycles per bowl and I was just curious what others were doing 
I need that, where did you get it?
Looks great! Sweet sweater, too.
I love it! reminds me of a tree :)
Oh man I've wanted something like this for a while. Where did you get it?
Looks a mushroom.
By that I mean the stripes are the gills and the white is the stem.
Oh my god it's beautiful! Name?
That sir is a glass pipe shaped like a sherlock, not an actual sherlock
that's sick! i love how the details almost make it look like wood. 
My first joint looked like someone sneezed into a tissue and flushed it down the toilet 😂😂
Not bad at all man! 

My friend sent me [this snap] (http://m.imgur.com/9TbeOoD) recently lol, kind of relevant
Feel free to share images of your best joints/blunts! 
I don't understand
[9
Idk man, how I know you're not just [someone's dog](http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/427/566/b67.jpeg)
with a contact high? I need altitude verification. [7]  
inb4 "YOU'RE NOT HIGH HOW DID YOU TYPE THIS AT A 10?"
Never heard of this strain. Looks beautiful. Enjoy!
[Hey I'm smoking the same strain!](http://imgur.com/WN8S2My) 
I recently bought some CBD treats for my dog. Waiting to see if they help with her seizures. They're these little bones and they have 20 mg hemp oil each.
Did you test it? What is the effects???
Looks nice!
Also, those RAW trays are great, aren't they?
Holy dankness! I envy you my friend. 
Just want to send you my thanks for always spreading some positivity on this subreddit, dude. You seem like a cool guy, pool guy.
Hey man. Notice your odometer is reaching 100K not sure on your cars model and trim but if you Haven't now would be the time to get your belts serviced preventitive maintence is key!
Pool guy, this isn't judgmental at all. But how old are u homie I wanna be a pool guy n smoke with u after I graduate college 
your car must smell like pure nug for life
Haha word dude you have the perfect timing with your posts in the east coast AM. I tried to pay homage to you today but I guess everyone was at work or school or whatever by the time I posted hehe. Thanks for the good vibes pop hope you have a killer week
As a fellow Dutch Masters lover, what are you favorite flavors? Do you usually buy packs of 2 or 3? 
How many blunts do you smoke a day?
Heyyy, whats good pool guy!!

toke on frient!
Yo what kind of shoes are those? Pumas? They look dope.
Rolled 3 blunts last night and almost took a pool-guy inspired picture. But then I got high.
Hey just curious, what do you use as a filter for your blunts? 
I thought the car was gonna hit 1M miles. Lol..
Popoffit back at it again 
LOL At first glance, I thought your truck had almost one million miles on it.  Toke on, frient
You seem like you know your marijuana.  
Is there a sativa you'd recommended for low paranoia and an indica to help with restlessness while trying to sleep?  
I live in a recreational legal state.
Good week pool guy!
Got the 100K mike service soon! Lol ✌🏼️
Your truck is in reverse mayne lmao. F250?

It seems you almost have a million miles sir. Congratulations
[removed]
[removed]
No tachometer??
I'm afraid these posts all seem pretty much the same. Respectfully, if you're going to post several times a day, I think you need to change it up, add some new variety.
Have you ever tried a backwood pool guy?

Them Dutch Javas are the best bro 👌
POOL GUY! You're turning into like an E-list celebrity
You are my favorite guy on this sub, and snoop ofc
I think we should start a petition to make pool guy our official subreddit mascot!
How can you just smoke 2 blunts? I mean I can't smoke a joint without passing out.
Bro once I bought dutches and tried to unroll them like a backwood should I just split them?
Dont smoke and drive.
What kinda Ford and why is there a truck blocking you in . Saw it in the side mirror 
We get it dude, you love your 2 blunts.
Check your engine... yah damn stoner! 
who does everyone hold they blunt like that?
Yo does this guy post everyday or am I just stoned 
Just going in here soon so you got my back too 👍🏼
But, 400 days until you can buy it.  I'll be coming over the border on that day.
I am sorry for your troubles. May i suggest relocating to an area where weed is legal. You can make so many cool friends that wont judge you. Family and people will judge you because they are ignorant.

I smoke 4 times a day for the last 4 years and dont remember when i got paraniod of the police or neighbors... i really get to enjoy the high being ina legal environtment.

OBAMA WILM CHANGE TO CLASS 2 SCHEDULE DRUG WHICH SHOULD MAKE WAY FOR CHANGEZ.
I AM SORRY U HAVE TO PAY FOR OVERPRICED WEED... SUCKS MAN!
Preach 
Why dont you grow your own? cut the "sketchy" dealer and its cheap as fuck
I've seen joints before, but I gotta ask about the tat. Is it the solar system?
Woah that's crazy i was thinking about getting a tattoo exactly like that in the exact same spot on my wrist, weird. Anyways awesome tattoo! 
That's a bad ass universe tattoo 👍🏼
How much did you smoke before you that wrote title?
Nice tat I have a similar one on my [forearm](http://imgur.com/a/VyMfo) happy tokin Tuesday brotha!!
r/artofrolling would fucking love this!
The badass thing about your tattoo is that, among the billions of solar systems out there, the specific arrangement/size of those planets is specific to our solar system :)
So you aint even gonna recognize pluto :(
It looks wicked! I absolutely love mandalas I actually have a massive one on my leg! http://imgur.com/3I3fFHf
looks so good!!
You have crazy patience
i think they look awesome! i love the sublime one 
wow, this sounds really scary. Any idea what in vaccine interacted with weed so this happened?

Thanks for sharing this, I've never heard that you can't smoke after vaccination. I actually did a month ago, after a chickenpox vaccine and nothing unusual happened.
It's almost always the older generations who grew up misinformed because they were unable to truly research the illegal substance. It kills me. My grandma tried to tell me that one joint is as bad as a pack of cigarettes.
I'm almost a doctor, 

and I know excess blood on the brain is very, very bad.

I should be mad, but the "WEED WARNING" design has me dying. [7]
Typical Daily Mail though, it's a pitiful excuse for a newspaper. Only one worse here is the Sun, I fucking hate the Sun
I find the best way to to inform people is to get them smoking;)
I just found my new phone wallpaper. 
I literally did the exact same thing, my friend showed this to me and I got the same google searches.
I hate daily mail. They just pour out false information and then post something about the Kardashian's tits so their company doesn't crash and burn like it should.
Nothing better than a fresh clean bong
Sick picture man [9]
Everyone's love an hour glass figure
[removed]
Beautiful 
giggity
Long story short: First time poster, long time lurker, I wrote a nice big post but I clicked the wrong button and it went away ah! And I'm not even stoned (I swear)

I wrote this post to introduce myself, tell my story, but I am now outta time and I'll cut straight to the question: my fellow ents, does this hash look ok, or do your experienced eyes spot easily some warning signs? 
Does it feel like 711 brownies if you were to roll them into a log? D
Does it smell like weed? Hold a lighter to a small piece does it bubble fast? Did you pay more than 10 a g,
That look bombs
my mouth is watering!
Looks good to me
Hello fellow Portuguese ent! About to toke one, making it out to all my fellow Portuguese ents [2]
[removed]
Damn I had the same shit about 2 weeks ago good shit.
You will get stoned off it but this hash isnt very good. I wouldnt pay anything over 15/g for that. 
Hey man we would really dig some content like this over at r/artofrolling

I'm glad you're happy. Stay safe 
Explain how lol
My mailbox is still receiving boxes pming you my address now
What the hell you must have some super cool friends. Is it tane soup or something?
Compared to an hg2
As someone who has another 4 months of being clean. I appreciate your shoutout. Toke up for us. 
Is a zip a measurement or just the bag type?
Been waiting about an hour to pick up from my guy 
I didn't know illadelph was still around. Always wanted one. 
Woah I have the same bags lol 
tight illadelph
them shits run $599 out this bitch
join us over at r/microgrowery
How smelly is that guy?
How long has that been growing?
Whats in the room to the right?
Am I the only one that sees a face? [0]
It's things like this that make me walk barefoot in my apartment
Why would I be wearing shoes in the house in the first place?
This is true 
Sweet pic
Aw. I'm minus all of those things.. ):
They would love stuff like this in r/artofrolling

Should post it over there :D
R/shitpost
Did you just put a straight nug in the bowl?
Dude I wanna see this edit so bad!
How much AVB?  Did the same thing with 2.3 grams AVB and nothinf...
Although I also used one gram of kief for a firecracker and only got to a 6-7 while also vaping...
I once ate about an 1/8th of abv with oreos. And got entirely way to high and sick. Never been able to use edibles since. Be careful fellow ents
[deleted]
Seriously? Just 60 dollars and no other acts for exchange of bud?😆
smells like bullshit....
please tell me how
Outdoor grown?
Cheers
[deleted]
The true plug 😂
Holy shit what state are you in, Virginia prices are usually $10 for a dub
What state??
Yoooo! How's it Smoke? Good?
Mmm...
Smokes reeeeal nice. Afgooey btw. Normally like sativas but after I stopped smoking a few months ago (tfw dankrupt) I developed really bad insomnia.
Pineapples have been used through out history to portray a sense of welcomeness and peace so it's been adapted to fit one of the most welcoming and peaceful subreddits.  
They're dope, also when you upvoted on the old weed subreddit the yellow middle with the cannaleaf on top kinda looked like a pineapple so people started to associate pineapples with the weed subreddit, it carried over to this one.
You need to come to Evansville man. We get that shit all the time
Also from Indiana, looks pretty dank man 
WHITE POWDERED!  

Pun intended.
Powdered for sure. The chocolate makes this gross film on the roof of my mouth, so I could eat more of the powdered. Make sure you get something to drink with it. 
Definitely powdered imo they're the best shit dawg
What did you go with, I am curious
personal preference, but id take the banananananananana twinkies and poke a hole in one end, then shove a twix into it.

if you then take a butane torch and sprinkle a lil brown sugar on top and carmelize it, its ALMOST like a banana foster. and it is tasty as hell
Go get some poutine Bruh!
chocolate you wont get powder on your fingers or weed
Open both and mix some of each. Problem solved. 
Chocolate.
CHOC
always chocolate donettes 
Both
I love when joints are packaged like this! Never happens in Denver though because it'd be considered open container :(
where exactly is the 'salish sea'? says it is grown from the Salish Sea!!!
Very funny and all, but that is a shitty thing to do, especially if you don't live where you can legally grow.
Cringe
lol
Is this for or against cannabis?
Uptoke
I think you're looking for /r/marijuannaenthusiasts
Thankyou anonymous upvoter who makes me feel like I'm not worthless:p 
http://iob.imgur.com/uYGg/W6kHUfYtIy 

Link to suspected hiding spots
Aaaaaaaand it's gone
Okay Evan 
Hey I'll be your girl any time, just leave me a note with a gift
U can find more joints filled with love at /r/artofrolling.
I have the same lighter!
Ahhhhh cosmos 
If you love them so much why don't you marry them
Bro tight roll, should think about joining r/artofrolling if you roll often 
I personally hate flavoured paper. 10/10 would not hit.
They don't. I just found out about them a couple months ago

Haven't had one of those since an old connect was rolling skimp joints for me as a youngin lol
Where do they sell them? Haven't seen them at my local smoke shop 
I like some but for the most part they just taste weird
Blackberry Brandy is my shit 
"The lung buster, 30 inches of doom"

Fr how tall is it though
Very neat! I would love to learn how to make my own pipe
These are suck bud! Keep at it
Learning how to blow glass would be so cool but if i did that then id have so many and it would become a problem
Awesome! How long did it take you to learn and how difficult is it?
Where can you go to learn this
Good work my friend i got my mum started ten years ago for her arthritis (its still illegal here in aus) and loves it she will also rub hemp oil on the joints to help with the pain so good on your mum make sure shes comfortable and got munchie food your the adult now take care of her
I'm glad your mother is trying something different for sleeping and whatnot.

I've got the Arizer Solo, and I love the thing. I've heard good things about the Flowermate, and Arizer Air as well.
I'd like to give you 25 doll hairs to get a set of new nails
You saw your chance and you took it, you have my blessing to reach the front page.
Are  u grill? ?? 
I get this reference, top marks
The joke

My head  
And maybe some pants; you look cold. #gooseflesh
I'm a solid [7] and I was like, wait a tick. I just saw this 3 seconds ago. I didn't even realize it was a man. Went back legs were shaved, went back to yours hair was there. Took me a minute but nice reference. 
when the critical joke gets more karma than the original.
That picture confuses me in about 3 different ways 
this shit is funny lmao
Meta as fuck
Are those nails real?
What the actual fuck am I looking at? Those... Nails? Are scary. Why are they only on the thumb and index fingers!? 

And don't get me wrong, I've pooped and puffed many a times. Bold soul to post that picture online tho
nothing better then poopin and smoking a bowl to the face
I'm pretty sure i can see your dick in this picture. 
There is a lot going on here that puzzles me.
to those who are all "wtf" .. I'm with you haha, and I'm pretty sure it's a [parody post](https://i.reddituploads.com/1662c18c8b874cf5bb12ece21f0a2105?fit=max&h=1536&w=1536&s=f1363570ff40bfb7dfa815a17ccce3d8) 
Quick and amateur question but, 

How does one go about cleaning a bowl similar to this? Do I put it in a back with water/alcohol and salt? or what?
Shut up and take my up vote 
I would like to PM you $25 so you could work on more convincing nails.
smh op dropping his drawers and whipping his piece out for karma

/r/upvotedbecausepenis
This is the best omfg
Best post on /r/trees no contest
So I now know the reference, but at first glance I could have swore you were just taking a shit and smoking a bowl. Honestly I think I judge more that you're not...
Thank you so fucking much
Why do you have paper on your fingernails!?
And are you pooping!? 
I can't believe you've done this. 
what in the fuck is going on here.  i just...i need to know.
I swear to G I have no clue what I'm looking at right now
Are those the legs of a fucking woman or man? Cause they're kinda hairy... Are you sitting on the toilet with your underwear on but with our pants down?
What is with your nails and why are your pants off?
What the fuck is going on here?
The other girl had thigh highs on though, she didn't have her pants down. ? 
Oh thank god this is a reference because I was sooo confused 
r/misleadingthumbnails
2meta4me
I'm [8] right bow, and instead of asking the many questions I have, I'm going to go blast off even more and see if I can interpret this
When reddit feels like an inside joke that you aren't cool enough to know about.
When I first saw this I assumed you were pagan/wiccan and actually wore those nails because someone at my school who says he is a witch wears nails almost identical to those made of cardboard
Nothing like the feeling of emptying one bowl and filling another at the same time. 
I just.... What? 

1. Why are your pants down 
2. Wtf is on your fingers 
haha the nails! that's the first thing I saw in the OP's too.
Yes. Just yes. 
Im out of the loop here, whats going on?
Savage

My pipes/bongs are ladies cause who wants to suction a dude?
What the hell is going on in this picture?
R those blue bugles? 
Are you taking a shit?
Are you sitting on the toilet?
American Eagle jogger sweat pants...
Those nails tho. WTF?!!! Stickers? Why? 

Edited because I just noticed how DIRTY YOUR HANDS ARE. WHAT THE HELL IS HAPPENING
This image confuses me.
You could've at least shaved your legs 
You taking a shit, mate?
Wtf is up with your nails... ON THE TOILET NO LESS!???
Ok, I'll be the first to ask. Why taketh the pic whilst shitting?
Am I the only one that thinks this is a little mean?
Are you taking a shit?
Are you taking a shit? Why are you pants down? What is over your nails? This picture does not make sense 
[Looks at fingernails.](http://s1133.photobucket.com/user/dontwanttogooutsidetonight/media/Doctor/tumblr_lfnhsyEcKf1qctj37.gif.html)
U poopin? 
What the fuck are your nails and BOI are you on the shitter?
Is this subreddit some kind of men only club?
Stopped me dead in my tracks... I'm ashamed. 
This picture bothers me.
I'm concerned about your pants and paper nail things 
Bro this is so fucking hilarious I wish that mobile users had the same benefits as full-site users. Seriously fucking bravo man. Fucking bravo. 

EDIT: I'm standing and fucking clapping. 
What the living fuck?  whats up with that shit on your fingers?  And did you pull your pants down to take this? 
I should downvote this for making me look at your legs.
cant decide whether that's funny or mean
Someone skips leg day...to smoke trees.
I'll PayPal you $25 to get your legs waxed as well as your chode. 🍆
Nice. But.... seems like a wtf picture here... haha whats on the nails and why are the pants at half way up?
Hahaha the nails!! Ha I even commented on that in the other post
wtf? a bowl of shake?
hahahahah this is great 
Thanks for the laugh. It had me dying with the paper nails. Hahahaha epic, you could have done a better job keeping your hands clean from the marker or highlighter lol 
Omg this is priceless enjoy the tokes lol.
This picture is confusing me for a lot of reasons 
i'm so confused about what's going on
Saw this without seeing the original post. I thought you were taking a poo. Saw the nails. "Is that wrapping paper?" Confused but said in my mind.. you do you I guess. 
What the hell are you wearing
How many times have you stabbed yoursef with those nails
what the hell are you?
There's a lot going on in this pic besides the faux nails thing. Are you pooping? Would have looked better with just knee high socks on. 
First thought was " is he pooping?"
i can't decide what to be confused by first 
So many questions.
OP are you on the toilet?
There is absolutely nothing strange about this post.
Needa shave those legs girl
Nigga, are you taking a shit?
Show us your bonghole.
What the holy hell?  Why are there paper triangles on your fingernails? Why are your pants down? So many questions...
/r/KarmaConspiracy
I didn't catch the reference and all I could think was "damnnn this dude must be really high" cause sometimes when I get really high I paint my nails or do crafts. And I forget I'm on the toilet as well.  
I'm so confused right now...
Yo, if you zoom in you can barely see a part of your dick. 
OMG NSFW
That thread was obnoxious to go through. Guys were all either being defensive for the OP or on the complete other side. Just stfu, who cares? And the girls on the sub all seemed to say something along the lines of "OH a girl who smokes weed? that can't exist...that's why I don't post on this sub." Just stop people, goddamn.
They weren't pants, they were boot socks. 
Bro
do some squats bra
What are you?
wtf is going on in this pic

Nice stems you've got there!
This is amazing!!! So much Yes! 

Wtf shave your fuckin legs. Also those nails look awful. 
this is at least the 3rd time today i've came across this photo, and yet i'm still failing to see how this got more upvotes than my deer Jesus_irl. smh 
Ayyy gurl, you're too hot for pants
I love your nails
Damn girl u single?
I have so many questions
What is happening to your nails :s
Would it have killed you to hold the pipe in the dame direction? 
Can't tell what's better OP's post or all the confused ents lmao
What are you? You have like fake nails, short shorts, hairy legs, and what looks like long knee high boots. Is it a costume?
fucking weirdo stoners
Lost in meta space
Explain?
What the fuck is going on here 
Bro, do some squats real talk lol.
Noice.
I don't understand what you are wearing on your leggs. A sweater ?
thumbnail looks like a fat pussy
This sub is getting creepy strange. 
Fuck off man, she was wearing a skirt with long socks. Not taking a shit with her pants at her knees, which is what it looks like you're doing. chill out and stop making fun of girls for existing while feminine. 
Fuuuuuck man is this one with a rasta strip, that changes color depending on how much light there is? 
I had one just like this, and it fell on the floor before I got to use it 
It was my first pipe :(
[removed]
Baha!
r/RedditLaqueristas is calling you OP. Go to them and spread your goodnails.
I like how everyone assumes it's a dude
[removed]
I have those pants!
What am I missing??
Since you took the photo while on the potty could this be considered a poop shoot?
[removed]
I am pleasantly confused by this image.
What the actual fuck are you wearing!?
So meta.
What the literal fuck?
Lol you wild wyd tho 
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/shitpost] [Pot weirdo. Lemme know when you're done with this?](https://np.reddit.com/r/shitpost/comments/5fgquz/pot_weirdo_lemme_know_when_youre_done_with_this/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
Are you pooping
I used to have that same pipe!
Why are your legs so hairy!!!!!
are you taking a shit?
What is this?
As a person on mobile. I was not ready for this. 
Did you glue construction paper to your nails?
Just confused, but it's front page so you good
roflol nice one
...this picture asks more questions than it answers.
What the fuck is this picture
I'M SO CONFUSED RIGHT NOW
What the fuck is going on here? 
Are you taking a shit?
What's wrong with your nails
Are your legs inside the arms of a sweater?
What the hell 
First thing I thought was no pants, scrolled down to see if anyone noticed that. Took 5 comments to realize this was a joke. Scroll back up to notice the finger nails are fake -_- 
Not sure if that's your quadricep under the pipe or you're just happy to see me... 
YUCK!
Are you taking a shit?
Those nails are fucking awful! Oh god my eyes at least shave your thighs dude 
Holy fuck I used to have that EXACT same pipe
What the fuck is going on here

Are you pooping?
lmfao those nails. why??

edit: Also, are u on the toilet??????
Those nails tho gurrrrl 
Just imagine the guys SO walking into the room as this is happening... 
"honey let me explain" 
The fuck you're wearing dude 
Dude... Like ... WTF?
Please offer an explanation for the nails
Lol 2meta2fast
Your nails look like you need more biotin. 
How do you wipe your ass?
i have questions
Pull your pants up. 
There are so many questions that arise out of this picture..
Is this a hairy-legged girl in knee boots or a guy sitting on the toilet?  Also, what's with those nails?
Are you pooping in this picture? 
I guess everyone's going to start smoking with their pants down while on the toilet now.
That's a fucking dude 
What's the meta?
Nice legs qtpi
Those legs tho 😍
you dumpin?
You def got me. Was soooo confused
today I learned Katelyn Jenner visits  trees
I'm so confused by this picture
I was waiting for this to happen.
I hate this subreddit.
Lmao, this is hilarious, poor girl :P
I could list at least five reasons not to post this picture. I won't... but I could
r/trashy
fuck you
Are u a guy or a girl? Either way, gross
I was commenting on her post earlier. Just lold
Ill give you 20$ if I can trim those smurf claws.
lets see that dick
[Has no one noticed the penis visible next to the mouthpiece of the pipe and the edge of the shirt?](http://imgur.com/a/Om12d)

Unless your thigh has some weird lump growing out of it?
Lol wtf is this shit 
Is this a picture of someone packing a bowl and taking a shit?
"What the hell is with this thread? Someone posts a picture of their nice clean pipe and all anyone seems to be doing is criticising their fingernails, pants, and floor? So absurd.

Your nails look fine, your pipe is cute, and pants are lame."
People this is a satire on girls posting their pieces and getting massive upvotes due to showing some skin.

Really isn't it obvious! Op is a great entertainer.

Edit: Offended much? ;D
Those are the sleeves to something 
Hahahahahahahahahahahah fuck this is hilarious 
If I could upvote this a thousand times, I would do it twice :D.
Your nails look better.
Oh god this is rich
You a savage for this haha!!
Hahah I love this. I hate when girls need to seek attention to let everyone know she's smoking.
Those nails are fabulous!
I knew this was going to happen. LOL  good job!
Lmaooo good shit my dude
i didnt get this then i scrolled a little further then i got it lmao 
Why 
I was about to say. "Those nails are concealed weapons.. you might want to keep those out of your pockets"

But I totes get this. Have my upvote
LMFAO
e.e
Wearing the same sweats rn. Nice taste man
That your dick I see, bud?
Ok what!? 
Wait wut?
[deleted]
I have the same sweatpants dude! Holy shit I'm so excited.
Those nails look like they could cut diamonds in a blizzard
I dig the Reigning Champ sweatpants 
At first I thought you were doing a Shit N Hit
I want to understand. 
I just figured you were roasting the bowl while sitting on the toilet. Lol 
Are you on the shitter?
Why are your pants down
Hey I have that same pair of pants 
This picture confused me 
Do you wipe with the same hand you use for the choke ?
There is so much happening in this picture. Hairy legs, yoga pants, giant tape looking thing on the thumb and it looks like you're on the toilet. wtf is even happening....
Nice balls buddy!
Doing the Lord's work. 
*Shudders*
Without any context I thought this was some Alan Resnick shit 
Sum Ting Wong.
R u on the toilet?
lmao
How do you clean that?
Are you on the shitter?!"
Not gonna lie, I was *very* lost going in to this
A clean piece is a mean piece ;)
What's the pants situation here?
Uhh what's going on with your nails

Edit: saw reference. Makes sense
at first i thought you were so high you forgot to drop undies before shitting
We have the same type of sweatpants.
Are you on the shitter?
Why the nails gota be blue tho, they creep me out 
There is a lot going on in this photo.
Total shitpost
r/trashy
I have so many questions about this picture. 
Those are some hairy legs right there, Hairy Pothead. 
Toilet bowl?
Kinky drag. I wonder what is down there?
I have those sweatpants
2META2FAST
Yes. Clean is good.
I love the paper nails!
What the actual fuck? 
Ahh, nothing like a freshly cleaned pipe or bong. 
What is going on in this thing?
This message is innocuous, but the private message I'm about to send you is downright scandalous and perverted!
There is so much going on in this picture 
Lmao wtf man.  I respect the hustle 
Im glad I'm not the only one who does weird shit while high
I wonder how many upvoted because they thought it's a chick in the thumbnail 
You need to bring the nails about 5cm farther out from the cuticle ;)
I don't want to know either
Dude we have the same pipe just different colors. Mines blue and yellow.
Thank you for covering your dick with your shirt.
Are you smoking on the toilet? That would be a logical explanation for this. But on the other hand why did you lift up your boxers but not your pants? Are you that high?
Im wearing the same exact boxers i think
hmm... i don't even care to know, so i wont ask.
Lmaooo
#**so brave**
Super duper.
Not gonna lie, thought it was gonna be your dingus lol
though he was taking a shit
I got those same shorts!!!
Dat thigh gap 
WHAT THE FUCK AM I LOOKING AT.  *takes a draw*

Man, what the fuck am I even really looking at?
Oh my god 10/10 lmao
I'm not cool enough to get this reference and I didn't see any explanation in my 10 seconds of rapidly scrolling through the comments. Plz halp
wtf is wrong with u
Are you shitting me?
WTF is going on here
wtf is wrong with you. 
Dude..... Shoe on head
Top kek
Somehow, this picture was exactly what I needed today.
is that paper on your nails?
Do you people really do this? You smoke while taking a shit?  You can't wait the 5-30 minutes? What the fuck is wrong with you?
the more i look at this pic the more confused I am
Took the pic on the toilet?
Taking a shit?
No words, ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Yes!
For the first time I actually saw the original post rise to fame before I saw its mockery. It's a good day. 
I'm sitting here in those same sweat pants. Excellent choice. 
Dank meme.
Degenerate
Weed? Pfft...step your game up. Crack is where it's at,  clown.
I wish I had a huge tits so i could get EASY upvotes!
Totally thought you were taking a shit for a second
Lmao!
You win Reddit today, u/MinnowPaws
How to basic?
I started laughing when I saw you had your pants pulled down

Let's wake and bake u/romesthehomes 
The new phones cameraz are dope as fuck my galaxy 7 active had a great camera that gets the job Don just fine👌I second the question of what kind of phone you got ☮
Nice picture! May I ask what phone you used? 
Looks dank to me.
is this you? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXZY7JPByX0 :O
Its always 4:20 somewhere
Neat!
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
I see your gorilla glue and raise you grape ape. https://www.instagram.com/thculinary/?hl=en
good weed but too much indica for me
I've been smoking this for the past couple weeks, and it is a very fine sativa
Gorilla Glue is my go to!
Morning! Is that biscotti? My favorite is the lemon one
Enjoy it, man! Legal ganja is the best ;)
I'd hate to have to clean it.
That means you didn't skip anyone in rotation!
I was a little buzzed at like [3] and I was with my friend in his car. My friend is much more experienced than I am so I showed him my pipe and asked if it was just ash or if I could still use it. He said I could still get high off it so while he was driving I hit it. Turns out that was the rest of our on hand stash and I got high without him. I felt really bad.
I'm a driver. I don't consider people an ass if they don't tip, don't get me wrong though, it still sucks not getting tipped because I get paid 4.30 when I'm on the road and I am expected to make up the rest by getting tips. But I can't permanently judge somebody based on if they don't tip me. I don't get mad at them, I get mad at the situation. You never know what some people have going on in their lives, maybe they can't afford to give a good tip. Hell I don't know, sorry for the paragraph. I like to ramble when I'm vegetated. [8]
It's more like the pizza employer subjugating us hungry folk to pay for their employees. Tips and tip culture is so dumb. How about we pay the employees a living wage they can depend on instead and charge a bit more?
Smoke him out for his tip 😂
here its 10€/g and only one strain which is always called as some high class bud, but most of the time its only medium..
like: 'dude, this time its super silver platinum orange kush!1!' and all you get is some B grade strain..
pretty poor
if your looking for more choices, check the onions man
It's cheaper for me the more I buy, but usually around $12/g for good stuff, I really only buy from one or two guys and I've only gotten mids like 3 times in a year. I'd say about only 30% of the time I know the strain, it's only when my dealer knows it from his supplier. Indiana btw
In Texas I have 2 options.. over pay for decent bud, or drive to CO and pay my taxes and get better bud cheaper.

It's sad I can get BETTER bud at under half the cost when traveling 13.5 hours each way and pay taxes of 25%on the bud... gas is included..
Before I got my med card in AZ I was buying off some dude but I was getting ounces for 230, 285, or 300 but I could barley tell a difference between the 300 and the 285. Think he was giving me the whooptie.

He would tell me strain names and I would use Google to find out more. Once he gave me Larry OG (very spicific look) and it looked and smelled like tangie or Jilly bean. I know you can't define a strain easily by looking at it but this wasn't Larry OG. I didn't know what to think tbh, med cards are so worth it.
that looks absolutely painful. 
I got cat hair in my bowl once and that tasted horrible. I don't think nose hair is an upgrade. Also ow I'm not burning my nose to get high. 
[GIFV link](https://i.imgur.com/tCy5Kzm.gifv)

---

_^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^[FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/livven/wiki/gifv-bot) ^// ^[code](https://github.com/Livven/GifvBot)_
The fuck how you do dis?
My friend and I tried to invent the first "modular indoor fireplace" out of cardboard and almost burned my house down
Just run your spoon through hot water. 
Honest question what do the numbers in post titles mean?
That's not me, but I do watch horrible shit on Netflix so...
Awesome! Looks like a step in the right direction for once. 
What does this mean for those accused of cannabis crimes in national parks in CA? Anyone have any insight?
Now that's a beard!
Haha your posts always make me smile pool man dude 
I have the same Newport torch for dabs haha nice shirt tho
Always love a good tye-die tee. 
Dude looks like he has the zig zag dudes beard haha awesome!
I stole that same shirt from Walmart lol
I'm amazed at that drawing wish I was better at drawing 
idk what your story is even trying to say but nice doodle on your physics test
Love smoking to do my physics C homework. Helps me understand and see solution so quickly I love it
Artists u/PaulJacksonLives and u/Hokieson
This is doooooooooooooope


Fuck that's awesome! I wish I could art too...
The half-assed joint and smoke ruin it. Link to original?
Always loved these. Look so cool.
Want to get a raptor and rex one printed out for my room. 😎
Insane.. wtf..
Could you remove the pens and take a straight picture?? I would love to use it as a wallpaper for my phone??
Love the dino theme! 
Dope as fuck!
Can I have it?
This is how I feel
[removed]
This is an amazing piece!
holy shit yes 
Probably not going to happen
If weed is recreational in LA then you can buy just some amount of it (cuz you are not from LA).
*slow clap* 
Holy shit u/romesthehomes
damn, thats one dirty bong... imagine scraping that thing!!!
Is that bong water on his mashed potatoes?
"The bong will become symbiotic with the bacteria in it and gain self awareness. The age of man has passed, the time of bong has come."

Taken from Imgur comments. Made me giggle.
People need to chill out. As someone who has smoked plenty out of clean bongs and dirty bongs, as long as the water relatively clean, it doesn't really make a difference. Yes, it's nice to have a clean bong, but it's not imperative. Let the man enjoy his thanksgiving.
I thought this belongs here. This dude got roasted over in r/pics for having such a dirty bong. Let that be a lesson to the rest of you... CLEAN YOUR BONG

[Heres the original post] (https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/5eqz48/this_is_my_thanksgiving_as_a_single_man/)
That Lag IPA is no joke.  Gets me good in like 3 bottles.
Dawn soap man, if you can buy fucking whip cream you can buy some dish soap.
Man those little bubblers are really popular.
That's really thoughtful brother 
As a disabled person, I find this touching. Thank you frient. 
As a cripple, this means a lot. I don't know why, but this makes me happier than I should be. Thanks frient!
Nice
I always talked about how fucking awesome it'd be of a dime bag actually cost a dime..oh please let this be the future
Damn where can I get a $10 piece?
And a piece which weighs 7gs is a set piece
hell yeah 
Bahaha 
nope and here's why..............taxes.
Actually a 10¢ pipe would technically be a dime piece. 
Except that a dime is 10 cents and not 10 dollars...
It looks very scared. You should put some nice wax through it to help calm it down lol. Nice piece frient!
It reminds me of Ernie singing rubber ducky [7]
Mine would say: hit the one hitter more than once, watched TV while redditing. Day after day. 
That's cool! The only things I've written down while high are song lyrics, some of which turn out amazing but others are laughable.
I do this. It helps with my memory
This is an awesome idea! I think I'm gonna have to try this. 
Yeag gl keeping up with that lool
sweet yoyo
I use a google sheet but yeah been doing the same since this past summer. I wish we had more control over our brains (like a computer where you could like import textbooks before exams and shit haha) and what we remember but until that time, gotta log shit down. Also helps me keep track of how much I smoke over x period which is nice for unbiasedly knowing if I'm bordering addiction or not.

wow i just posted this comment, close the tab and went back to /r/trees frontpage and had another thought. Im gonna convert that into handwritten log. When I'm old I'd much rather find a dusty notebook with my smoking memories than a computer based doc. I'll def keep both though, digital is much easier to keep organized and updated.
Fuckin tickley!
Love the yoyo
omg another thrower on /r/trees!!! is that a diffusion?
Great idea right here.
Looks super frosty 
Can attest to this stuff, i got some about a year ago. Havent been able to find it since. Top 3 best ive ever had
Why is it each and every time (or nearly every time) I see a Nixon photo I think his head has been photo shopped onto someone else'
s body? /shrug
All she wanna do is smoke dat broccoli 
Hey man! Consider subscribing and posting all your pictures like this to r/artofrolling

It'll be way more appreciated there :)
I don't know if I fully understand tbh
Well that's just how high he is. Maybe you should get higher to understand?
I'd smoke that. ;)
My dispensary is literally around the corner from me. I'm in DC so prices are higher than CA and CO but no complaints here. 

We went over and got a 1/4 of grapefruit krush and about 5-6 grams of assorted stuff. Rang us out and we walked back home and made a bowl. I got to thinking "it should be like this for everybody". It should be the norm. 
Omg I remember this feeling a few months back when I got my card (still only medically legal here) but yeah, dro dealers lag like hell. Now I get far better quality with specials and stuff when I want. And it's legal. I still feel so special compared to all my friends and like, everybody who still has to go black market lol
Definitely one of the few times I'm happy to pay my taxes. 
b-b-b-but corporate weed! /s
I did too! Such a glorious feeling 
Love the username my dude.....absolutely love the two. Cheers :)
I have a dealer who is awake all day. Sleep from like 6am- 2pm usually. When people are busy with their lives and sells dope on his garage the rest of the time. You just go there whenever and hes got shit. 


It's awesome 
Unite!
also that's a dope guitar!
Musicients*
did you stick the whole solid nug in there?
Show the full guitar!!!
I love packing a bowl and jamming with my band mates every weekend. I play the drums and my god the bass drum hits just sound amazing. But I love playing along to RHCP whenever I'm jamming at home. Nice guitar btw

Edit: spelling
Ooh a Bigsby
Wanna jam? 
rock on cowabunga duude!!! \m/
Whaaa I need to see the whole axe it looks amazing 
Wish him goodnight in the comments, but DO. NOT. double tap the screen!!!! That'll wake him up. 
I can't tell if this is steam or smoke at this point
Hell yes they do!
Boss shit my frient 
They do once your start smoking in them.
Nope 
Sexy build up my man ✌🏼️
Saw the title and thought, "How do you know the dog's at a 10?"
Dog: "...for me? Truly? I'm finally one of the gang? Oh, fuck you too then hooman."
Your friend is pretty fucking stupid. Or 14
Lol wut. That is CLEARLY Tommy Chong.
!remindme 8 hours
Yes! 
Pics in action
Yes. Yes. *YES*. 
please do share!
Definitely would!
Working on the guide right now

!remindme 12 hours
I need this for my dorm room
!remindme 2 hours
!remindme 8 hours
As someone who lives in an illegal state, please share.
!remindme 2 hours
!remindme 12 hours
!remindme 12 hours

!remindme 1 hour
!remindme 8 hours
!remindme 8 hours
I need this mang 
!remindme 8 hours
Wouldn't complain :)
Meanwhile I just dropped 50 on an 8th
peep the juul pods 
Dude what's that filter 
it [looks](http://imgur.com/a/ivZAh) like King [Daphnes](http://zeldawiki.org/images/thumb/0/0f/Daphnes_Nohansen_Hyrule.png/200px-Daphnes_Nohansen_Hyrule.png) with a smoking crown.
these pictures you are posting are tripping me the fuck out, super cool
/r/artofrolling ha I beat you /u/gerry-jarcia
Resident of Ontario et Quebec here :) Happy smoking/vaping frients!
🍁
Maritime ent here cheers!
Alberta here
Should have been canadients!
Toronto !
Bonus, these crackers are delicious
You're low on sodium?
That bowl looks tasty!
Beautiful looking kief. Brand of grinder? Also that kief in the pipe looks hand pressed? and the nug sitting on top of that kief chunk almost looks like creamy crumble!
Ooh, is it infused as well?
This is seriously all I want. Like 2-3 little plants, I looked up on r/microgrowery and might follow up on one of their kits they suggest and give it a shot!
Hudson Ohio? 
Hudson valley NY? If so we should toke!
Native Roots dispensary? I'd recognize that medtainer anywhere. Their shits kinda expensive but you get what you pay for.
Never drank strawberry lemonade before
I went yesterday and got a j for a penny. Pretty cool 
Native Roots!!!
My guy had some if this last week just finished it this morning!GooooOooooooOooOood shit haha.
Thanks
Have the same exact one!
Would you recommend this pipe
Love this pipe but I wonder why they always have to have such big ends on them?  This would have been by far one of the best looking pipes I've ever seen but they always have to put that big dick sized end on them lol

Either way solid pipe man
How are you liking the MFLB, my dude?! Just ordered one and I'm stoked to try it out :D 
You love ulfric stormcloak?
Get some Raws or ocbs
Sweet roll man :D

If you roll often consider subscribing to r/artofrolling 
Myface Behind da Silva Candido Lucas
Would this actually work for growing weed though?
Funding Canceled

Funding for this project was canceled by the project creator about 1 hour ago. 
I knew a guy with that exact same bong, he got if stolen from him though. Good piece
Med-tainers are great
Nice light too!
Close up of the flat top: http://i.imgur.com/wkbo484h.jpg
[Size of the atmosphere](http://www.sciencephoto.com/media/159214/view).

Volume of the atmosphere: (V≈4.18×109)

[% of atmosphere that is oxygen](https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=what+%25+of+air+is+oxygen&oq=what+%25+of+air+is+oxygen&aqs=chrome..69i57j0l5.6847j0j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8)

**Equation**: (4.18×10^9)*.2095 = 875710000 = Volume of the oxygen in the atmosphere

Radius of sphere from volume: r^3= 875710000/(4/3)pi.  R^3=209060872.  **R=593.504**
_________________________________
If all the oxygen in our atmosphere were a ball, it would have a radius of roughly 593 kilometres.  If you were an excellent cyclist, you could probably bike from one side to the other in 2 days.
I mean, isn't that exact thing kind of happening with earth's atmosphere? Sure, it's not just oxygen, but it is a big ball of compressed gasses held in place by gravity.
Casper 
Trump's America.
Is that a dollhouse..?
The Milky Way
Bongy McBongface
OG Gohst

Edit: Ghost [8]
Storm shadow
spooky.
White Castle 
Whitey Bulger
Storm
Old Man Winter
Nimbus
The white rhino

Whitey
Milky Way.
Is that a coin on top of your grinder
I see a kief castle in the works. Great fun for the family!
How long has this taken? 
LOL yes I took a nap yesterday mid day for. Hour was dreamin I was getting my ding dong sucked WAS SO REAL woke up n u know how rest of it goes 
Yes. It is actually common for vivid and strange dreams to occur after one stops smoking or goes on a tolerance break.
Not quite like that, that sounds like lucid dreaming and can be sort of a cool thing.

But for me, usually when I'm out for a while I have a few nights of shit sleep and then the dreams come back. My dreams are weird and I certainly don't miss them when I am smoking.

Long term daily (unless I'm out) smoker, can just as easily go for a day or a month without if I have to but I'd rather not. But fuck the dreams. Most of them are some grey area between nightmare and just odd.
Here's what I experienced yesterday morning-

(Copy pasted from telling a friend)

So it started out as me playing this game called "Minecraft". I had found a really nice area at the "North Pole" (Though there are no actual poles like that in the game, it just goes on forever (AND I HATE WINTER AREAS)
Then it transitioned to me being in school again
I spent the entire day thinking about developing that area
After the six hours of school were done I went to a classroom where I supposedly wasn't supposed to be
The teacher offered me 200$ if I waited until his current lecture was over to participate in the next
So I went and sat on a bench outside his class and fell asleep, and as I was trying to wake myself up in the dream (for the ez 200$) I woke up in real life.
When I woke up I realized I didn't like that Minecraft area, and was not nearly as excited as I was in the dream.
I think it's the look of jealousy....
The most awkward lanky arms
Season 5 of South Park is awesome and so is the pup!

"Team rocket in my blunt got me coughing, weezing" haha but that is sick 
Hehe... you must be... KOFFING a lot after that hit :D
-BADUMTSS- 
just lead out the door I'm trash I apologize lol
So badass! Where do i buy one?!
u got weezing on your pipe and oddish in your bowl
He already lit af
yo where you buy that shit
Where did you get this awesome pipe?
Hey I'm grump...
that's fucking awesome! 
love it 
Me after a long day of smoking :)
Metal Pipes in general just take me back to when i would ditch school and smoke at my friends house and Play Nazi Zombies lol 

I wouldn't change my dumb ways as a kid.. Looking back it was fun while it lasted 
Inhaling some noxious fumes (;
Isn't this like $1000 on etsy?
Koffing!! *said like in the show* 
How do you get into glassblowing?
Beautiful
Only 5.6 grams? Your weed game is weak.
hope you cleaned that sucker out! did that once with a coffee grinder and there was so much in there 
Shit man good luck |3|
I think it would be funny to threaten them with another ballot initiative next year  that makes it like California where you can get a rec on Skype. 
Care to explain why taxing it is a bad thing? I mean, it's one of the staple arguments for legalizing it.
One step forward two steps back is how we like to do it around here... 
That tea is delicious 
Whys it already all grinded up? :(
$42 for less than a gram?!?
Do you have a David's tea near you??
Looks awesome man
43568644.63644
You can come here to cum?   I'm a little yeeked out by that.  
About to take a fat dab to this 
 

Edit: or should I say 2 😉
This truly is the nicest place on the internet
44g's
69 weeds
36gs
Two ounces?
35
Not yours though 
Do you know how much is in there?
Half
40 gs!
I love how pretty purple flowers are to look at and being able to brag to my friends for their rarity and all... but some of the worst strains I've had were purple. I've never had bomb ass purple that comes even close to the best greens. 
Half a pound of what?
I mean... Sounds to wayyyy good to be true.
Half pound of K2?
This is a chargeable USB lighter with a heating element.
u/claytonjeffries here is a pic 
It doesn't vape though
Haha I used to have an lsd dealer like that.

"Hey man can you meet up this morning or to night I'm busy this afternoon"

He responds
"Yes."
He seems very enthusiastic.
A minute too soon -Smiles
I wear contacts but I will try regardless
Lol I remember this one time my friend was fuckin blazed and wasn't paying attention and began lighting our dab nail with a lighter as he kept telling his story.
I'm at about [5] and it took me about 8 seconds to realize what was wrong there. Good Eye! Could've been a yechy and fibrous mouthful.
Thatd be pretty cool, snoo is my goto in the meantime
Everything looks so tiny.
I use a tiny jar exactly like that! Use to hold Earl Gray tea.
make some soup
What is that lighter called? It looks awesome
OMG I didn't know anyone else used those crocs lighters! I found 'em at a 99¢ store by me and bought a bunch because I'm a pussy and don't like fire directly on my thumb. Alas though, today my last one ran out of fluid, and I think 99¢ store is out. I shall stay ever vigilant.
http://www.testclear.com/Nexxus-Aloe-Rid-Shampoo-P174C2.aspx?AID=11553899&PID=7654292
Shave every hair from your body, request saliva test.
I think it should be called tofu
*hits blunt*
What if we are living a dream and when we die we just wake up in another parallel universe.We just keep being reborn into infinity doomed to relive our lives over and over in a slightly different way.
Hits blunt


What if when we die the light at the end of the tunnel is us coming out of another vagina 
According to NORML and Washington State website (http://www.lcb.wa.gov/mj2015/faqs_i-502), personal cultivation is against the law. 

If you do decide to grow it will be with out the consent of your states government and may come with legal penalties. 

 
i also live in washington, and i was under the impression for a while that you could grow up to three plants for personal use, but i actually read into it and i couldn't find anything like that either.
from what i remember gathering, in order to legally grow any plants, you have to either apply to put your name on a registry and see if you're approved, or you have to be a licensed producer. i did read that a good while ago though, and i really don't have the greatest memory so i might be wrong. if im wrong, i hope someone shows up to correct me.
It looks like about a gram maybe .8  
Unless it's super dense, probably .8 gs at max. Sry man, but it does look like some  good kush
could be, definitely not much less. 
Yeah it looks like you were ripped off by about half a bowl
I think it looks like a gram bro
Keeps you gone all day. 
I'm also in Canada and I remember an add playing over the radio about a clinic specifically for helping people get medical perscriptions. You should see if there's anything similar where you live
I would just point blank bring it up.  Don't be scared or ashamed.   It's 2016.  It's something you're willing to try to manage you're condition.   

Michigan legal patient btw.   It was very simple for me as I have a couple non debilitating health issues.  Thank God for health insurance pre Obama for all my surgeries.   I got my card easily and I'm not well versed on Canadian law I'm afraid. 
Planet Earth 2 is starting to come out with episodes!

Edit: a few episodes already out http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p02544td/episodes/player

Tor browser for those in the us
Art history documentaries too this BBC guy WaldemarJanuszczak does ones I like, he's a little snarky. 
Social issues and political documentaries are my favorite to watch while stoned. On the downside I get super emotional as well while watching how fucked this world is. 
[Dayum nature! You scary!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ge4oufdIOMc)
Always a good choice; I'm fond of the documentary muted, music on variation!
Yes! Once the election shit was over, this is exactly what I did! It's so amazing and beautiful out there! 
Hate to burst your bubble but 25$ will get you that any day
Nice bud bro
I suppose technically you could maybe somehow get pure terpenes or cbd with terpenes.
Hemp?
Sage
Just stop completely dude. Why would you smoke something that JUST TASTES like weed. It doesn't do anything good. And it would cost you money. I think it is really stupid to even just look for something like that. No offense.
Are you sure your not smoking pcp?
Huh.
🙎🏻‍♂️💨🐢✌🏻
So dope 👍
I love it too
I just smoked a couple of bowls of it [6]
samesies
https://imgur.com/a/SY0kA
Is that a remote for some LED lights?
Stay safe!
I actually had smoked to get to bed, and I was listening to Dark Side OTM and when "Time" opened I freaked cause I was half-asleep and smacked my head on the couch corner (I was sleeping on the floor), so I totally relate.
The beginning of Breathe always gets me haha
Agreed! ALL the time!
Get baked and watch the movie "The Wall". It will change you
The lunatic is on the grass.
A lot of pinks songs get me xd 
In the midst of Interstellar Overdrive when it gets all freaky scared the shit outta me once I thought I was having a bad trip
Yes
Used to smoke and take showers while listening to Pink Floyd, and I'm with you in that cause without fail every time  it's beginning would scare me
Most certainly.
Haha dude every time. Even if I'm expecting it
Try getting baked, dropping acid, and listening to it. Lemme tell ya it's quite a trip 
When I first started smoking, this is one of the first things I did. I broke out my nice headphones, my iPod classic and shut off the lights and just drifted away in the dark. God damn it was a beautiful (and scary) experience haha. I can only listen to that when I smoke though. Such a great thing. 
>"Snapchat News"

Lol what the fuck? Obama warned us about fake news    
I thought I've read marijuana helps Alzheimer's? Who knows which is true but I definitely would not trust "Snapchat news"
I need some DBZ for my nail 
Fushigi
You did say shameful...

I wanted buttered toast but didn't have bread so I dipped waffle pretzels in a tub of margarine just chips and dip.

I've never hated myself more. 
Shameful? Cream cheese tortilla. Bam! 

Shamefully decadent? Peanut butter on one slice of bread, Nutella on the other, with mini M&Ms and thinly sliced banana in the middle. Mmmmf.
I sometimes when I'm really high make Ramen noodles (shrimp or beef or chicken ) and than when their about done I make a onion bagel with American cheese and I put the Ramen on it and eat it as a sandwich.
I'm ashamed to admit that I just take a piece of bread and dip it in some yellow mustard on quite a regular basis....
Honey Nut Cheerios rolled in a slice of honey ham. Highly recommend 
Shamefully decadent: Strawberry milkshake with a ton of honey.
 
Shameful: half a bag of mini marshmallows. 

My first time getting high was... uncomfortable. I was alone and all I had to eat/drink that day was a ton of cold brew coffee. Needless to say, I was pretty sure I was going to be the first person in documented history to die after taking two hits. 

Somehow I got it in my head to drink some water. And while I was in the kitchen, I had this crazy idea that maybe my blood sugar plummeted, and that was why I was feeling terrible. So I tore open a bag of mini marshmallows and stuffed a handful in my mouth. 

It was delicious!

I kept doing it, just standing in the kitchen, handful after handful. Till I realized I'd gone through most of the bag and I needed some of those little guys for a frosting recipe I intended to make that week. Ashamed, I put the bag away, drank a ton of water, and enjoyed the rest of my high while it lasted.
Eating half a can of chocolate frosting...I could feel the diabetes coming on.
Once I was high with some sober people and I ate like 6 donuts cause they were amazing and everyone made me feel bad for eating so many 😭
I made a peanut butter and cookie sandwich once. Tasted great but immediately hated myself afterwards
I would say I see a lot of love for the dealers on here as well. Also, dealing aside, it's not cool to tell someone you are doing something and then just ghosting them.
Whole lotta grammar mistakes 
Pizza flavored gold fish are amazing. 
I'm partial to inhaling a blueberry pie myself, but my hands down favorite munchie is Goldfish. Most things I'll get tired of after eating enough of it, but if you keep putting goldfish in front of me I'll mindlessly much on them till the heat death of the universe.
Apple-O's. Pizza of all varieties. McD's. 
Ice cream, and Lil Debbies. 
Funyuns!!!
Lumpia, it's a sort of spring roll. 

Besides that I would probably say chipotle, or a personal staple in my life would be whataburger or mcdonalds apple pies. (if you're not familiar with whataburger their pies are friend and not baked like mcdonalds)
Dude I did half a cherry pie the other day and I felt so good. Like a bear ready to hibernate.
grapes man
I absolute love walking alone in the morning.. the little island I was one was completely empty, noone there at 9:30 in the morning. Took out my joint and enjoyed my little walk. I realized that I need to connect with nature more often. I love nature, its amazing. And smoking in the nature is the best combination for me to feel happy.

this is my personal playlist with songs that really make the whole experience (When im high) much much better: https://open.spotify.com/user/11101366638/playlist/4BftkhHp68UxWLB319nCB3 Fucking love it. Its more "deep" and calm but I love it so much.
What filter?
It's always a good idea any time :P
>not a food

What the fuck do you do with these then? Stick em up your butt?
I suppose if it's a sativa and a workday, why not? 
I popped two of these in the morning, thinking this was a clever shortcut to a wake 'n bake, but being an edible it took two hours to kick in and I forgot about it until it started to do its magic. Still fun, but going to do wake 'n bakes the regular way now.
Is there any way to buy them online and ship internationally? I mean it's just candy it can pass customs no problem.
That had to be like letting a child go for adoption. Give it to you biggest pot head friend or someone who had no piece. 

Either someone will take proper care of it or will love it to its very last toke. 
Pick up the phone , goosebumps, chill bill , going 
My tolerance is low and I am a weakling, but I smoked that fucking bowl made for a party. Godamnit. I am proud of myself.
Nice family, that oil lantern on the right is especially dope.
Hey guise let's put all this weight on the little downstem and see what happens!
You should set a book or something under the front. Cool pants
Looks clean! But Don't let that fall over and break, seen way too many dab fails and that shit happens 😂
findingnemo_bubbles.gif
Do that's a cool looking Little Black Lighter, what does it say 
How romantic!
Yes but you need pizza there too lol
Yea, resin smells awful and it's hard as hell to get rid of.

As far as I know, isopropyl alcohol is your best bet. That's what people use to clean their pieces squeaky clean, so I don't see any reason it wouldn't work for the floor too.

Edit: BTW, he should be the one cleaning it up, not you.
Tell him to get on his hands and knees and start scrubbing isopropyl alcohol and sea salt, if necessary.
as already said, isopropyl alcohol.  I'm taking chemistry rn and I know that marijuana is a nonpolar covalent compound, meaning that it won't dissolve in water,  but will in an alcohol, as water dissolves ionic compounds such as most salts.  Correct me if I'm wrong, though.  I have a C in it right now lol
As they said: isopropyl, or some other cleaning alcohol, & the grease of his elbow.
Like the others are saying, isopropyl alcohol will do the trick. Use some coarse salt if you need a little extra abrasion. If it's really stubborn let the iso soak in for 5-10 mins.
isopropal alcohol and a little bit of salt
But hey man, back in the day, sometimes we didn't have some fancy apples, or giant ass water bottles for gravity brings... my dad's old Coor's cans used to be the thing back in the day
what in the fuck am i looking at right now
fall cory time ha ha ha ha ding gotcha cute bro thanks yolo bae feels love lit. The vibes are why would you use those random words
How long did this take?
I fuck with those berry fusion by Dutch master I suggest giving um a try sometime!
This will probably get one upped quickly
That is just.... So, so sad. 
Where they stealing or just destroying? 
They are genetically related... but then again so are wheat and lawn-grass. 

Did these guys not get training about what weed looks and smells like..?
Designer / drafter, basically a drafter is to an engineer as a nurse is to a doctor. I make 3D models. It's pretty chill. 
Own a robotics and engineering firm
I'm a software developer. 
Painter on disability. 
Glass blower...yes I make pipes :)
Analyst in financial sector 
Run a review site, and I'm a uni student
I'm am oncology nurse and I loved reading this thread!
I work in the sex industry.... Well... I... Erh... Make bondage stuff for dungeons. Eg sex benches. Its an interesting job.
I work at my universities climbing gym but I hope to be an orthopedic surgeon one day!!!
Delivery Driver 
I'm a social worker for the elderly. 
Electronic technician. Basically i repair mobile devices, computers, toasters, etc.  If its got a circuit I've probably fixed one haha.
I'm an audio technician. Concerts, conferences, galas... I'm actually running the board for a banking seminar as I type :)
Barista
EMT
Im the "Chef" at a small local restaurant more of a head cook than a chef i guess, but i enjoy what i do, and i just started training to become the kitchen manager. So thats pretty cool
Student lol
Sandwich maker for a nice homie fast casual place. You're a really cool dude.
Currently I'm just a student, getting a degree in geophysics 
I work at Best Buy as a Samsung Open House Expert meanwhile I design house plans as a freelancer.
I work from home doing software support/analysis for a very large fruit company. Working at home offers the unique chance to smoke whenever I want and get tons of shit done
I work at the BFI IMAX. 
Retired military
Civil Engineer
[deleted]
Director of Resources which is a fancy made up name for warehouse manager/ do whatever else needs to be done. I work for a small supplier to the natural gas industry. 
I'm a handyman/work estate sales while I go to college. I move furniture and fix stuff/ helps people move. It's fun being high for all that but one day I will be an emtemologist or botanist!
Human resources, recruiting coordinator 😊
Porter at a mechanic shop for now
Limited Energy Technician. I specialize in fusion splicing and commercial backbone infrastructure. Some DAS and wireless applications as well.  Alot of Healthcare clients. 
Private equity.
Doing my best to become a cook, I specialize in BBQ comfort foods, and yes I always make sure it mixes with a good smoke session.
I'm a software engineer.  I work on building communication systems  (email, sms, push notifications, chat, etc).
I work at a hardware store while I go to school for cyber security. To bad all my jobs are in the government and ill have to give toking up soon 😕
I work in a coffeeshop in amsterdam
Delivery driver right now, hoping I can go back to college and become a CPA.
College student, but I work part time in the ER as a scribe 
Own a pest control business
Commercial Real Estate
I work at in n out lol
I'm a chef
Executive assistant for a VP of a multinational corporation in the financial sector. Basically, a glorified office monkey.
Bartender
It's a tv show, but cannabis is a common theme in Broad City.
Smiley Face.

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0780608/?ref_=nv_sr_3
Agreed. Because my best friend and I are so ridiculous ladies when we've gotten carried away during a sesh. 
Ayyy, you forgot pineapple express 
and Bare Wench might as well be a stoner movie.

no Amy Schumer tho.
[deleted]
Suck MY DICK NIGGA 
that combo is all you need
Freeze it and scrape again. My friends all swear by it that you get even more. Never tried it personally, post results 
They can choose to not hire you for it. That's all it comes down to really 
Yes they can, but in my experience they mostly only test for insurance purposes. If you will ever be operating expensive equipment or a company car, they will test you if something is damaged (e.g., you have a fender bender during work). 

They can also test you if you have some kind of federal licensing. In my case, I have a Merchant Marine Credential for work and so I was tested regularly because the licensing is through the US Coast Guard and not a state agency. 
Im from Portland OR and lost a job to a failed UA. Weed's still federally illegal so most employers go with that rather than state laws regarding marijuana. 
It probably varies on so many factors it would be hard to track a consistent number. I agree in a lot of cases most employers tend to deny or terminate even if an accident isn't said persons fault though
What vape is that?
Meta/10 [8}
To the front page we go
Are we done yet? 
dis gun b gud
Did you just community zone us? 
Hotdogs

Did you shave your legs just for this pic?
I keep wanting to try knitting a pair of those.

 Hrm, weed + knitting. That could be either really awful or completely meditative. 
Meh. It's been done too many times.
Thats a guy
Up up and awaaaaay 
Just deal with being a meme
IS THIS SHIT A THING NOW?!
I'm here to make it to the front page
I'm lovin these 
Ladies use on the internet?
[removed]
OMG JUST WEAR PANTS!  If it is so cold outside you need to have your legs covered above the knee, THEN WEAR PANTS
These are really lame. No one's telling you not to smoke weed get over yourself. 
Trousers should be part of your winter trend, they work wonders for keeping your legs warm.

Significant lack of retarded nails, 3/10, 3.7/10 with rice.
The sad thing is though, that I feel curing cancer will lead to more harm than good. Overpopulation exponentially increase, which will in turn make global warming skyrocket and will lead to horrible pollution and soon, an almost uninhabitable Earth.[6.2]
Indicud is a great album man. I can't wait for his next one
Posted this in another subreddit and thought I would share where it's more relevant. Stocked up during a Black Friday sale. We have a small child so the locking cabinet was super important for us. Pretty reasonably priced at Ikea and very sturdy. The rest is my OCD.
Dope set up bro, I'd love to have something like that. I keep all my stuff in like a "child's safe" I've had it since I was 5 haha
That last Bud pic looks like some Dr grinspoon. 
Some say stoners aren't organized. I like to organize my ganja as well. One love bro
I NEED this!
What's this cabinet called? 
This is the strain I'm referring to.  http://www.medicalmarijuanastrains.com/wp-content/uploads/tdomf/6008/grinspoon%202-578x578.jpg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ZDUEilS5M4

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73WtL_J3O7w

Enjoy

Edit - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSWrepLjTKc
Dj Quik - Bomb Bud 2
Dee Dee Ramone - Funky Man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXmqauitBkM

Dont know if this is considered old school, but this is my go to smoking song. If you havent listened to it before, pay attention to Andre 3000's lyrics. He is a great storyteller.
I felt like a vibrating cellphone
I was once so stoned that I became sexually aroused by a peanut butter and jelly sandwich I had just made.
Once i had lost all feeling in my body and just felt constant tingling in every part of my body(almost like a massage chair), then my vision had become twisted into a triangle of wavyness of my surroundings and feelings. Difficult to explain, but man still remember it like it was yesterday
10 minutes after my first dab my legs felt like literal jello and when i tried to move to the couch I almost fell over in front of my cousin lmao, and my sense of hearing got completely fucked, like it was actually impossible to understand the words someone was saying to me, it all just sounded like gibberish.
Lying still but feeling like I'm accelerating through space at the speed of light
I felt as if I was a gong that was just hit and was vibrating
Once left like I was a literal puppet. Like Pinocchio level pre-real boy. Every time I moved it felt so jerky
We better be done after this one
i'll allow it lmao
I would never trust my cat near a packed bowl lmao
No.  please don't let this turn into a thing.
Is it over now? orrrrr
What is the reference from?
You forgot to put the prism filter on it
Should be in the litter box.
Damn that's a dope bowl man
Man this beats both those posts.
My cat would do one of 2 things if I sat a full bowl next to him. Either lay down on it or rub his tail against it. He fucking hates weed. 
These memes are HOT. Get em while you can!
Omg put on some fucking pants
HASHTAG GOOSEFLESH HEEHEE
So Purrrrrdy
The second j looks like R2-D2
This is great [7]
What is it

what's up brotha! love the idea just a couple ideas:
1) set up a tripod. 2) invest in some high quality lights. and 3) the audience wants to see DA WEED 
just thoughts seems like you got the setup there [7]
I'm anxiously waiting for mine in the mail. If this isn't answered by the time it's here I'll be more than glad to test it for you. I'm a sci**ent**ist after all. 
It does a bit, but that's the trade off for a basically indestructible bong. But you just gotta pull a bit gentler
dude holy shit I'll buy that deck if you're selling it
Wow that's a great idea actually, how did it rip?
I hate to break it to you, but I suspect that is a he
Those Combos are so good
omg me too [7]
You're screwed.
Dot tests threshold is 50 ng/ml, buy a drug test w the same specs and test yourself
Texas, aka fucking never. I just want medical use.
**Rhode Island!!!!!!!!**
A vape or a dug out
Get yourself some wax pens man, don't fuxk with the bong (like I did) I had cops come to my room one time, it's too risky. If you can't find a wax pen, get a pax or something 
If your gonna be on campus dorms then a vape is necessary. I have an arizer solo and it was perfect, for on campus. Highly recommend it or the arizer air. Vapes make little smell that's dissipated quickly. If off campus housing go crazy man.
Definitely get yourself a vape. Probably not a desktop vape since you're in a dorm but a portable one. Maybe one of those carbon filter sploofs and some ozium and you could get away with smoking in your dorm if you wanted. I wouldn't advise it but you could easily get away with it
It sounds to me like you are just used to the high. Nothing has changed, it's just become a feeling you are familiar with rather than a new sensation! 
You might want to take a break from smoking for a week or a few days. Tolerance breaks are usually the cure for when you're just not getting the same level of high that you used to. Also try smoking in a way that you don't usually do, like joints or blunts if yore used to a pipe or bong. 
Pics of your weed?
I can't remember where it was that I read about it (for obvious reasons; working on my own [7] right now), but changing the setting in which you're getting high helps. Something about being in a new place seems to affect your brain and how high you feel. I really wish I could remember where I found it because it was pretty interesting, but I'm higher than giraffe pussy right now. So, maybe take your piece for a quiet walk and find a nice little hidey-hole to toke in. And don't forget the eye drops.
try a dab hit
You're developing a tolerance. Edible are more efficient as they metabolize into 11-OH-THC which is 5xs more psychoactive and longer lasting. 
If you want to get your tolerance down, just don't smoke for a couple days-a week, it doesn't take much 
Take a tolerance break. Even a few days will help. Or you have some snicklefritz
I [8] love your punctuation and how you say 'the thing here' 
Subbed, give him a chance. I'd like to sit and have a nice long talk and sesh with this gentleman. 
92 and more coherent than some people I know.  I usually find it hard to understand older folks, but I could honestly listen to this guy all day just to hear these stories.
Me and my friend have come to the conclusion when your high every food goes up 3 points on a 10 point scale, so if you really like something and its a 10 its a 13 but if you dont like something and its a 2 its still now a 5 
Daaaankkk bro!
How many grams? 
Hahha nice bud bro. Do I see a history exam (pola od mature) used to roll a joint? 
Oh man so smart using a cookie sheet as a tray.. why didn't I think of that..

You can even hang it up on a nail when youre done omg
Level up and get a bong next!
You've got the essentials.
Awesome dude! The cookie tray is actually a great idea lmao. But you seem to be better at rolling then me! I also have always used a glass pipe or bong to smoke so I never had to learn the rolling process! 
For the love of God! Please take the buds out of the plastic bags. Oh my eyes, they burn! 
Also wanted to add that these were my first two rolled joints ever. Gotten a lot better since then!

http://imgur.com/UKaAkk6
Do you play league while blazed ?
Because the trichs will stick to the plastic and you will never get it back.  
Hahaha I need some of whatever you're smoking.
Yeah man, I feel you, go rediscover the glorious effects of capsaicin! 
Reminds me of the time I got so high I forgot the English language. I was actually watching the Culture High on netflix and everything they were saying sounded like gibberish, edibles man
People can get 80 dollar ounces in those states , so that x16 would be $1280. Not counting in bulk discount but my guess would be 1000 bucks.
I get a lb for 1300 on. Good day 
This makes me want to vomit as someone from the east coast where lbs can cost 2600-3300. You lucky fuckers. 
Good deal 2500, 
you would need a hook up from someone that grows to get it for under 600$ probably . 
Absolutely not. He's the one being paranoid and he's not even stoned lol 
Unless you blow smoke directly into his mouth or you serve him some brownies there is actually no way for him to get any in his system. He's a med student, he should know this.
no lol
That's what my wife and I do when we wait for are guy to msg us back, we just clean are house. By the time he answers us we have a clean house and now a clean place to smoke are tree 🌲
i realize i'm too stoned, because i was right about to say that shit is legal in los angeles, we just voted it in
for me, buying in louisiana isn't hard bc of the quality, it's the pricing
I had plenty of Rare Dankness strains while I lived in Holland, they have some nice stuff. All of them seem super stinky and sticky.
Happy toking from nola! (:
I bought 5g for 70$ and an 1/8 for 45$ tell me if that's good
Hm
[removed]
My lady had the exact same smell sensitivity to it, like would almost throw up if I was around her after smoking. But since we kept ours she never smoked, so I can't comment on the high tolerance. 
yeah. right into my parchment papered covered hands. *do it*
yea
Yes in the arm 
Directly into your eyeball
Had some of this recently, it's amazing I put it directly on my dabbed then put it on my nail. 
Apply directly to forehead!
If it's activate, you can eat it. Hits like the best edible you've ever had. Definitely don't eat it if its not though lol 
My heart rate increases. At least it feels that way
Fingers actually FING!
Yeah, my balls feel amazing... Wait, what? 
Heart rate does slow down quite a bit for me with edibles. I have to remember to breathe. [8]
Your feet go numb? Am I the ONLY one that does not get numb feet?
24 Karat Dankness in the air! Enjoy frient
Had some perfect ?double banana tangie? Although I found similar results, I could never find what my guy told me the name was anywhere online. It was some golden bud though.
Just got him to puke. He was starting to sway and his eyes were already really dilated but he's back to normal already. Thanks so much guys, you have no idea what this means to me. This is why this community is so great. Love yall 😘
Induce vomiting, seriously. 300mg for a dog is... uncharted territory 
Call a vetenarian ASAP. He should be fine but best to get it out of his system with vomiting as soon as possible or he is going to be in possible pain. You're a good person for being worried about pet, but be more carefull next time :) 
Call the vet. 
The first dab is just a primer, after the primer you definitely need another to seal the deal.
I went from smoking flower daily to dabbing and for the first week or two I just got super zonked off my first dab but now I'm starting to enjoy multiple tasty hits! Still love me some flower though!
Dabs are the only thing that get me high *instantly*, it seems like. I'll feel a little stoned after a bowl or a J, but one sizable dab and that's all you need.
I try to do the same hit my bud first then my dab, but then I'm like fuck it why not just dab first 😂, i don't burn my bud that often as I used too I use my vape mostly now. So after taking a tasty dab my vaped bud tastes pretty damn weird lmfao 
Am I reading that right, almost 700,000 miles on your car?!?! Damn..
Can you post a pic of that pipe. It looks awesome
Nice Fingerless gloves 👍
 https://giphy.com/gifs/3o6ZteYsJj97oL6Tpm?tc=1
Lol damn that's a close call! Had a couple of those when I used to ride my fixie through traffic...
Sketchy!!!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sell it online, if you need any help. Message me 
I'm sorry man, and I know the struggle. Unfortunately this business id run a certain way and it's SUPER difficult to find an in.
That's a grape ape-cicle
Enjoy it wont last long. Thc is in the system for about 28 days so any brake less than that doesnt do much your tolerance will be back to normal in a day or 2
Good luck. Just remember that it's never good to be too reliant on one thing, especially emotionally reliant!
Good luck, friend!
good luck man ill toke one for ya today!
Good luck to you brotha, I'll take a fat dab in your name!
Fellow Jersey resident here sending you some good vibes man. Relief is coming soon!
By Jan 2018 Christie is gone. NJ will most likely catch up to a place where other states are. It does suck that he is making it so difficult for people here to get something that actually helps.
Going through similar myself so I feel for you friend. We'll see what April brings into play for Canada...

Wishing you the best, it'll get better.

😍😍
Can you spot the moose? 
Locomotives (trains). People usually think that there are huge engines that make the train move, but almost all newer trains use electric motors to move because eletric motors are able to provide 100% torque from a dead stop unlike combustion engines. Locomotives DO have diesel engines but they're used to power the electric motors- not to propel the locomotive forward. #themoreyouknow
I share my last name with a meme, let's just say I would love a Kermit pipe 🐸
i would like to have: an Appa the sky bison steamroller, a plumbus bowl, an abstract beaker with at least 1 mr meeseeks holding up the bowl, a rig of some sort but with a seed or flower of life design incorporated into the flat sections, and surely theres a few dozen more i seemed to not recall at the moment 
TFW you're the only vote for weeabo trash 
that's up to you 
But you're being paranoid they won't know you have a med card for one that's for DOCTORS ONLY to know and dispensers why would your job know how would your job know you naw I mean
Foxy Bogart
/r/PlayItAgainSam 
r/artofrolling would like this vid haha xD
That bowl is nice. 
The ultimate dilemma 
If it was between me and my girlfriend, I would take the blame.
Not top shelf, but not a bad snag
It knocks kief down into the third chamber
You shake the grinder around and the coin knocks kief down to the bottom 
It smells like the colour purple and dark green, like the taste of strong old cheese, like the feeling of cleaning the toe jam from your toes. IDK, SATISFYING AS FUCK
The deep mustiness of an evergreen forest with snaps of fruit citrus, Apple, cinnamon, and undertones of wet soil that falls through your fingertips ready for planting. 
Sweet and fruity with a dash of green. 
i have no way too sorry, i dont know of any way to relate one sense to another, also there are countless strains that all smell different
It has a pleasant smell to it. I would research what terpenes are. These are what give the weed its scent. It can actually have a very wide variety of scent based on the different combinations of these terpenes.
This is a really unpopular opinion, but honestly it doesnt smell good. Sure, after you've been smoking a while it becomes an acquired smell and it starts to smell amazing. But the first time I smelled a nugget of weed it smelled, to me, like a sewer drain/garbage dump/ skunk. Now I've been around it long enough to treat it like a fine wine, but i would bet money that a non-smoker would say it's not pleasant 
This has me stumped as fuck.
It's like a punch in the face. Once you smell it you wont confuse it for anything else, tastes can be fruity to musky i guess? 
I never got to smoke as a teen :(, definitely a regret
Pre 98? Does it last that long?
shouldn't the end be twisted and pinched?
Looks pretty good, fat ass joint! 
I am trying it again. I'll let you know
It looks like if rolled up great doesn't look Loos you should be more then perfect shitier joints will smoke just fine 
Glass blunt? I've never seen this could you pls explain someone?
That's cause she's probably been low key hittin' it on the daily. 
They make a cool modern version of this with a metal corkscrew inside, so you twist it and it ashes as you go. Link anyone? Saw it on dude I want that.com

No Rec shops will be open until the earliest which is January 2018. So yes a new med card is wise. 
Maybe you tolerance is lower than some people... And everyone has different reactions to everything, weed being one of them. Just smoke small amounts, small hits, and it can be enjoyable op!
As far as the effects, I tend to believe that it amplifies traits already within the individual. If you're already open to ethereal feelings, it opens the door for you to explore that. 
So everybody is different right? Everybody has a different body shape, different metabolisms, different tolerances. Not to mention your food intake on any given day as well as how active you are physically. There's also your anxiety and stress that can play hugely into how high you get. All of these things can and will. 
Did y delete and try again? This isn't bud related bud 
What a dope sky you've got there!
Looks like a nice western sky there. Love the mountains. 
This is such a dope picture
But why light both at the Same time? Its just wasteful 
Always light two at a time!

I love the Zombies as well!
Taken with the Canon 5D. IG: weedandthings_
Sweet glad to see another Flatbush fan 
Ozzy man reviews are fucking hilarious. I love the ostrich race review lol 
Hell yeah, you should have offered a bowl
This happens to me too. My friends never tells me when they order food or stuff online. Like I'd sign for it no big deal but dude just tell me so I don't have a panic attack
[removed]
yummy.
Hell yea! I love to think of that sometimes. We are all in different time zones where it's 420 somewhere all th time 😲
lol no it's not
It's not only allowed, it's encouraged. NFL players are using it (or trying to) to prevent CTE. 
Is the Pope Catholic?
Giver! don't be shy 
As an ex athlete who suffered from many (15+) I found that smoking always soothed my headaches and also made everything a little more enjoyable! SMOKE ON ENT 
If you are into getting stupid high...then yes.
Been ripping gravs since I was 16 now I'm 23. Nothing else is the same. I got a nice small glass piece used for bongs for the socket
Fuck yea, I hit a gravity bong not long ago for my first time in YEAAAARS and just felt so nostalgic, got stupid high, and it's super cheap stoner engineering :p who doesn't love grav bongs?! You know now that I'm thinking of it. Are there nice creative and professionally made grav bongs to buy???
Gets you to a different dimension right quick, but I don't use em anymore cause it just destroys my lungs.





Get a vape, way healthier and way higher
i smoke my gb every day, its my favorite. put a regular sized water bottle in a blender bottle and take it anywhere. where im from we call gbs "jibs" very catchy nickname
Man, I can't wait till my tongue matures (or dies a little, idk) enough to enjoy sipping straight hard liquor. Right now, it could be whiskey that's $3000 a glass, its still just burns. I don't taste the peat, I don't taste the highland grasses or the smokey char of the barrel. Just hot burning. Could be Jack, could be Glenfiddich single malt, I won't be able to tell the difference over the fire in my mouth.
Nice picture! I love the color tones and vibe of it :)
Look up a pokeball grinder on Amazon. They're super cheap and look awesome.
check etsy 
Black Mirror.
I completely understand where you're coming from. So much stuff on there,  but I've already been through all the good ones. 
Here are a few i enjoyed/still enjoying.

1. Stanger things, just watch it, no need to say anything.

2. The 100, im just about to finish season 1, and am loving it so far!

3. Weeds, No need to say anything here.

4. Orange is the new black, I crave the next season, the cliff hanger at the end of season 4 killed me, its a great series, just give it a chance.

There my top 4 :)
I've been binge watching Merlin when I'm stoned. Every night I smoke a bowl, or a joint, whatever really, then I chow down on some snacks and watch Merlin get beat by Arthur for trying to save his life. I'm on Season 2 now, still so much magic and Maryjane to come.
Edit: credit to u/rsahk sorry I'm baked 
So well said
The Australian one is worse too -_- we've got a bar fridge you guys have a double door-er.
Scrubs, that 70's show, and malcolm in the middle are my go to. They never disappoint. 
This looks interesting... ["13th"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V66F3WU2CKk).
Damn that is such an apt comparison tho
I love watching Bojack Horseman when lifted.
What shows do you like? We can make recommendations!
If youre in a sci fi mood, check out Fringe its kinda like the x files in a way. That being said, I recently restarted watching the x files.
If you haven't already watched it I would recommend Sense 8, its made by the people that made The Matrix, takes a few episodes to get in to but I thought it was fantastic. 
You wont know whats good till you take a bit of it. 
That's an apple tree. Often times confused for marijuana or hemp as you so displayed. Just leave it be for a few months till the apples come in. People will come Ray, people will come. 
Like the other Poster said it is an Apple Tree. Give it a few Months.

[Source](http://www.slorchards.co.uk/New%20Website%20image%20files/GraftAndGo.jpg)
Def an apple tree. Get yer fruit on!
goto /r/microgrowery
you need to figure out if it is a male or female when it becomes mature to determine if it will grow anything smokable
Looks like a sativa dominant strain. I would cut off the top, newest set of leaves. That will make it branch out. Remove the crap around it, so it won't be competing for nutrients. As also already mentioned, check out r/microgrowery. 
Good luck. Please send us updates.
Looks like a [Sativa Strain](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/44/40/e0/4440e0c45598f7d7313f1024c64b1897.jpg). If I was you Id rip out a few of the surrounding plants and give it as much light as possible. Also looks like around 5-6 weeks into veg so you are looking al around 3 more months till harvest. Read up on MJ and you might just get a good bit of bud. Or its a male plant, wich will still look nice. :P
[deleted]
Don't you ever worry they'll come home and see you smoking blunts in their pool area?
Pictures of you smoking pot by rich peoples pools gives me hope
I smoke two blunts in the morning, I smoke two blunts at night... I smoke two blunts when I'm cleaning pools, it keeps my pool net tight.

Ayeeeee my man! 

Cleaning pools in PV? RPV? Beverly Hills? Am I getting warmer?
The Double Blunt should be your super hero name
Pool guy is a r/trees staple at this point. Living better than all of us. 
You know pool guy, I pretty much live for your daily blunt posts at this point. Keep doing you man, we all appreciate you here.
Sup man! Hope all is well! 
Lol your hand has a buttcrack
POOL GUY MY MAN 
Mind if i ask what brand of papers those are? Ive been looking for the brown papers and cannot find them
OP is a reddit celebrity now! 
Hey man, have you heard about the Spanish train murderer? 
Carpe deum you silly bastard.
I love your posts! I also have a pretty high tolerance but I can't always afford to roll multiple, so I'm kinda jealous. keep up the good vibes 🌞
I'm fairly new to reddit, and I have already noticed you in my feed multiple times. I like seeing pool boy wielding his two blunts
Pool guy do you smoke when you first wake up or are these your first of the morning?
You think I don't recognize my own pool, dude? Didn't think I browsed the ol /r/trees did you?
2 blunts for life yooooo [5]
Oh how I envy you.
Ayye its pool guy cool guy
Hows the chemistry looking? Salt pool?
I dream of one day smoking blunts by a pool with you 
What strain you smokin on over there? 
can we make this man a admin on r/trees? or just make a r/poolguy
Jesus, you must have some mean tolerance. 
Your posts make me want to move to Florida and work with pools all day. Toke on brother
Pool fuel. That's what we refer to it as here in Texas. Burn em down, fellow pool guy ent! 
https://media.giphy.com/media/cZw9O9i93VjXy/giphy.gif
What you use for blunt wraps? I can't really use backwoods anymore cause here in Toronto it's illegal to sell flavoured smoking products and like using sweet aroma and grape.
Your posts are strangely soothing and the double blunt consistency is outstanding
Have a good week, bro! 📶📶📶
glad to see you're having a better Monday than me, pool guy. keep toking!
How many MILFs have you banged?
Get ya some new shoes didya? 
Fellow 56Ent*
Pool double blunt guy!
I always know your posts because your the blunt smoking pool boy who puts emojis in every post title.
I can always tell your posts from the others. 

Pool: Check
Red shoes: Check
Two Blunts: Check. 
I'm from PAAAAALM BEACH! Keep toking and cheers from the 56♠
Are you the pool cleaner?
I always find myself looking forward to your posts, man. Envious of that weather over here in Chicago! What blunts are you rolling up? Look like my new favorite Acid clover cigarillos from Drew Estate. 
Bro, I see your posts every morning. And I always think to myself, if he's gonna have a good ass day today, so will I. This morning's bowl is to you, my good sir
Fuckk where are you? It's freezing where I am. 
I'll hit you up when it's time to end the day with a couple more. 
I gotta ask man, how many blunts do you smoke a day? [8]
f yea pool guy!
Pool guy, at it again
Used to love this time of year being a pool boy! smoking joints while "cleaning" out leaves. They could never tell if you actually cleaned it or not because by the end of the day there would be the same amount of leaves right back in. Empty the skimmers and chill lol
how much do u smoke when you're NOT working? love your posts frient!
Must be a good paying job if you can afford to smoke blunts all the tkme
Unbleached shoes? Give us back the real pool guy you faker!
Since you smoke before/while working; do you stick to your sativas for that energy and upper feeling or are you a functional indica smoker who defies the couch lock indica high?
Fat ass blunts at that..hahaha...good shit fam..Blaze up!
Pool Guy Cool Guy 👌
How did you get your job?
What's up pool cleaning fam! Tallynasty pool guy here lol 
what if he uses the same two blunts for every post? 
Stay up pool guy! 😎
HEY! Thats my backyard!
That would not only be the start, but also the end to my working day.
OC
I was gonna call this a repost but you seem to be the pool guy so hell yeah
How come you're able to smoke before work but if I drink before work it's a problem? This is to me when it's a double standard. 
[deleted]
So do you go to the same gas station and grab a pack of wraps every morning? They must know you by name now
Do you hold weed any other way or is it always like that 
Ahhhh, the life of the American working man.....life's a beach:)

You're welcome to burn them at my house, anytime.....AND, I don't even own a pool:)
You seem like the chillest dude ever... do you listen to Bones? Or $B?

I would die to smoke a blunt with you and listen to Bones 😩😭

[5]
righteous! feel like you're an r/trees celebrity. lemme know if u need some pools to clean or blunts to smoke in Cali. all the best 
This is the second time now I've seen a post like this by you. Each post has made me jealous. 
Luuuucky!!!
Seeing your posts makes me miss blunts and south Florida :( can't complain too much cuz I'm in Spain at the moment and the bud is cheapppp but damn I miss some blunt wraps 
I'd sit there for about 3 hours doing fuck all... I enjoy taking my time
Oh dear pool man. A few fellow Ents and I are trying to begin a sub called r/artofrolling

Would appreciate your pictures there when things get a little more populated :) 
Do you ever get sick of just cleaning pools and smoking weed? Do you ever want more from your life? Or is business booming and you're set to retire by 40?
You seem like really cool dude maaaannn
bruh
I just finished smoking a few blunts myself with the help of [Cyclone Cones](https://rebrand.ly/Cyclone-Blunt-Cones). I've never been able to hand roll, so know I just fill it up and and be on my way in under 3 minutes. 
Saw in other comments that you're a Floridian, that makes you the best "Florida man" I've found online lmao! Keep it chill bro!
[deleted]
Get back to work pool boy.
If you have to smoke all that to get baked it must be poor shit dude.
If you are smoking top shelf weed. Your not going to do shit after smoking 2 blunts. You will be napping . 
That explains the reason our community pool is never that clean, the pool guy is so fucking high every week. 
https://media.giphy.com/media/cZw9O9i93VjXy/giphy.gif
https://media.giphy.com/media/cZw9O9i93VjXy/giphy.gif
[removed]
https://media.giphy.com/media/cZw9O9i93VjXy/giphy.gif
Poolguy! Didnt you say you wanted to smoke joints more for health? What happened lol
[deleted]
beautiful...
No crazy nails, 5/7
Need an independent tester?
You got. Nice plant there wish you luck looks like your growing it pretty well there
r/microgrowery

Now that my state voted to legalize pot I will definitely have to give growing a shot. It is something I've always been interested in but never had the chance to do. 
She's a beaut. 
Healthy plant.  Could use a bigger pot.
Where does the part that you smoke come from? It doesn't look like the bud you buy in a store. I'm so clueless to this stuff but I live in Washington.  
Beautiful plant:)
I want to grow one, but I'm afraid my cats will chew it like they chew every plant I try to grow!
yo dude put it in a bigger pot it's probably already root locked.
How far in? 3 weeks?
What kind of light setup do you use the plant looks great so far
Nice POTted plant you have there
How do you normally get seeds? I want to grow just one small one in my apartment.
What did you use to take this photo? 
[removed]
The genie is out of the bottle now....
Hey op What country you live in ,nice plant is it nettles ;)
Weed's not big in Japan.
There are a lot of DBZ items. Lately I can't walk in to a head shop without seeing a row of their heads in bowl form along with a Majin Boo bong.
Ayy nice
There's no weed in that bowl. 


But that's non of my business. 
Basically I got to about an [8] and thought it would be a great idea to buy a stuffed kermit to take pics with

edit: english
WILBUR <3

EDIT: wrong thread [9]

EDIT2: it's Wilfred not Wilbur fuck
omg I am cracking up. I can't be the only one who loves Kermit memes
[8] worth it for that sweet sweet karma. Have an upvote
Get him a hood. So hot 🔥 right now [8]
we should all start posting our favorite stuffed animals with our respected bowls 
I HAVE THAT  KERMIT TOO!!!!
It's not easy being green...
The memes were to dank for this one.
my friend has a stuffed whinnie the poo doll that he stabbed with a knife and stuffed into a pickle jar. 

^^and ^i ^^^wanna ^^stick ^^my ^^^dick ^in ^^^^it
I remember when I first started smoking I got the same out of body experiences. I felt like I was just watching my body go through actions while I watched from behind me. Eventually like many other good parts about smoking it went away after a little. 
I've had some pretty terrible greening out experiences, the worst ones involving me going blind for a bit, but nothing like what you've described. I don't think anyone on here is going to be able to tell you what exactly happened either. Every time I’ve wanted to find out what exactly is happening to me when I’m having a bad trip I’ve had to put my Google-fu to the test. The illegality of cannabis for the past couple hundred years means that we have done very little peer reviewed research on it and you may not find anything specifically related to your symptoms, but you’ll probably find out more than what you will posting on here.
Etsy has some very nice looking pieces. You could probably find what you want on that
My favorite sites for bowls are smokeday, dankstop, thickassglass, everyonedoesit, bakebros, and grasscity.
grasscity; they carry every known brand that I've ever heard of. Sales all the time, member club with discounts, etc. Biggest selection afaik
[etsy has crazy good deals for glass](https://www.etsy.com/listing/492443395/mini-glass-pipe?ga_order=price_asc&ga_search_type=all&ga_view_type=gallery&ga_search_query=glass%20pipe&ref=sr_gallery_2). Direct from the glassblower so you save $$$  

Edit: [7$ with free shipping](https://www.etsy.com/listing/467211250/fumed-red-twisted-peanut-pipe?ga_order=price_asc&ga_search_type=all&ga_view_type=gallery&ga_search_query=glass%20pipe&ref=sr_gallery_46) 
Oooohh🍇🍇💜💜
January 1st, 2018
6 maybe 7 
2018 but the medical system is still intact so def go for that it's super easy 
Ganj is completely legal to possess in California right now. The law went into effect the night of the election.

However, legal sales of recreational ganj won't be possible until January 1 2018 - they need time to set up the rules/licensing etc.

One sort-of exception to this is that up to one ounce can be "gifted" to someone - but that is also technically not legal, as it would be categorized as "redirecting medication" since it would have to be purchased at a medical dispensary.

That being said, no cop is going to screw with you about weed unless you're being a douchebag - they have bigger fish to fry. 
I'm already tired of celebrity weed products, and it's just getting started.
I think your link is broken
With that much kief you might as well be Elon Musk, because you're going to Mars.
/r/madlads
I need this in my life. Two birds and one stoned. 
Amazing. Really happy medical is becoming more and more available to people. 
" You guys eat lunch yet ?"

LOL!
Back to back marijuana miracles.
Grandfather has Parkinson's. Will any type of weed work?
Hope Michael j fox finds some chronic and we get bttf4
This is making me really happy and really sad at the same time. It's amazing to see how much potential medical marijuana has, but it's really sad to see it not being available or replaced with chemicals in most of the world. 
This is beautiful. :)
This is fucking amazing, weed is such a magical herb
Show that the people who disagree with Mary Jane
I can't believe how quickly it worked and how calm his body became.  I hope this guy gets more.
Wow, this looks really promising. Now if only I could talk my dad into trying it for his Parkinsons. 

It just kills me how the government went out of its way to promote how bad this stuff is. For someone like my father, that could really use this, well, he would rather just try and use phara drugs, mostly due to all the BS crap that he has heard about marijuana.
cannot stand that condition nor watching someone suffering but after watching him become calm after 2-3 minutes after use is amazing!
A lot of people and smokers don't like when others call weed a miracle drug, BUT LOOK AT FUCKING THIS. If that aint the closes thing to panaceum on earth then I don't know what is
That's amazing
would this work for my dog, he has seizures about once a month
this is amazing
So amazing 
Hail Mary-Jane - Our Lord and Saviour
The junkies was probably just pretending do he can get his fix
So, Republican bullshit?
this nigga onto something
(a) gum is cheap and convenient

(b) what is mince?
Portable and in any convenience store

Unless I have no clue what mince on toast is
You wot m8
Something something dry mouth
The fuck just smoke out of a fruit 
Man i can relate, try to not use tinfoil as much as possible tho, kills your lungs.
Use an apple :)
Jeez guys, nobody is gonna die from a little bit of tinfoil once in their life. Sometimes it's all you got man
Nope never been there
I went to high school with this guy. What's sad is he is making near league minimum and he does not come from wealthy family. This is his 3rd year in league and he's had to miss almost half of it because of illness or suspensions. 
Yooo thats what im talking bout. Love me some mary j and breaking bad 
That's cool man! You make it?
https://www.leafly.com/

Type in where you are and it should have a map of dispensaries with reviews and menus with prices
Terrapin Care Station 100 percent. 

You won't find any in parker and only very expensive ones in Aurora. Terrapin is dank though. 
LOL! I GET YOU THE OTHER DAY I WAS CUTTING MY BEEF RIBS THE OPPOSITE WAY ON THE BONE 
lmao y'all are wild
Like it was rolled in sugar. Wow that's frosty. 
WAIT AMERICA HAS SOMETHING MORE LIBERAL THEN CANADA?!?!?!?!
Um Canada is nationally legalizing it spring 2017
Prison unions for sure and old, white, religious zealots.
Yes of course. In Arizona, the largest company that supplies food to prisons spent so much money voting no on the weed legalization bill here. It unfortunately worked :(
Vapes can be pretty efficient and there are some leftovers you can do stuff with.
Grav bong
Competition and the amount being produced will both go up which should eventually force the price down. 
Wouldn't there need to be a living clone...? Something (a cannibis plant) would be have to be the host to accept Genetic engineering no? Or am I way of track..
How much weed did you use for all these :p
Holy shit did you get a better picture of cone-zilla off to the right?
**#WRAPLIVESMATTER**
I dont know why but I still get nauseous smelling backwoods. I have a wrap that fell apart inside my glass jug where I keep my stuff, every time I open it my stomach feels weird.  I really liked smoking them too.  I have only tried them like 5 times the whole time I have been smoking.  Acid wraps are legit.
Damn guys, didnt realize this blew up. We smoked 6oz that weekend, 3.5 that night. It was our big summer blowout.
It's probably not a very popular opinion around here but I really dislike blunt's now that I'm older. The smell of those artificial flavors and the nasty taste of the tobacco infecting my delicious and pure marijuana is just not something I desire anymore.
Care to spare one for a budless ent?
Backwoods are some of my favorites, but it's always tricky to roll them.
All woods in the hood 
Dutches are way better than swishers in my opinion. Burns better too.
Well, there's half of Snoop's daily blunt supply. 
White owl has a newish flavor out called white peach and it is fucking great 
only two woods? :(
Paper lives dont deserve to be mentioned? :(
I bet your tounge and lips were buzzin
Should've gone straight woods 
Dude. Tuck Gang?????
I'll take those summer twist swishers thx
i bet you can't find that backwoods o.0
I love White Owl so much. Keep a look out for the Vanilla and White Peach flavors, they are fantastic.
Everything there looks tasty except for the Swishers. Backwood Boyz all the way. 
Particular strain or just a salad?
Look at that bat on the right oh christ I don't even want to think how much is in there
tf yall doin
Where did the woods go.
I like rolling with the backwoods because the leaf it uses is usually sticky making it hold all the bud better *and* it doesn't give me any lip when trying to fold over the end so it closes. But they're not $.99 for 4 like Swisher Sweets are.
knock, knock is me... open the doooooooooor!
I need someone to sit down with me and show me how to roll a backwoods. It's actually impossible to figure out. YouTube did not help.
Honey berry 😍😍
I'm more of a joint man but this is fuckin awesome. I definitely appreciate that monster cone on the side. 
All these wraps and no dutches...
Having a bit of envy here
But are there any Backwoods rolled?
Fuck. I'm late to the party. 😔you got any left for me? 
That must be a weird camera
https://media.giphy.com/media/cZw9O9i93VjXy/giphy.gif
Have fun with your lung cancer.. those things are sprayed with lots of chemicals, same as the tobacco itself. I strictly only use 100% hemp paper or glass. Mostly glass.
https://media.giphy.com/media/cZw9O9i93VjXy/giphy.gif
https://media.giphy.com/media/cZw9O9i93VjXy/giphy.gif
Final fENTasy
In short, yes. 
Portland, Oregon here. Some companies still drug test, it's up to the company, it is not allowed to be smoked at work. But obviously a drug test is still going to test positive if you only do it at home. I think it's less of a big deal now.
What makes it so holy?
This is triggering my trypophobia
Just get a mason jar. 
They not tight but they a'ight
If it's water tight, it's air tight. Submerge it in water and if it bubbles or not, you'll have your answer. But I agree with the other fellas, mason jars are the way to go for freshness
Bro ive got the Same one the comes in a two pack at Costco that has a bottom container where you can put anything in that Clips onto the bottom as well as that. I never thought of concrealing there. 

I just stick to my mason jar
Practice, practice practice. And if you have a pill bottle break up the weed with your hands a little then put a penny in the bottle and shake the shit out of it. Or a shot glass and scissors works well too
Throw a nug or two in a pill bottle with a quarter and shake it works pretty good and for rolling, keep practicing 
Eyebrow scissors 
I've never owned a grinder.  I use really sharp sewing scissors to cut my weed into tiny pieces.  If it needs to be further broken down, I use my fingers.

Rolling involves practice.  I had a hard time getting the knack of it until I learned that it was important to roll the weed back and forth in the paper(s) until it becomes a cylinder in itself.  Once I got that done, I tucked the paper around the cylinder of material and rolled it up.  As I roll it up, I often have to backtrack and re-roll some of it to make it tight.  When I finally get to the top, I lick the gum and roll it up all the way.  It takes awhile to get the hang of it.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Hey I like to do the same thing!
Haven't posted anything yet but soon!
Great beat. I know you're not looking for suggestions, but you should try going with the flow of your high and use a more of a "laid back vocal" vibe (meaning you don't need to "yell" your raps to sound like you mean it). Source this classic style: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmahmNY_OGE
I thought he was funny in Super High Me, but I don't really like his show unless he has a guest that I like
Vaporizer and a smoke buddy. Problem solved
You don't sound like the obnoxious neighbour here. Go buy some cannabis incense and burn it round the clock until they have the decency to knock on your door and tell you there's a problem.
Ona gel
I think the problem is smoking a ton all at once. My husband and I will usually smoke half a joint together, put it out for an hour or so, then spark up again. Though we usually both just have a few bowls throughout the night. 
Also, eating brings you down. Munchies are your body's way of trying to counteract the "toxin".
Another idea, maybe try indicas. I enjoy the high from them but the sleepies are sometimes heavy. 
I actually have the same problem. No matter how much I smoke it only ever seems to last like an hour at most and when I'm with friends my high is already coming down while theirs is staying strong. 
If you want the highs to last longer try edibles. Personally I just pack bowls and toke a few hits, get stoned, wait and repeat. TBH 45 mins sounds about right, idk if you're gonna feel it much longer after no matter what strain it is. 
I've heard mangos can make it longer... and while I'd normally laugh at that idea the most wrecked I've ever been was when I drank a mango smoothie while smoking. 
It does!!
this is like the shaving razor concept. go through the first few heads like a king and then the last one keeps getting reused until it starts to rust up and stain the rest of the shower
It's cuz it's resonated 
It could also be due to the fact that you get baked 70% into a blunt and everyone is just naturally taking small hits ? 
__PUT FILTERS IN YOUR BLUNTS PEOPLE. I LOVE YOU. AND LOOKING OUT FOR YOU.__ so man pros no cons and you smoke.kt equally all the way down. No roaches. Ever. 
I noticed that to and my highPothesy was that it's because the resin buildup acts as a wax and slows the burn down, it's almost like a short term savings account that you get to enjoy 
You guys are right ! Ever open a clip of a blunt or J and the weed is all nasty and goooooeeeee
The stingin' roger
Resin along with the fact that people are probably taking smaller hits in general due to a more hot hit maybe? Agreed tho
If i smoke alone, towards the end of the joint. I am faded. So i slow down, and just enjoy the high.
Its called resin / the tip getting soggy and pinched
Same with a pipe, for me. Once all the ash at the top is white, I dump some out and there's a bunch of drags left to be taken.
Oh definitely. It's always gross as fuck at the end but totally worth it ;)
I always thought so too! Stinger gang all the way
If it's rolled right 
its cause you take smaller hits
Ever heard of the Pareto principle??? It's all around us!!!!!
r/askscience
Because no one wants to burn their fingers or be the last one to hit it. 
Tar buildup.
I've noticed in my little circle when the blunt gets low, everybody goes from puff-puff-pass to just puff-pass.
That's true! 
I think it's because I'm sooo high and time slows down a lot😂😂😂
Same way with joints which to me doesnt make sence since they always have at least a slight cone shape to them
Just like my I phone 
thats called flavour country
Yuuppp. Even knowing this I get worried when one burns to fast but it always slows down.  Pretty sure it's simply due to resin, all that smoke passing through, sticky build up that slows the burn down
Not sure if it would stain, but try Gatorade, won't stain and you'll get the flavor of the Gatorade in your hits
Customgrow420 does this. Glass doesn't soak up water so your all good. And orange vitamin water in the bong is very good
What
You should post this /r/ShowerThoughts 
I strive to be this high.
A scarecrow for cars man
[removed]
r/highdeas
😂😂
This is proper as fuck
all of them?
Your best bet is to drink lots of water and do sweaty cardio every day until Friday. Be careful to not drink too much before the test because they may not count diluted urine. Good luck!
Exercise everyday with enough layers on to sweat your balls off.  Drink a fuck ton of water till the day before (urine can't be too dilute).  Start taking green tea extract and drink natural cranberry juice (both make you pee) and avoid fatty foods.  At 180lbs you would probably pass.
go to a headshop and ask for their drink to pass a drug test. It tastes like shit but it works. Its esentially just a shit ton of water and vitamins.
hahaha the flying thru space man. u sound lit fam
I like the username. 
What is it Half black? 
Ever unrolled one of these trash sticks ? 
Never 
yeah i bet you liked that mhmm you dirty little slut yeah ooh I bet 
Nice blunt but you need a new lighter ASAP 
Dude, I always dig the white lighter, it's like living life on the edge! 
that blunt looks beautiful 
Are those the double platinum wraps? 
What a fine roll.
Puff
Where did you buy that beauty
Call it Prince Rhaegar cause that is one fine dragon.
Pete
Whatever that magnificent beast from the Neverending Story was named. Or Marlin
Haha!
Haha!
A bong 
/r/chinaglass or TAG for American glass on the cheaper side
A VapCap Original for $35.

http://www.dynavap.com/product/vapcap-original/

Vaping clearly is better than smoking, and this simple device gets rave reviews. Looking forward to getting one soon.
Well if you don't have any and that's your budget then online is probably a terrible place to start because you'll be wasting money on shipping. I'd recommend going to your nearest smoke shop and buying a glass pipe and an aluminum grinder with a kief catcher. 
Need more details.  
How much space can you safely allocate? 
Come check out /r/spacebuckets!     

I'm currently growing 1 plant. It takes a lot of patience, but hopefully it will be worth it. Cost has been around ~175 for everything (soil, seeds, lights, etc). You can spend way less if stealth isnt a concern!
No probably not. That's the total content from the looks of it.
Pretty sure it's the whole package. You would have paid a shit ton for 12 50mg pieces. And iirc one edible has to be under a certain mg, not sure how many though. 
Not sure if this is the right place to ask but what is the "goal mg" amount you want to aim for in edibles?
Fuck that's beautiful homie 
Why is he assembling this perfect anti pot team??

Let's just wait until it's too late to find out.

A lot of stupid people gambling on what they want to believe is why there's so many pawn shops near casinos
> But advocates are worried that by filling the Cabinet with people like Price and Sessions, the Trump administration may not end up following through on those campaign promises.

Sums up most of these articles. Worried people expressing worry.
> In picking Congressman Tom Price (R-GA) for secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), Trump is putting a legislator who has repeatedly voted against medical cannabis amendments in command of the federal government’s health and medicine regulatory bodies.

> Advocates are already concerned about the selection of U.S. Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL), a leading anti-legalization voice in Congress, as attorney general. Together, as the heads of HHS and the Justice Department, Price and Sessions would be the two key officials to decide on petitions to reschedule marijuana under the Trump administration.
Sitting at a zero right now, driving home with Chinese food and gonna pack some lemon kush into my vaporizer and watch a movie. Happy toking frient 




P.s. girl scout cookies is in my top 5, I'm so envious 




P.s.s. [blast off!](https://imgur.com/wipl6Sh)
I guess it's called "Ice Cream" but I've never heard of it [4]
Definetly a beaver
That's your smoke spot? What are you, a squirrel?
I can't wait until I can get smacked and eat taco Bell again. Cutting weight for a tournament kills my vibe when I'm high cause all I want is a fucking dorito loco taco
They brought diablo sauce back?
I have the same helix atachment and love it so much, it can double as a one hitter too
A keef bowl will be sparked for milkyway. RIP young soul. 
I'm recently bongless too. Sucks man
"my pipe"
(8) by the way.           yer%%%%% 


SHREK IN SHOCK: DONKEY!, WHERE ARE YE DONKEEE?"

DONKEY: .............

SHREK, DESPERATE: DONKÉ! GET OUT OF ME SWAMP DONKÉ! THIS IS MY SANCTUARY DONKÉ, LEAVE!

DONKEY: ..............

"AND SO, NATURE HAS TAKEN ITS COURSE"

- Gaybraham Lincoln
Micheal Bowlton
Julie
Grover! I totally see him looking at me when I look at the pipe.
Sally
Ultimately you could just grow your own if you are concerned about things like that
Since it will be a new industry for most of the tabocco companies I feel they will employ more growers to learn from so it might all go well as if they have more growers then blue collars only the best Kush Homan be grown.
If you buy "AZO cranberry tablets" and take like 3 of them and drink a gallon of water and take 2 the next day and drink another gallon of water you can pass easily on the 3rd day. My SO used this method and passed and we smoke everyday. 
I can't personally attest to [this](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/yp7im/lets_clear_this_up_please/?client=safari), but it can't hurt to share.
I posted this in another similar post but this always works for me although the AZO technique seems interesting I'll have to try that:
I usually just lurk on here but I felt I could contribute. Now I've done all options and what I normally do is not take the chance. If this job is worth it to you get some urine off someone you know. Just be careful, Labcorps here in Az (some not all) can actually test if the urine is of male or female origin. So choose wisely lol. Go to Walmart or your local drug store and grab a pack of hand warmers. If you really wanna go super safe grab a stick on temperature sticker for fish tanks from Walmart and slap that on whatever bottle you use (I've used pill bottles as the seal works good for keeping it leak free.) Grab a couple rubber bands and keep it secure to your leg (more often than not you have to sit for a bit before being seen and don't really want to shift a lot for obvious reasons.) Now for prep, get the hand warmers going and keep them on the bottle for roughly 10-15 minutes. The temp sticker helps loads because they will deny urine under 90 F and over 100 F. Once it hits around 100-105 get your ass in the door ASAP and everything should work out fine

P.S. I had an old Korean guy legit smell my piss one time when I did a water flush for 24 hours the day before and told me to re do the test. So be careful and good luck!
Under your nuts should work. Just make sure its warm when you get in there.
One of the best ways is to sandwich it between some ground up bud in a bowl/bong.  Or if you're gonna use a blunt/joint mix it evenly and roll up!
The other night I took a base nug to just keep it from going inside my bowl and did a full bowl pack of kief. I transcended that night. 
How has no one suggested pressing it into hash? Literally the only right answer
I sprinkle it on top of a lightly packed bowl to reward myself for something.
^ best option or roll a blunt and top it off with keif 
Panda panda panda 🐼 
What's a nectar collector??
Bring me some
i am weedless :( but i just chilled all day. hope your work day was good though homie
Still working. But got some if that kush krumble. So that's nice. 

Stay toasty friENT.
Same here bud. Bowls get me the highest more than joints and blunts. And its greaaat
Personally, I get to a higher level on joints vs. bongs or pipes. 
Giving you cat bong water? Ew. 
It's about time Gravs got some love on this sub
Sharing!!
damn that's fuckin' savage!!
feel sorry for the kitty tbh
Bucket bong (as they are known in Queensland, Australia) and traditional bongs work very differently. 

A tradition bong works on filtering the smoke through the water. A bucket works on gravity. The smoke isnt filtered through the water. All that goes into the water is bits from the cone and as they are heavier than water they all fall to the bottom leaving clean water at the top. 

The smoke you get from a bucket bong is not filtered in anyway and is therefore stronger and full of taste. If you have a dirty bucket then the taste is woeful and you are not treating the pot with enough respect. - go clean that dank filthy thing out now!

Both of my cats have 2 drinking bowls inside and outside. They don't need to drink from the bucket, but they do. When I clean it out (every 2nd night) they run from where they are hiding to participate in the ritual.


Why can't cell phones be vapes?  
I'm smoking one with you, man! Have a good night haha
did you just throw a nug into the bowl
It sounds like you live in a place where combining flower and tobacco is the norm but just plain weed is what I like 
It's completely up to you! I personally love to roll my J's with a bit of tobacco, but it's certainly not necessary. Maybe try both and see which you prefer? 
All forms of Pepper matter, brother
I'm sure it's common, teens have been buying from the black market forever.  Providing someone under 21 with marijuana is a felony in most if not all legal states, so that has gotten more severe.
nope! here in America all teens wait until 21 to smoke and drink.
I'm sure.  Minors get people to buy cigarettes and beer all the time.  Why not trees?  
Order it to his state from an online shop?
Plenty of people have no problem making up names for unknown weed. 
No but I heard if I ride the magic school bus I can find myself in a new imagination 
The Magic bus, I like it, I like it...
Haha that's just a lamp shade.

How quickly do you think it will be after you die that somebody thinks about you for the last time in the rest of the existence of the universe?
Well, it looks pretty. Not the prettiest thing ever, but pretty.
Why can't it be both?
Both
I have about 6 different Phillips Hue wireless lights in my pad. Different colors everywhere and ambiance, they are awesome 
Bit of both tbh
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. 
[removed]
both!
[deleted]
Wait why is it 50% off 😂
Make sure to tip in weed! 🍍✌️💚
Its driving me crazy that im too broke to get a pizza. :/
https://www.amazon.com/WaterPuff-Portable-Instant-Waterpipe-Yellow/dp/B00SOTG2BK
Look like a green inhaler kind of? 
I don't think there's a single plug in vape that won't make a room smell like vaped nug. They just make way too much vapor for that. Best one I've ever used was the plenty, it smelled a bit but not much more than a big portable vape. Plus it's only 75 bucks more expensive than the pax 2 and you could probably find some deal still hanging around from cyber monday or one since xmas is coming up
/r/vaporents would be a good place to look
The Pax 3 came out a little bit ago. Go check it out. It can be used for concentrates now, as well as herb.
I have the arizer extreme q. Comparable to the volcano but for a fraction of the price. It actually has more features as well. Couldn't be happier with it.
The correct word for it is "dime bag".  Unlike buying weight, a dub or a dime bag is whatever $20 or $10 will buy you. 
Nice man
Happy smoking my frient 🤘🏼
That looks like nowhere near 8.5. Probably cuz I'm on my small phone and stuff. Enjoy, nonetheless! 
DAMN that would get you 15 of good bud here in Canada 
Where in Germany do you live? You get at least 11g for 100€ in northern Germany
onions son.
Message me if you see this I sent you one already 
When i was high i reevaluated the way i treated people for the better!!! 

Holding a freshly cleaned pipe feels a dozen times better than getting a new one
And maybe some pants; you look cold. #gooseflesh
I love the colours in the pipe. It's like an ethereal jellyfish
Jesus Christ. The comments in this thread sobered me up. Screw you all.  
That's a cute pipe. I like your nail color as well! Very dainty and pretty.

Also, this thread perpetuates every reason why I never include any part of my body in photos of my pieces on r/trees. A girl posting on a weed sub forum? Gotta be doing it for attention. Let's make fun of her instead! That'll teach her!

Check out r/entwives, OP. I think you'll like the community there. :)
What the hell is with this thread? Someone posts a picture of their nice clean pipe and all anyone seems to be doing is criticising their fingernails, pants, and floor? So absurd.

Your nails look fine, your pipe is cute, and pants are lame.
Thigh high socks and knee high boots. I like your style. 
It must suck to be a girl on the internet. This sub is always the best for comments. Its never "wow shes hot!" or whatever it is people put. Its usually "nice pipe!" but since its a girl people freak out. Im glad but sad I can post a picture with my legs in it and not get shit for it. Sorry yo
I thought you were sitting on the toilet.
r/UpvotedBecauseGirl
We welcome you over at r/entwives , a little less troll-y over there 😌💕
When your nails match your bowl
Fuck the haters! Toke on! 😊
Sick pipe BTW!
Seeing how much attention your nails are getting, I'd like to take this moment to invite you to both r/redditlaqueristas as well as r/laquerENTstas (I'm at like a solid [6] right now and it took me three tries to get that second one spelled right)
your nails looks like the pink inside the glass
That's a cute pipe. I like your nail color as well! Very dainty and pretty.

Also, this thread perpetuates every reason why I never include any part of my body in photos of my pieces on r/trees. A girl posting on a weed sub forum? Gotta be doing it for attention. Let's make fun of her instead! That'll teach her!

Check out r/entwives, OP. I think you'll like the community there. :)
What method did you use to clean it? Isopropyl and salt in a baggy overnight? 

I need to clean my bowl which is about the same shape and size as that.

Well done, looks nice and fresh. 
Good job! That looks difficult to clean. Very pretty though. 
Nice.. pipe? Is that what you call it? I don't smoke. What's the difference between smoking it like that and "rolling" it?
I like em a little dirty personally. It adds character, you know?
Id like to PayPal you 25 dollars for a set of new nails 😉
Ooh she's pretty what's her name? 
Very pretty, gorgeous nails 
oooooooh
Paging /u/only_says_Nice_Legs
Ok I've seen who knows how many people mocking this post. Some in good humor, some not so much. Not to mention the amount of assholes commenting on things that aren't the focus of the picture. I'm a stoner so all I see when I saw this originally is something I want to smoke. And yes, she is very pretty when clean. Keep on tokin.
cheers :)
I was the 420th upvote!
A clean piece is a mean piece ;)
Damn! This shit blew up! Haha your karma has never been more grateful for "bad" nails and no pants! 
Did you get this pipe in MN? Looks a lot like Louis LaPierre's style. If it is, his name is probably etched on there somewhere. 
Ihad a clear pipe and after one bowl it looks like a crack pipe :( it looks so nice clean tho. 
In case there are any ballers here, if you like this pipe go check out Maka b on Instagram and some other sites, dude is a fume master
How in the blue hell did you get that shape to your thumbnail? I mean, the pipe is nice and all but damn how did you get that wicked point?
Maybe clean the floor a little bit../s
fix ur fuckin nails gawdamn
I'm not great with anatomy but I am pretty sure that's a he.
My OCD requires that I inform you that piece is certainly not clean. Cool? Yes. Clean? Nope. 

Time to go clean my already clean pipe... again. :( 
[deleted]
[removed]
I was hoping this would turn into a NSFW post...
"clean"
Oh I love sucking dick pipe lallll
Meh...in July there was an article that described how thc can dissolve alzheimers plaques in the brain. 

Next thing they will say cigarettes will kill you. Stupid science!
Study concluding certain cannabinoids help fight Alzheimer's: 

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3942876/
How do you like that style of nail? I almost bought one yesterday but bought a titanium one instead.
The quartz nails I think u get a way better taste out of then the titanium 
Some of you may say, that shatter looks quite dark there. Well, you'd be right and wrong. It's a thick slab, so it'll definitely look darker for sure. But also, the oil is a bit darker, but they still dab great. This place also has some INCREDIBLE quality light amber amazingness for 3/100, which i was super tempted to go for, alas quantity overtook me. Next time, i'll be getting three grams of that top shelf extract and i'll post again then. I'm so happy with this new place, my previous place had 45 a g delivered, and it was poop soup. No more poop! No more soup! Have a good day folks. 
G502 represent
Not much really, I'm just a lot more lax now and I don't have any "getting caught" anxiety. I live in California. 
I lived in Colorado when it was legalized, absolutely nothing changed. I didn't smoke more or less because of it. I just didn't have to worry about getting in trouble. 
I'm in Colorado. I smoked a few times in high school when it was still illegal. Didn't really care for it, stopped doing it. I voted to legalize it even though I didn't use it because I liked the idea of one day being able to use it if I wanted to and also because I have always known it has great medicinal benefits to people that need it. 

A year ago my wife and I went through a really rough patch that almost ended our marriage. We started to work things out and everything was going alright, but nothing seemed to improve. So back in May I decided to see if smoking helped with my anxiety and anger and other problems. I smoked about once a month all summer. Then one night in August I decided to smoke consistently, and I've smoked a bowl every single night since then. 

Smoking has helped me be more mindful of others, and show love and care for my family. I've become a more present and determined father for my son. I've been a helpful and loving husband to my wife. I've rededicated myself to my education and have started the path of going for a PhD one day after not being in school for a couple of years. I've completely repaired my relationships with my in-laws and even expanded them. I've overhauled my diet and that of my family too and I am healthier than I've ever been in my life. Overall, my life has gotten vastly better since I've started smoking weed consistently. 

That's not to say that it's a miracle drug that everyone should live by. It just helped me prioritize things better and helped me get past the walls I had put up because of anxiety. It's helped me cope with everyday life like nothing ever has. It worked for me because it helped me tap back into my determination to have a great life. 

All of this is because of legalization. It's incredibly easy to access, relatively cheap, and not nearly as taboo anymore. I can't wait to see it become federally legal, as I think it can help a lot of people like myself. 
Personal protective equipment? Worker forgets his normal stuff and is forced to wear the pink set? He won't soon forget.....
I should make a bright pink something for people who forget to pitch or bring their pipes maybe a pink loaner
I like pink but this is the worst kind of pink
lmao i like to think op took this picture of some random worker. The way he looks at him in the 2nd picture ahHAA!
Anyone know how I can just post a direct link to the video and not the tweet?
Its beautiful
I've always used the alcohol and salt trick
This is what I do too, works real good exept it's hard to get that smell and stickiness out..
Whered you get the black steering wheel emblem?
Da fuq is dat?
My local headship tried Turing me on to one he said it was his favorite piece he used almost daily. 
What is it and where can I get one!?
Nah you had yo chance nigga im lightin this up
Sounds gross, that shit is gonna reek. It also takes about 2 or 3 weeks depending on the amount of alcohol.
Absolutely. If I smoke too much, I can't see my way out. The thing that works for me is regular cardiovascular exercise, and only smoking in the evenings.
Go for it you'll prolly feel better. Or the same I wouldn't know
This is very much dependent on your individual temperament. Some people can smoke consistently as an antidepressant, some get down after being high once. If you're happy with your consumption and it isn't getting in the way of life, keep right on tokin'.
Depends from person to person, but from my experience yes. 
/r/leaves ?
Good luck OP! I'm currently starting a tolerance break myself. I've found the substance kratom really helps me (I have bad anxiety and back pain). Staying occupied with friends and outings is very beneficial as well. I wish you the best!
I think you're referring to the fact that all life as we know it is carbon-based (I think), whereas life on other planets may be sulfate based or something. Totally possible and likely. This makes me wonder why scientists only look for carbon-based life and water.
I think everything that happens in the world is a chemical reaction. We all are complex organic compounds. Does anyone else think that way? 
Nice catch
safety first, man. go you
lucky you! weed actually triggers my acid reflux and heart burn :(
you as well!!! im pickin up medicine today from my dispensary i shall toke to your safety!!
I'm so devastated by what's happening. I don't live there but live a few hours away and honestly the whole town is one of my personal favorite spots to get away. I really hope everyone makes it out alright. I hope the town is able to recover and get back on it's feet after this. I feel so bad for all the people who have lost their homes. I've been visiting for close to 30 years, such a beautiful place and all the videos I have seen make it look like a warzone. :(
Keeping you guys in our thoughts up here in Cumberland Gap. I hope they get the fires out soon.
Ngl that room looks like a dope setup. Wish I could just smoke in mine freely, I'd invest in a really nice bong if I could
this looks like paradise to me! weed, puppies and comfy couches :) 
Hahah... I think your dogs want a turn... don't be a game hog!
Aw they're both sitting the same way so nicely.
How the fuck did you eat those dogs to pose for the picture haha. It looks like they want some bud
Bruh do you live in the south?
I actually do the same with a couple of cats and borderlans 2 love me those rainy days :)
Ahh the classic cinder block entertainment center. Also love me some portal 1 or 2.
I love every aspect of this picture 🐶🌲🎮
Dude you've got to get rid of that lighter
r/namflashbacks for the one on the left
Are you from MN? It's been raining all morning in the twin cities  
That looks sooo comfy.
They look like good dogs
Portal with a gamepad just doesn't seem right. Good luck doing those fast shots or trick shots.
nice
Upvote for the border collie!
I have that same tray and you must have food in your hands.  The look on your dog faces lol.
When I first read this I thought you meant your dogs were named Trees and Portal 2. I don't know things, grammar included.
Very jealous. 
can i ask what breed those puppies are?

What breeds?? Puppy on the right looks just my rescue! 
Those are some well heckin behaved puppers you got there 👌 [8]
Lovely pups you have there!
Cant wait to have à home with à TV, dog, weed,
Dogs obv not buying the cake is a lie.
Man your dogs are smiling!
Look at those well trained furry frents
I see no dogs!  Only two goofs! 
Team Tight-Vac!
I hate when my dogs just look at me like that. You can tell they are judging or dust asking for something.
Jealous, looks really relaxing 
Toke on brother, 420 peace and love 
Dogs, bud and Portal... Among my favorite things.
What are you playing portal 2 on?! I want them to remaster it for PS4 and make a new portal 3! Such a good game! 
[Nugs Bunny](http://i.imgur.com/E99CjAt.jpg)
Buds bunny?

Edit: little late to the party on that one
buds bunny
This looks like a heart but it looks more like a bunny 
Is that weed? [7]
my mom has some shit that looks like this and always thought it looked like weed too
[8] nah dude... It tastes like burning.......









 HARE! 
some nice trichs.
I wanna know what that shit really is, I need some of those for my house for obvious raisins. 
Quality post haha
That is honestly terrifying
I dare you to try and roll that thing into a blunt
Is that thing made to look like a nug or am I just really baked [8]
That's that dank chia pet shit 
Drugs bunny
SMOKE DAT BITCH!!!
IDK about you but that is very much not a rex probably a stegosaurus 
More of a brachiosaurus but with cool spikes on his back.
A treeaunasaurus!
thats little foots mom.. before she.. u know....
Hnnng
>This shit is stupid

I'll take it if you don't want it. :P
Looks as if you could get baked from just biting it [8]
So fucking jealous 
Insane...
That shit looks amazing.
Wow. Looks so ridiculously frosty. I'm envious. 
Thanks for helping triple my karma in an hour btw guys. Lmao
You think? 
Frosty as fuck
Almost looks like a dense wasabi ball.
Holy Snoop Dogs Roach
I'd do anything for that 
Damn, that kief stuck to your fingers looks ridiculous. Reminds me of a while back I had some of the stickiest ickiest bud ever and I was breaking it up/ bagging some up and by the time I finished I had a coating of kief/THC on my fingertips that took multiple washes to get off. I joked to my friends about how I could've scraped it up and dabbed it, but I actually could have done that.
"A bit keify" understatement of the century
Oh wow. 
oh my....
I have the *most natural* boner right now.
did you buy this or grow it. looks heavenly
Do you know what strains parent it?
Definitely got a bit kiefy lmAo
Budgasm.
70% sure I just got a contact from looking at this
If that is a sharpstone, we have the same grinder. I hope you love yours as much as I love mine. 
I have the '420' new balance 🔥 
So white
Lemon Haze and Super Lemon Haze are my two favorite strains. My guy has Super right now and everyone around here is obsessed with it (illegal state) [5]. The high is incredible and the taste and smell can't be beat imo
Where can I buy one of these?
Quick! Give him a chocolate bar!
I thought you drew eyes on your legs and used a fisheye lense lolol 
Patrick: Which one of you flat foots took my lollipop. 
SpongeBob and officers: *explosive laughter*
(Laughter dies off)
Patrick: I mean it. 
I used to have one of those things that you squeeze to relieve stress. It was a nose about that color, size, and shape if you were looking at it from behind (minus the arms and pants. I wish my nose had arms and pants)
I think yore reading those eyes wrong
I work at an automotive shop with a lot of moving parts and machines and just danger all around. With that said I started smoking way way before I ever even thought of having this job. I smoke at least once day if not twice and I feel as if I'm more focused while on Mary J. I have that "oh shit I can't fuck this up" mentality and it usually works out pretty good. Granted I really don't come into work high a whole lot but when I do it's usually not bad at all. It really just depends on how comfortable you are at the job and what not. But this is just my opinion. I'm not a professional lmao. 
I smoke 2x day at work and work with construction equipment for 15+ years. My crew wont even talk to me until ive had my spinach breakfast. I dont know how to circular saw without.. But really depends on the person, ive had guys that can't safely turn a screwdriver high.
Exact opposite. Once I finished my time in the Army I completely quit drinking and only smoke now. To each their own. 
Nope cause I don't enjoy drinking that much not the taste i like my liver and able to drive and what not when needed if I'm drunk and called into work then I cannot go in if I'm absolutely needed there 
The fact that you just turned 21 is skewing your perspective. Enjoy those years ahead of you, but keep in mind alcohol is a poison and I think quite a few of us here aren't fans of the substance.
Hit up a nearby head shop!
glass blower b wilson
Dhgate has ones like that jist search up glass bowls
[deleted]
Crazy to think that no one else experiences life the same way as anyone else. I'd like to spend a day in literally anyone else's shoes and see all the differences. [4]
looking at this on a laptop, and your arm looks like a dick in the thumbnails if you dont focus on the pic.
<3 stay positive homie
Pooooooollllll gggguuuuuuyyyy!
I wish i could afford 2 blunts all the time lol. Im blazed all the time with my mflb tho. Im craving chocolate milk now 
Very true. Most pronounced when dealing with people who suffer from mental illness. Especially when you can't see it. Be kind to one another. 
whats up with this cross-blunt-thing?
Sounds like itachi or something
That's the way I like to think about it, that everybody's reality is different because everyone perceives things differently. Definitely helps me in times of anger or frustration. Have a good night pool guy, stay lifted frient.
Dude, it always comes down to this simple fact; It's something I always say, a quote of mine: People are different. 
That just wrecked me [9]
Than* and no shit
"Oh shit, he's got it!'

Hahahaha I'm dying, well played fox.
http://imgur.com/ixdH5mA
swiper no swiping. smh
That boi ran 😂😂
LOL if the guy hadn't screamed the fox might not have taken off like that! So great.
[Crow stealing a joint](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJjBDGg-LRE&feature=youtu.be&t=35s)
Boi he ran! 😂😂
Damn son ! Get that mfer!
I mean, he offered it to him. What did he expect, lmao.
Think about it: animals and marijuana have co-existed for thousands of years, they must have passed down the instinct for it - like you don't think this fox knew what it was doin???
Running boi! 😂😂
[removed]
20XX is here
The first time I've ever seen Swiper succeed. 
Just a reminder that aside from taking blunts, wild foxes may give rabies. You shouldn't put your hand near their mouth, or encourage their mouth to come near your hand.
boi ran outta there 😂😂
Stupid like a fox
Some super chronic! Enjoy and smoke one for me man.
I always get giddy when I see CBD get love.
So that's about 1/3 cannabinoids.  I feel we're approaching the upper limit of how much THC we can pack into a bud.  There has to be room for some cellulose & other stuff to hold it all together...
Reminds me of my favorite strain I've ever had, blue nightmare. 
I could make myself a solid fluffernutter with that fluffyness
i've had a strain called white nightmare but it was 20.65% THC and 0.02% CBD.... 

The highest THC i've had is what I normally get every time which is Platinum OG but thats only 25... I can't wait to get my hands across this *drooling*
i really like that ratio.
I want to make cookies with it [8]
Where would one go to get this strain? It looks so scrumptious!
indica or sativa?
Scrum-diddily-umptious!
What's the mix? GSC and.. 
Wow. Looks so tasty. Enjoy that. 
Looks delicious.
By the way, I love the username.
It's been a good while since i've held bud that frosty. Enjoy!
27% THC...percent of what? Total cannabinoids? Not by weight for sure.
Good numbers!
How does it taste? 
Actually a good photo! Enjoy, OP, you lucky shunovabitch
With a quality photo like this I just imagine the day weed got legal for you, you woke up that day and said "you know what,  I'm gonna remember this day" and decided to get a professional photographer take this for you :p
I want to post something like this when I smoke legally for the first time. I haven't shown my face for that vary reason. Let's make it happen frients. 👍
I have the same flannel, that's pretty neat
legally? dude you look 16 with that beard have an updoot.
You look like Bo Burnham, bro. Great photo!
Unless you were on private property, smoking outside is still illegal lol
Adorable 😍
Now go shave that stuff off your face.
The Dank Knight.
Batty Boy. Fuck I'm high
Budman
I found my man yesterday, **Double Blunt Trauma**👊😏
Mr. eats ass for a living
Quite the opposite. All colors seem so much more vivid and "amplified." The only times my vision would "decline" would be when I get really baked off a heavy indica and my eyes are shut and I'm drifting 
Yeah, I kinda get this effect, it makes getting high and playing video games less awesome
I have like a super vision almost haha I can see forever and all things are perfectly HD
Yup. I haven't had an eye exam for 10+ years (20/20, slight astigmatism) and I'm starting to notice some visual decline... which seems to be much more frequent and pronounced when flyin'
Give it up until you are on your own....
I recently purchased an alcohol based liquid to make my own e-liquid. I am very excited because I have never had luck with vaporizers, and I've owned multiple. I've read that vaporizers often have issues heating up enough to properly vaporize and will instead waste the product. Might be the case for me.
Is [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/5ffqpd/wax_liquidizer/?ref=search_posts) what you're thinking of?
Agree 100%.  I used to smoke twice a week or so for a couple of years and life was amazing.  Starting smoking everyday for a couple of years and it slowly started to suck.  Cheers to today being three days off (my first break in 2.5 yrs) and going back to smoking moderately.
Damn I should really invest in a class crutch.  Peeps at /r/artofrolling would like this.  Maybe subscribe if you roll often.
The three hook bras are just for better support and comfort in my opinion and also for those who have larger breasts. 
what else should we put in vending machines? i vote popsicles
If you're a regular smoker, you'll be fine.  
One gram of weed ( if the weed is tested at 18 %THC ) would be 180mg of THC.

33mg edible does nothing for me. 100mg or more.


When I used to take edibles regularly, my ideal dose was 40mg at 5'11 190 lbs and that would keep me at between an [8] and a [5] for an evening. I was usually high from around 6 AM to noon and then from around 2:00 to 6 PM on days I wasn't taking the edible and on edible days I would skip the afternoon tokes. 33mg should be plenty if you're only a 3x/week smoker.
Been there too many times bro. 
Come on guys, commenting about how bad tinfoil is isn't gonna suddenly make a bong appear for OP
No no nooooooo
So. Many. Carcinogens..😷😵
Tinfoil AND plastic 😷
Noice. Make sure your remote controls aren't in the fridge and your milk isn't on TV stand.
You forgot the whipped cream noooo
Get on that pie, bro.
We've all been there buds. 

Keep water or something like kool-aid on hand! 
Strongest edible I ever ate was from a shop in San Francisco on mission street, I zonked out in the back seat from the Golden Gate Bridge all the way to Reno Nevada. 
Buddy [10] is zonked.
Rip he dead, gone too soon 😭
Been there before lolol
I like how he's still ready to get in on rotation.
i like the way he is holding his hand
For a second i thought this was me me and OP bud look the same 
Ass brownie
Here in an illegal state, you'd probably get the 2 nugs in the bottom corner 
Total weight was 8 grams for $20 can , 20 Canadian Dollar equals
14.90 US Dollar , about $1.80 usd a gram
shaking my goddamn head....fuck you bible belt & all who voted for the backwards laws that were only created to benefit the prison & pharmaceutical industries. 
Edmonton checking in.
got damn. looks like there's more than one reason to move to Canada now that Trump is elected lmao. 
Well if this was à thing, every week i'd buy à 20$ pouch just so after à good meal watching TV, smoking à delighfull joint to chill with a girl.

Too bad if i do that i will go to prison with à fee acording to my country. Sadly some people forbid me to smoke a plant to relax
<3 Vancouver
Man I miss Canada so much can't wait to chill with my Canadients again :)
Proud to be Canadian :)
You must be in BC. Cant get those prices in Ontario!
Do you know anything about his grow? He must have multiple fields and fresh water?
bc bud?
Canada represENT! 🇨🇦 
I have my med card in CO and even I'm jelly. I do love having everyday access to hash and edibles though!
I'll mail you $100 send me back whatever that buys
I may be moving to BC and have been curious about how easy it is to get medical marijuana there. Or is this recreational?
Fuck off
So when is selling legal in Canada?
Fuck. That's insane. Fl is the fuckin worst. 😑
Because it's hits were that damn smooth
I almost just dropped the lighter in the bowl? Why would I do that
Does it taste funny? I've got a glass bong with a rubber bottom and you can taste the rubberyness😣 
Added bonus - you can have sex with it afterwards.
FYI Silicone melting point is 300C (572F) so the bowl has to be metal or glass I suppose.
I like the idea of holding the lighter up to the bong as shown. Very... intriguing  [7]
Dude silicone bongs are amazing
yo /u/ginelectonica i've always wondered, have you noticed any weird taste or anything else thats different about this bong cus of what its made of? They seem chill cus I have a homie who breaks his pieces like once a month and i wanna get him one of this indestructi-bongs 
Where did you get yours? What brand? Looks dope.
Wow, misleading thumbnail. I thought you were at a basketball game hitting your bong. lol
Ive heard that the resin can permanently stain the silicone. Anyone know if there is truth to this?
Have a roll-uh-bowl portable silicone pipe. Have had it for over a year now and use it daily. Love them! Nice piece ent!! 
"That's not a bong. That's for my shlong."
If you ever feel like upgrading check out the jet Waterpipe. It's nearly indestructible like this one and has a lifetime warranty. Oh and it also has a perc on it that's equivalent to a 5 chamber bong. I fuckin love mine. 
Is silicone safe to smoke out of? And if it is how do you go about cleaning it?
I just ordered one these tonight.

http://aqualabtechnologies.com/bongs-water-pipes/bongs/silicone-bongs/eyce-molds-silicone-dab-rig.html

I can not wait to try it!

They are having a sale right now, it seems pretty awesome.
In a few years it seems like silicon will be just as popular as glass or acrylic or even metal. It will be a staple of head-shops. Ive ripped off of a couple of my BUDS silicon pieces and I am HIGHLY impressed.
Yooo the bowl is dope, did you order it online? 
What Bowl is that and where can i purchase one similar? 
I really want to get one of these so I can take it camping and have (less) worry about breaking my piece.  Maybe it'll be my Christmas gift to myself.  ;)
Yooo, I have this same piece but in green and it glows in the dark! 
I just picked up my own silicon bong and I love it. It is my favorite piece I've ever had and my great purchase ever. 
i have your pyjamas
This picture looks like a kid holding a bong to me... like a 12 -16 year old..
I don't know if I'd want to smoke out of a fleshlight. But hey, to each his own. 
I'm afraid of these things. That bowl is def from DHgate so I assume the bong is also. I have no idea where the bigger brands sold in the US are sourcing there stuff but I'm def not smoking out of DHgate silicone. 
[deleted]
You didn't decarb second batch. That's the problem. 
For edibles, I'd say you should simmer it in butter for longer, low heat and in a double boiler. Go for like 4-6 hours. Then put it through cheese cloth into a bowl of water. Toss the bowl into the fridge over night, and the butter will rise to the top and solidify.




Best bang for you buck is vaping by far. Vaping weed decarbs it for you, it burns at a lower heat which is better for your lungs and gently cooks the weed into delicious decarbed weed. You get more thc through vaping, and you get weed back for eating or smoking. You can also smoke the reclaim
With or without finger tips?  
Get a grinder resolve all your problems and collect keif while youre at it 
!
The purple makes it so pretty.
i have a 4 runner too!
I too love to pack bowls in my 4Runner. That sneaky fold out tray is pretty good for rolling up too 
Full hearts 0/2 Lonely and dankruot
head shop should do a spoof on kay jewelers advertisement with this
Hardy.
That is just beautifull
I love my grinder. Keef in the bank, instead of on your fingers. You cannot lose.
It's a beautiful thing.

I recently ended my dankruptcy and that full grinder was a glorious sight.
Mmmmm I can smell it from here. Cheers!
Don't smoke and drive :)
I have that grinder. His name is Hank.
What kinda shot
If you can produce a coherent beat while high, you're not high enough!
Just volunteer to do the beat boxing instead of rapping.
My friends in high school did this and they still do but I was never good at being lyrical verbally. So, I always just kept smoking while they rapped and I would get higher and have entertainment and judge the battles and stuff. I have bad anxiety too so I get that part of it pretty well
If it's just a saliva test, 2 days max. If your getting a piss test then I would say give yourself atleast 2 weeks. Try and do cardio and drink lots of water too before your drug test because that will help detox even quicker 
28-40 days as a general rule - check out your local smokeshop - they usually have detox kits - just don't tell them it's for a test or they get testy 
Depends on your diet, exercise and amount of liquids you intake. It usually takes 30-45 days for the average person to detox with minimal effort. 
Use a screen?
What bubbler? Just grind it lol
Wait what do you usually use m8
Hit it lightly? 
Buy a screen yo
Search up instructions on how to access the dark web / deep web . Then get a P.O box to order shit to. NEVER order it to your house 
After placing your order, be sure to memorize your lawyer's phone number because there's a chance the PoPo/FBI will be coming for you.  Mailing marijuana to a non-legal state is a felony both Federally and on the State level.
It's okay. I know a dude who gets shit mailed to him all the time. Have you ever heard of anyone getting caught for mailing concentrates? Especially if the business vac-seals and does the rigamarole. Same as for vehicular transport. Fuck I rode a bus for 3 days one way with a duffel bag of weight once. Vac seal and rubbing alcohol. And a LOT of Netflix. Even smoked a doob with 2 other dudes I met on said bus trip. 
Holy shit that is beautiful. 
I never thought id get turned on by a plant 
Strain?
So pretty :)
Fucken gorgeous !
I like it. 
It's Sativa right?!
Waste 
5:06
Im pretty good.  Im at a SOLID 6.  FULL on body stone.  Gonna go vape some GG#4.  
Ill edit it into this in a bit.  
Also, was playing some Heros and Generals not the best, but free!
How are you feeling boss?
So out of 26000 patients with treatment resistant issues (probably dementia), 1000 of them were pot smokers and these scans were compared to healthy controls? this is not science. this is stupid. 
Anyone know the title of the academic paper this is article is citing?
Can you be my dad?
That's awesome. I wish my parents smoked. Would've made my teenage years a lot more tolerable. 
How old are your children and just for an idea what age do you think is appropriate for kids to start smoking?
I aspire to be that parent one day
My parents are getting there. They are finally accepting the fact that we smoke. Ill go to a friends house and my mom will say something like, "make sure you're not too high to drive home". 

My younger sister smoked with my mom when they went on vacation once.

stepping stones.
I'm curious as to why you twisted both ends.
So much respect! Parents smoking weed with kids should not be seen as a bad thing. Damn I respect you do this. High as you read this actually. 
use tips
My dad and I smoke together just about every week, and our favorite holiday tradition is blazing out and having Star Wars marathons. I know we're luckier than most but it's a great feeling.
You're clean pee in any sort of bag contraption will not work. If they only do an instant panel screen (pee in the cup and set it on the side and look for the lines) she may come up clean, but if they lab test the sample there are certain hormones specific to male and female urine that come up. If the sample collected was from a female and the urine comes up as a male sample she could have some issues. I'm speaking on this having prior knowledge and experience working in drug and alcohol rehabilitation centers.

EDIT: there also bottles of unisex fake urine that oh can purchase at local head shops, and your lady can incubate the liquid in the jail wallet.
[deleted]
Just pee in  ziploc bag A,buy a pair of hand/foot warmers (usually around 1$ at walmart) activate them and place in Ziploc bag B. Now place bag A inside of bag B . Then as a guy I just wear cargo shorts and put the bag in my pocket. She could do the same or use a purse 
Paronoia isn't always present, it just the term used to define being uncomfortable, anxious, scared, etc. You can't have paranoia, because it doesn't become paranoia is more of a reactive state, not an emotion.
I will check back to see whAt y'all think.
You should defiantly go research this and look into it, before i start munching dandelion roots
Its possible dandelion root potentiates weed but there are probably other reasons you feel higher
Is there a point to removing excess water? since you know the body does that already
nah, the root likely dehydrates you and you get higher as there is less water in your body to absorb the thc from smoking still a great idea though
I never thought I'd see an Argentinian news on this sub. It's great news but we still have a long way to go.

I love seeing this flood of legalization happening, it's not gonna be too long until we see an end to prohibition in most of the world. 
Best I've ever had was a Santa Cruz shredder. The different chambers are for grinding, the main nugs, and kief tray on the bottom
Space case!
[removed]
How much are you paying a gram? I would never pay more than $170 and that's a lot depends where u live 
200-220 for an ounce is alright. You're not getting ripped off at all though so if you do it don't worry because I've paid like 240$ for an ounce once. 
sounds about right where I am
Depends on if you live in a legal state or not. 
Here in South fl thats not the worst price but not the best. It better be  good quality that's all. 
If you are paying 10$ per gram you are only saving $60. Not that good of a deal but you didn't mention location
i'm in an illegal state and i buy my ounces for $180 and would never go over $200
Sorry if there are a shit ton of grammatical errors. I am pretty stoned and wrote this via voice to text. 
What is your favorite blunt wrap to use then?
In my opinion, it's not going to stop at this point. If they raid a dispensary, 2 more will pop up in its place. There will always be people willing to take the risk.

Plus, they do have limited resources even though their spending seems pretty much unlimited. They can't possibly raid *every* dispensary in *every* state.

Lastly, the public's opinion on marijuana is favorable, not to mention all the people who now have jobs in the industry. Actively fighting legal cannabis will upset at least 60% of the country, and hopefully they are aware of that.
The more you tighten you grip around the states, the more states will slip through your fingers 
 weed is far to accepted today. any move against it would basically be suicide for them
When I went to Ireland back in June/July, I saw the green cross of the Pharmacies all over the place. I thought the first one I saw was a dispensary and got excited. Good luck! 
Isnt it legalized?
If Canada successfully legalizes next year, it's going to rock the whole Anglosphere.
Too bad the irish still got that massive problem with the militant republicans to sort out.. Very few people in the public sphere outside of ireland are aware of the active terrorist networks.
Chill yo, just call him out
Picture??
Yeah the stems add weight to the scale but are (obviously) not flower so I'd take the stems, weigh then separately to see how much you got ripped off and if it's a significant amount I'd confront him about it and find a new dealer
Sorry for the repost
No
Nope
Not yet
Nope
Hey, glad to see you taking an interest in concentrates.
Wax for the most part is safe IMO and thankfully in the day and age we live in, chances are you get to look at your concentrate before you purchase, even if you are in an illegal state. Most cases are you can generally look at your concentrate and you can actively tell what is good oil and what is bad oil. 
I will warn you however that wax undeniable tastes better than flower, and that as drawn from my own experiences, you could totally have withdrawals or withdraw-like symptoms from smoking copious amounts of wax. Harm wise, I have always heard that  wax is worse for your lungs when compared to bud, so there's that.

Hey for all you wax heads out there like myself, do you find that smoking bud gets you more "high" than smoking concentrates? I should also add that my products are usually medical so relatively high quality. Just something that found out recently for myself. 

Personally, I've never had a problem with something bad added to it. Consistency is a big problem though. They're not always mixed well so you have to be cautious of how much you have. I've had some oil where 1/3 of it was significantly stronger than the other 2/3.

Edit: Good to know who/where it's coming from too. 
Depends on where and who you get it  from. What it looks like is the biggest indicator that something might be up. Try and stay away from stuff thats so green its black. Also if it has a oil consistency it should not look creamy. If you think there is to much butane. Just heat up your nail and put a little bit on there if it snap-crackle-pops don't do it. Also when it catches fire on the nail its bunk wax.

Sorry about my words and stuff. 
Ha smoked a joint in your 4:20 timezone, nice! (10:20pm)[8]
Thanks
Happy tree friends
https://youtu.be/q2fIWB8o-bs

Kaleidoskope visuals. This one's my favorite 
Well for me i feel like im watching my body from the outside. My mind is in a state of euphoria and food tastes 100x better and music sounds very nice. Also everything overall is just better and full of happiness and butterflies :)
Hungry, happy, sleepy.... That's the side effects 
That looks like it's about $20-30 
I think it's worth noting I'm iin a illegal state.
Rosin is way better than shatter I'd pay the extra 15 for it.

Those prices tho I was getting it 35 a gram and shatter for 25, legal state mind you 
I would highly encourage you not to pay that . 60 for shatter is even dumb. I'd get what your friends are getting
That's some shitty looking rosin, every time I've made rosin (that turned out good) it was shat 
Dude rip off even before it became legal here in Washington I was still buying oil for $25-40 a gram 
Decarb, melt into coconut oil, add soy lechitin and bake. Figure 80% strength dabs would be about 800mg thc per gram. One gram would make one nice  batch of brownies.

This is overly simplified,  you can find more detailed recipes of you look for them. 
It works quite well actually. Be careful though one gram of good bho will make you between 5-7 dozen brownies with each having approx 10mg thc each serving. Word of the wise is to not heat your oil too much and slowly dissolve the dabs(as it may be difficult to dissolve it as one chunk).  
Was it the box? I'm sorry man. Good Vibes from Texas. 
Positive vibes from Texas, again. I lost my friend of 23 years to suicide this past Christmas. I am sorry for your loss. It gets easier but it takes time. 
Wow, im so sorry to hear about this, I read that post when I saw it and thought he was joking.
I'm sorry to ask but did he legit die because of the Box or is this a troll?
Since Indicas grow faster and take up less space (Easier to grow) Most indoor growers lean towards Indicas...Outside, they can finish up quick... Pure sativas are usually pretty rare but more sativa dominant hybrids are on the rise. Im growing a sativa dom that went to end of October (could have gone longer but it got too cold).... vs my Indica dom that finishes 2-3 wks earlier.
Indica dominates UK, at least from my experience. Only smoked sativa once I believe :( 
Most of what I see in Utah is hybrids and occasionally a sativa. Rarely a indica in my experience. 
4/5 strains I've seen are hybrids of some sort or another. Honestly, I think it's just as easy to find a purebred sativa as it is an indica. Sativa might be more common though since it tends to produce higher yields, thus making it more economical for those who sell. 
More of a pusher thing I guess /
You're good. Thanks for serving.
I smoked about 2 weeks before MEPS. Tested positive for THC at the recruitment office, was chewed out by the recruiter. He forced me to drink 2 gallons of water on the 2 hour car ride to the MEPS facility. I passed my test, and everything went well. You're fine, brother. And thanks for serving!
http://www.sousweed.com/blog/2015/6/13/sous-vide-cannabis-butter

You can decarb by putting the weed in a Mason jar and putting it in  a boiling water bath. Water boils at a constant 100 degrees Celsius, you should also use a candy thermometer if you want to be exact with temperatures. I'm not sure how long the decarb process will take. Google that shit. There is a link in the article above with decarb instructions.  

You don't need a sous vide circulator, just boil a pot of water and keep an eye on it. 
Fucking love the colors on this rig man, toke on!
It looks like one of those hamster houses with the tubes and stuff
PUKIN BEAGLE THOOOOO
Dig the thermal p, gotta get one myself 
Is this a cht Klein?
i see you are a fan of the banger inside a banger too, i love mine and i use a broken globe from an old g-pen as my carb cap after the quartz one that came with it broke lol
Damn the beauty in this is gonna go way too unnoticed on this sub.
This looks so dope, toke on man!
Hot damn, that looks wild
That's a beutiful piece. 
Never seen a bangar with the tube inlet on the bottom.
OK this seems like as good a place as any... what's the best way to clean a piece? My state went legal recently and I hadn't smoked in decades. I got a little bong and it's getting nasty. 
Crispier than your Nans biscuits
My god...I could pleasure myself to this and not even feel guilty about it
Nice! Upload a a function shot?
I keep seeing this and each time it's more beautiful
Yup
You can make a bong with just about anything. Haha
Done it. Works nicely.
I remember when my dog unlocked his crate, opened the door to my room, opened the closet, took down my jar of weed, opened the lid and ate it. It was a tragedy. Down with the weeds. 
Best rolling papers ever!!
definitely looks like spider mites or just straight spiders, very common in some outdoor grows, or messy indoor grows.

I've smoke it in the past and didn't die
Could be [spider mites](https://www.planetnatural.com/pest-problem-solver/houseplant-pests/spider-mite-control/), can get sprays to remove them!
Those looks like animal hairs/carpet fibers to me. 
Mites, bro.
Lol. I have been trolling so many people about mold.. and when we get super high we get paranoid.

What u see on ur herb is fiber. The people who work in growing and cutting the weed sometimes have their clothes or hair caught in the sticky goodness. So its pretty much fibers or element caught up in trim process.. your fine bro!

The only time to worry is when u get a pound with mold...
Eh, can't say 100% sure cuz idk, but the "you're just paranoid/it's just fibers" theory seems the most plausible. 
it looks like a green and purple banana
That's a beautiful piece. Post a pic of the whole thing?
Love the title 👍🏼👍🏼 makes me want to clean mine up
GET WICKITY
Fuckin A
I love that
Strawberry Dutch Master for me. Just split it down the middle. I don't bother taking the outer leaf off. I used to take the outer leaf off first but it is quicker not to and they come out just as good.
Most of my friends actually prefer White Owls. Say they are the easiest to roll with. I actually prefer GoodTimes they have the best taste to me, especially fruit punch. 
My dispensary rolls using RAW and I love the taste of it! 
What about Ents with their children still living with them?  
What's wrong with the back porch? I own my own house and that's the best place to toke up.
I've been out of my parents house for about 3 years now. I'll never go back. Simply because smoking would become a process again. 

You know, get the towel, get the fan, get the air freshener; make a sploof, toke, ghost, breathe out window.

Now it's just grind the weed, pack the bowl and toke.
Im looking forward to it
5 months, all I got left
Then my own place, my own grow, my own paradise 🙃🙃
And then one day, your parents will come live with you and ask you if you have any of those special cookies :) 
I'd be willing to risk eating that entire thing. That's how delicious it looks. 
The Burnt Queen of the Andals, Queen of the Great *Grass* Sea, the Breaker of Brains, Mother of Drags.
That sir, is a beauty
You can soak them to make iso dabs. You aren't going to to get alot. What i would try and do. Try and put them in the freezer for a while and crack that shit off. Bet you could get some keef.
Don't touch tips and won't be weird. 
Get a scale. 
The fuck just buy the ounce and stary selling it???
I do that with my brother now. Been doing it for months with minimal issues. Only thing I gotta say is make sure you trust him completely otherwise it's gonna suck. 
Ah college, I miss you. Also nice glass
First off, beautiful glass man, seriously congrats. Secondly, I see you're in a dorm, so RIP to that beauty. Many great bongs will perish my friend, it's a hell hole out there, but Godspeed.
That looks sooo dope!
What is this? Looks amazing
Nice choice! Glad to see people picking up quality glass!!
I've hear nothing but good things about illadelph. 
Thick ass glass<3
That's that sp00ky weed 
Whoa.. what makes it so purple?
u/MidnightMoon1331 - "weedS supposed to be green"

Edit: if you had to carry like 8g of that wrapped insanely tight in a plastic bag hidden in your shorts, and you tried showing *that*, it would be tagged as "bird poo" or some shit like that. It's not even *really* legal yet in the US, and bitches immediately forget how shit was *yesterday*, when you had to watch for the cops like your life depended upon it. Cause it did. And for some of us, it still does. 
yes when i smoke in the mornings and take my adderall i tend to not even feel the rush and or concentration the adderall brings 
Adderall before weed and its gonna feel like speed.
Weed before Adderall and you are not going to feel a thing at all. 


It's a CBD syrup, it's not gonna get you very high like weed can, it's mostly mild euphoria and pain relief, imo it would be better to save your money and just buy some weed that will last you longer and have much stronger effects
if its anything like [cannadrank](https://youtu.be/-mPINKOuwGM?t=292), it was originally made as a pivot for 'lean culture' to help them break from opioid use

if it leans more towards being more cbd, then taking a concentrated dose in syrup form rather than smoke/vape/tinctures has a definite appeal to users, and specifically medical patients that are underage where smoking would be a headfuck on developing lungs
What a dope spot bud👍
Stoner ingenuity > Communist advancements and contributions to modern day technology
Guide pls?
Why won't your friend replace it?
Around how many American dollars is that beast?
That is pretty twisted.
Whoooooaaa.    So I'm not a huge fan of gold (in general, jewelry or anything), but the colors on that thing are beautiful.  Seriously beautiful.   I want something similar!   Where is that from?
At first I was like nahhh, but it quickly grew on me till I was like daaamn that's actually kinda hell yes. For me, I'd prefer it without the gold over the colored glass cause that's where the party is. 
Absolutely stunning! My compliments to the artist, and congratulations on your new piece!
I recently learned how to do electroforming and it's such an interesting process. It's seriously like fucking witchcraft. Do you know, is the metal copper? My phone won't open the image and I can only see the thumbnail
Reminds me of this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yN9pioJWTk0
Beautiful glass piece, I would like it better without the electroforming. I don't think it was in the bath long enough. My old boss/teacher used to do this to the pieces he electroformed; paint it put it in the bath with the anodes wait 5-6 hours take it out and be like "it's done." When really it's still covered mostly by the conductive paint. It could be that this piece was in the bath long enough but they gave it a sloppy paint job. I'd give the glass 8/10 for handy work and the electroforming 2/10. Whereas the other electroformed handpipe you posted in the comments looks 100x better.
That looks like the turd that Roger crapped out on American Dad.

Looks cool.
I think OP means like everyone walking around smoking herb like cigarettes. World would be such a better place tbh
live in a legal state and near a dispensary it can be :P  
Not sure where you live, but tobacco is not cheap here, like $12 a pack.  Weed will also be our next health pandemic when we realize that smoking plants is still a shit idea.  I'm hoping vaping proves to be safe and edibles keep becoming the norm.
There is no real reason cannabis can't be that cheap. I was just looking at pipe tobacco prices and one of my favorite blends works out to be $4 an oz and that's for pretty quality stuff so even with taxes through the roof it's still crazy cheap compared to what cannabis prices are now and it's an example of how things could be in the future. 
Don't do drugs, kids.
Hurts your throat. But yeah it helps. I'd recommend edibles. 
I always smoke under basically all conditions. I didn't notice much asides from the obvious 
For me, being a little bit high tends to make time pass by faster, makes me sleep off the bug, and makes me hydrate and eat food. Being too high would make me feel like crap, so I've got to be careful not to overdue it. 
I actually would say it makes it a little easier to sleep and eat but if you eat or drink to much can make your stomach hurt more 
At first I thought you had a bendy joint.
Hot box it 
I thought this was a cookie
The only tree I'd need for Christmas!
Love it
I had a rough Thanksgiving too. 
No one wondering about OP and his SO smokin in a hotel room??? 

But seriously tho, in-law drama sucks. Infact all family drama sucks! Best wishes to you all and stay lit 👌👌
What happened?
That's more like traveling with "the" piece than "a piece" ...unless you got spare bongs like the monarchy has spare heirs
Why that looks like a bag from EazeUp in SF
Hey hotel front desk worker here. I would much rather ppl just go outside and smoke if possible. I wouldn't care at all. I'm a cannabis user myself. I do get mad when ppl smoke in my rooms. Too bad there wasn't a non obvious way I could communicate that.
Glad you sticked together, may I ask what happened with her family?
On the bright side you get to spend the holidays at your place from now on!

Serious note, in-law drama sucks, good on you for supporting her.

Super serious note, hopefully she can work it out with her mother, I can't imagine what its like not being able to be in the same room as the person the gave birth to you.
Rip that shit until you quit.  Peace late MFers.  What is the square root of 176,400????
So... Shitty in-laws... Hope she's worth it .
i'm very high and i think you deserve a upvote
But it did probably give you a nice jolt of energy.
[6] For me it would be Sorrow - Pink Floyd. Listening to that song is such an epic adventure for me. The build up and the guitar solo at the end... simply everything blows my mind 

edit :If someone can link the song under my comment I would be really thankful! am on mobile


I personally love 'Bowl for Two' by Expendables:
https://youtu.be/f5kGUqEBva4
Addicted . by LIVING LEGENDS
[Golden Arrow - Darkside](https://youtu.be/Yod9tQdibDY)

I cannot describe the feeling I get when hearing this song. Something very deep and calming and nostalgia.

Listen to the whole song and focus on it, really listen to it!Please. The way it builds up is epic. I hope you can enjoy it!!
Whole Lotta Lovin' by DJ Mustard ft. Travis Scott. The beat in this just flows when you spark up. Gets me every time 
"Ganja Smuggling" by Eek A Mouse

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b21zIF3lAZo

Freshman year I got messed up and went to what we thought was gonna be another lame-ass frat house party....as I finally got through the door with my $5 entry my eyes immediately darted toward Eek A Mouse and his band setting up in the living room getting ready to play.  Bought their new album and brought it with me when my buddy and I went to work on his Grandpa's rural farm out in Illinois the following Summer.  

Buddy's uncle was the last person to live on the property 30 years ago when he used to traffic pounds of weed and hash for the Chicago drug lords.  He had a few spots on the 400 acre property where he'd toss the seeds....well 30 years later with nobody living on the property except for cows, in those areas there was a distinctly different couple of strains of weed growing on the property that was definitely not local ditch weed/hemp.  It was of course crossed with the ditch weed and was sativa-dominant buds with a shit ton of seeds, yet it was purple and visually had significantly more trichomes all over it.  After getting it out of our system and running through the fields of 12ft tall trees for a few hours with ear to ear smiles, I started thinking of how we could get something from it....enter the idea of large-scale bubble hash operation like I'd seen in High Times where Jamaican's used washing machines and ran the water through fabric....only I had ZERO experience, was living on a 400 acre farm with the nearest cell reception being 8 miles away, we had no electricity, no bubble bags and our water supply was a well that smelled like sulfur.

Gained a lot of memories that Summer, but one of the ones that sticks in my head is when we harvested everything.  I will never forget seeing my buddy's teal blue Subaru Impreza sitting in an open field with giant weed plants jutting out every  window and open trunk (seats removed for more room), all while blasting Eek A Mouse's Ganja Smugglin' on full blast...damn it's nice to not have neighbors that can hear or see you!  

Oh yeah and the bubble hash turned out fantastic - literally hamburger patties of hash.  After having real bubble bags now, I realize we lost SOOOOO much of the premium small diameter bubble hash it makes me sad to think about it -- our "bubble bags" consisted of a 3hr round trip drive to the nearest Jo Ann fabric so we could get some toole and the finest mesh fabric they had to rig up our own screens, lol.  I still think the 3000 people living in the nearest city are still scratching their heads wondering why these two West Coasters were buying up all the ice at the one gas station in town, lol.  Quite an adventure....and that's why I think of Ganja Smuggling whenever I smoke weed.
Cleveland is the reason - kid cudi

If you aren't blasting this shit while toking idk what ur doing... not from Cleveland but the vibes cudi gives is fire
Umbilical moonrise by lotus.  It lifts my mood every single time!
oh man this entire fucking album is a masterpiece. to live is to die....
Upvote for Chip Skylark
Teeth are indeed dope.
Yeah man. I didn't take great care of my teeth in my teens and 20's. Now I'm 30 and don't have the luxury of putting off dentist visits. BRUSH YO TEEF
And floss! It doesn't feel good but you notice a big difference after just a few days
Brush dem sluts 
Yea but don't brush to. hard.
You don't need to brush that hard, or for too long. You risk tarnishing your enamel with the bristles
Nice try, Mom.
Man I just got back from the dentist - I had a filling done. It felt horrible. 

Keep your teeth in check! I brush twice a day - but it's not enough; you gotta make sure you dont eat too much sugary foods & you gotta brush properly. 
Brushing with electric toothbrush.....How long have I been brushing my teeth for? Did I hear the 2minute timer? 

15seconds later, brrr, brrr, brrr...

Wow, longest 2minutes ever! 
Dont forget to brush the tounge
The most important PSA of the year here guys
Holy shit
I enjoy the minty cool taste of smoking right after you brush your teeth..probably the only reason I have a healthy mouth
Yeah and weed breath / cotton mouth smells like shit! brush your teeth!!
Idk if it's just me but brushing my teeth when I'm stoned tends to sober me up a little

Prefer to do it before or once I'm already coming down
My shiny teeth that sparkle, just like a star in space!

My shiny teeth that twinkle, and add beauty to my face!
Better yet, brush your teeth while you shower. Save time and feel great.
It's weird that we have to scrub the exposed part of our skeleton with paste
You should also probably brush your teeth before then too 
Pro tip:  That rubbing alcohol that takes the resin off your glass?  A little bit on a cloth will take the oil off your teeth too and give you a nice white finish.  Don't ingest any but a nice once over every now and then will keep the resin from building up on your teeth too.  If your teeth don't look all that white and you are a regular bong smoker I highly suggest this.
I already brushed my teeth twice today but I'm doing it again [7]
5 minutes? Jeez. Anything over 3 minutes and you are over-brushing. 

Don't over-brush boys and girls. Along with smoking, over-brushing makes your gums recede, and then you get cavities. 

Cavities suck, so use an electric toothbrush if you can and don't beat the crap out of your gums. 

Have a good day!
Currently recovering from having 6 teeth surgically extracted.

Take care of your mouth.
This is what I tell all the little homies. Have the ladies thinking you be kissable. 
Not just brushing your teeth, but literally any product containing menthol is amazing. Mints, rubs, balms, shampoos, oh my god I love menthol.

Can confirm brushing teeth is awesome and keeps them clean.
Wiping your taste before can give your first few tokes a nice minty taste. Some guys I know munch on toothpaste while smoking as it stops them coughing and tastes minty.
I even have one of those waterpik flosser things. 
I clean before a smoke, I find it gives my bowls a nice minty aftertaste
I haven't brushed my teeth regularly until I was 14. After an immense amount of dentist appointments I decided that I'd never want to go through something like that again.

Now I'm brushing and flossing my teeth daily! And it's awsome! Teeth are indeed dope!
You all are crazy. Every time I've brushed my teeth while high, it's been the worst experience of my life. My mouth feels like it's suffering frostbite, and everything tastes horrible for hours after
Be careful, brushing too much or too hard can hurt your teeth 
never forget that your teeth are [outside bones](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taA5bbLpA0s)
Dude i have to admit I wasn't taking great care of my teeth until i started smokeing.  Probably didn't  brush as much as a person should  just used mouth wash and never really flossed. But once i started smokeing it just became  a habit to brush my teeth and floss like i was expecting to find gold in between my teeth.  And even when I'm not smokeing  its just a habit  to floss after I eat anything at all. 
There is nothing better than having a clean piece, brushing your teeth and then smoking. It is heaven
Wife and I call it "skull washing." Cuz really, yeah, you're washing your skull, in a way. [6]
My dentist is hot so if I don't take care of my teeth I see her more.
ive heard that toothpaste is kind of poisiness?! somebody got some info on that? 
and why dont we just brush our teeth with alcohol? 
Nah fuck my teeth. Little bastards are like half the size they should be and they crooked as shit. Leave me with a ugly ass smile and think you gonna get brushed smh
[6]
God, this sub sucks.
Unless it's moldy or anything it'll be fine
Yeah man nothing wrong with that 
Nah dude. I'll tell ya what- you seem like a pretty nice kid so I'll do you a solid. I can take it off of your hands and dispose of it properly of you'd like- for free.
Feeling good on a Tuesday, sparking dots
You're overreacting I think to normal effects just respect the bud and don't smoke enough to get to that point. Mixing drugs too, I do that regularly (daily) but also am used to it and very respectful of all drugs. Thats all this is, you did too much and that's how you reacted to that.
Smoking after drinking can be disastrous. I've had some very strange experiences with weed before, years ago but usually only after drinking pretty heavily and then deciding to smoke. 
Don't smoke and drink! 
Nice jeep
No but wtf is that it looks like potting soil
Don't name it! It's bad luck!
Looks like a Squiggles McGee to me.
Thats called a chillum. Not a pipe
Nope - you're good. Rolling papers are completely 100% legal to fly with 
If ur paranoid just go buy some they $3, why not just buy some In Jamaica anyway
Make a batch of 16, a 60mg dose is perfect for a daily stoner!
Coffee and water
sleep
Coffee and a cold shower
What are your post high effects? 
As someone weening myself off years of ambien use every night, this looks amazing. No offense to anyone who likes it, but in my opinion, fuck sleep meds. Just made the nights that I didn't have it that much harder. Been treating severe insomnia w/ trees ever since moving to Seattle & my mental health has improved so much.
Wish it was a Dutch wrap but it will do just fine. GOODNIGHT
That'll do it..for some. 😔
Dude that looks amazing, nice one!
dimensions of image were too perfect to resist. Thanks for the new phone background [4]
Beauty at its finest, nothing better than watching your baby grow into an adult ... very pretty, good job!!!
That does not look like I came from earth
Might I ask what grow light your using?

How many filters?  
Krikey
OMG. Purple is the warmest colour. <3
Picture won't load but I bet it's gorgeous lol
I cant bring myself to upvote this past 420
Did it snow in your greenhouse? damn!
Start out with 25 mg - you'll get baked, and its a decent amount. Once you see how that affects you take it from there.
I ate a 300 mg today and did not really feel a thing. I was smoking at the same time it should have kicked in and yet basically sober half an hour later. It's been a few hours and I ate one as well yesterday and felt nothing. The first time I ate this kind I was blasted. Not sure exactly what's up😭😂 basically, what I'm saying is that the amount of thc is completely relative to you personally. I'd say 25mg (or half that because a dose is 25 but I get some edibles that have the 25 pieces broken into two 12.5's sometimes) would be plenty if you have a light tolerance. At some point you may be "too high" but it wouldn't last long and then you'd be able to generalize your dosages from here on out. 
My wife started with 5 mg (ate half a chewy) and it was perfect for someone with no tolerance or experience with weed. Depends what your tolerance is and your experience getting stoned (knowing it's just the drugs and you're fine). When I used to dab all day a 350 mg eddy used to get me a good buzz, but now I have no tolerance and 70 mg gets me to a [10]
It takes me about 60 MG to get me fully stoned. 

And my tolerance isn't high or anything
Nice roll, haters gonna troll ^^ don't sweat em
Nah fam, this is my go to combo. Every time I try to roll a raw, the glue NEVER sticks. Zigs for lyfeeee
No rules broken. I strictly use raw filter papers but never the papers anymore. Pure Hemp and Bob Marley papers is where it's at. 
I'm a raw man usually but I can always get down with some zags :) You should try juicy js. The candy cane ones are really good. 
What rule is this? All I see is a joint. 
I felt the same way, i always use Element papers with raw preroll tips.
why? 
by wasting a good 1/3 available paper in that joint by using a crutch on one end and only filling it part way?
Man, I should really get a friend
Yo where can i get yellow bic lighters in bulk? Its by far the most awesome colour :D
Ok Eric.
Eating edibles on an empty stomach is a bad idea. That's why you didn't feel shit. Especially after a 6 hour break with no food. Your liver tore that shit up before it hit your brain.
Was it something you bought from a store/dispensary, or was it homemade?
Get more 100 mg isn't much if your use to the affects of cannabis. Beside that try eating mango 30 min before eating edible the mango will make the high stronger and last longer. 
I think you need a different plug
Drink some weed infused tea to help with your cough. It'll be nice and soothing. You'll probably be hungry too from the munchies so go on ahead and have yourself a weed infused brownie to settle the hunger.

You might be wondering why I'm telling you to consume more weed. The thc will cancel out when you add more, it's simple algebra.
"i'm listening to pink floyd because i'm a god damn man" made me spit my pepsi
Original post had TMI in pic. Thanks to those who pointed that out to me. 
Why does that look terrifying yet exhilarating to me?
That's a nug to be proud of! 
Dat boi looks scrumptious
no edit 👌
my jaw droped ! thats a motherfucking dense nug
Hey all! This Week In Cannabis is a way to discuss and learn about all the big events that happened last week in cannabis.

[Link To Last Weeks Post](https://np.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/5e870c/this_week_in_cannabis_nov_21_2016_new_worlds/)


**Sources** 

[Report criticizes USPS handling of marijuana](http://wwmt.com/news/i-team/report-criticizes-usps-handling-of-marijuana) | [Reddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/news/comments/5f0oug/report_criticizes_usps_handling_of_marijuana/)

[Marijuana advocates sceptical about Canada path to legal pot](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-38083738) | [Reddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/5f5p7h/marijuana_advocates_sceptical_about_canada_path/)

[Medical marijuana saves five year old from seizures](http://www.cnn.com/2016/11/28/health/health-care-refugees-part-2/index.html) | [Reddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/UpliftingNews/comments/5fbjs5/medical_marijuana_saves_five_year_old_from/)

[South African government reschedules cannabis, marijuana,dagga,weed for medical purposes. legal medical weed by as early as April 2017](http://www.news24.com/Columnists/GuestColumn/legalisation-of-dagga-opens-a-crack-in-the-wall-20161125) | [Reddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/cannabis/comments/5et4ru/south_african_government_reschedules_cannabis/)

[The lazy stoner stereotype is true: Regular cannabis use blunts our motivation](http://www.unipaper.co.uk/article/the-lazy-stoner-stereotype-is-true-regular-cannabis-use-blunts-our) | [Reddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/psychology/comments/5eiiod/the_lazy_stoner_stereotype_is_true_regular/)

[92% of Irish people believe that cannabis should be legalised when recommended by a doctor](http://www.thejournal.ie/red-c-poll-medical-cannabis-3106304-Nov2016/) | [Reddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/5fbx8j/92_of_irish_people_believe_that_cannabis_should/)

[A cannabis inhaler will soon be marketed by one of the world's largest pharma companies](http://www.globes.co.il/en/article-teva-to-market-the-worlds-first-cannabis-inhaler-1001163430) | [Reddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/news/comments/5fcrcw/a_cannabis_inhaler_will_soon_be_marketed_by_one/)

[The Trailer Park Boys Will Soon Be Selling Legal Weed](http://www.vice.com/en_ca/read/the-trailer-park-boys-will-soon-be-selling-legal-weed) | [Reddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/trailerparkboys/comments/5enetp/the_trailer_park_boys_will_soon_be_selling_legal/)


Not sure, but I have a similar piece and it turns out that little pocket under the bowl before the horizontal perc works as an ash catcher. On my piece, the main tube is bent so you can tilt it to empty the built in ash catcher without spilling all your water out of the mouthpiece.
holy crap i never knew a&w has food places! where are you from?
What games you play wanna get rekt
Man, A&w has awesome food. The one near me closed down. Wreck that shit, bro. 
Ive only seen A and W in canada lol
I saw one in Wisconsin 
I've only seen an A&W at an airport
They do urine and blood so I'm not sure how you're going to swing this one.
You're probably SOL if they do blood and urine. Why would you smoke knowing you had something coming up you had to be clean for? No hate, I just never understand these posts and I'm really wondering what made you decide it was a solid idea worth the risk. 
Tape some fake piss to your gooch
I knew a guy that did the same. Lied about his use and got discharged outta basic for false information on an official form. 
Blue dream is dank as fuck. Amazing strain, enjoy my frient!
Damn. How are those chips?
How do you go dankrupt in a legal state
Blue dream is my favorite shit
where did you get those edibles??
neat dude
Do you find smoking and working on your penmanship actually helps?  I just started smoking for the first time in like 10 years and I'd love to improve my chicken scratch 
Not that my handwriting is any better, but making sure your letters are lining up to the same planes. Like the "n"s bottom and the "u"s bottom should be on the same "floor", as it were. Otherwise, I think it looks really nice and definitely legible.
I thought you meant like the script, and was like holy shit the dedication
If you're into this kinda thing check out /r/PenmanshipPorn
eyyyyy Wilfred on in the background. One of the only shows that successfully fucked with every inch of my brain. 
I'm so happy to see that someone else actually likes Wilfred.
Should I buy pax2 or stick with 1 hitter?
Wilfred!
[removed]
Nice! Which one do you lit first? I have a DaVinci's Accent that I like a lot. 
Is that other thing in his hand a vape?? Does the joint go inside? Lmao 
*why not both?*
Just walk around outside and spray some cologne on yourself, I would be more worried about breath than clothes smelling to be honest, don't let that bud breath give yourself away!
Get some ozium or blunt effects spray, spray it in front of you then walk into the mist of the spray. Apparently these sprays kill the smell instead of just masking it so it might work for killing the smell on your clothes
Spray cologne on ya for one they ask why you smell of cologne you was with some women had to smell good weed put in mason jar hands wash with soap or shower etc 
Yeah I agree with others, most important would be wash hands, and freshen breath.

Man it sucks when you have a roommate like that 
Yeah you did, damn. Start selling those.
Nice.
Looks good! 
[deleted]
So the (7.24)... is that your highness rating?
[deleted]
You got a pretty good piece you made there you did good I think 
I have the same pipe..
I like it
That's sweet
finish the shatter, pack a bowl, and open the oil. reach for the moon and fly among the stars dude. 
Yes
You make canna oil by heating an oil source with weed. To do this with a 1/4 oz you should use about a 1/4 to a half cup of oil and heat it to a simmer. Use a double boiler(use a glass bowl a little bigger than a pot) fill the pot with water and place bowl on top. Put oil in the glass part of the set up. Place weed in a cheese cloth and tie with some string. Then put wraped up weed into the oil. Allow the weed sit in the double boiler for more than 2 hours but no more than 6 being sure to stir and move your weed around about every 20-30 minutes. Once done stir one last time pressing down on the weed to get most of the oil out. Squeeze out any remaining oil and discard the weed as you please. Wait for the oil to cool down a bit before taking another cheese cloth folded into fours and pouring the oil through the cheese cloth into another container (this will help separate some of the plant materials left over from the process). Next just simply use your oil in your favorite brownie or cookie recipe ( please refrigerate the oil) decarboxilation is the process of converting thca into thc which happens automatically when heating your weed. Decarbing takes a carboxy group away from the thca turning it into the good stuff or thc.
If you wont pass a drug test the break isnt long enough to work
You know you're high when you think the song is "me boom tastic"
That's just another Tuesday night.
Literally spent 20 minutes staring at this post trying to remember which scooby doo episode/movie Shaggy wrote a song...
It did not for me. It made me not pay attention in class and space out instead. I had friends though who swore that weed helped them, but it for sure didnt help me.

In my senior year of college I finally figured out what did work for me, but it took a lot of self control: go to class, come home, knock out all my homework, then smoke for the rest of the night. It helped me not smoke as much, too, which really helped keep it 'affordable'
um no, If you have to ask this question....it does not
I am currently a college student as well and i can personally tell you that being high for class does not help, although i do usually smoke before writing a paper and occasionally before some homework assignments because that can be beneficial for me personally. 
Depends how high you are. 

But, school is less boring while high, so you might participate more. 

Boredome is what gets me the hardest in school
Depends primarily on strain. If you have a heavy indica then don't expect it to help much. However if you smoke a sativa like trainwreck or green crack you'll get all your work done twice as fast. 
Ur so dope
Le mao
Thats a huge chamber for your grinder
Guess thats why some ppl call it a spoon
I have that same grinder bro :D I love it.
My grinder isn't even half that deep. Did you get rid of the mesh between latyers? 
tulasi
I have that lighter too! It is my favorite. Except I lost it...
Glad to see this is catching on.
Lighter Bros unite! 
Just saw this lighter at my Walmart yesterday! 
Where'd the grinder come from ?l
Same lighter as what? It doesn't match your grinder
I actually received a rechargeable USB lighter with a concentrate kit as a freebie. It had an element that heats up to toast the bowl. Should be able to Google it to get an idea. I can upload a pic when I get home if you like.
I love doing this. My mouth feels so clean and fresh.
That looks like candy 
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck those look nice.
Westworld
If you haven't seen s1 of stranger things it's a must watch
community!
Well... what are the TV shows you watched already?
Watch Black Mirror if you haven't yet!
Legends of Chamberlain Heights
Yeah it totally is. The only enjoyable part is the dreams, although they are sometimes terrifying
What kind of symptoms are you experiencing? I've been a daily flower consumer for nearly 6 years at this point, and I've stopped cold turkey for 3-5 months at a time before and didn't experience any type of withdrawal at all, so I'm super curious if this is a concentrate specific thing? 
On the boat of wanting to quit but I have a gram of some tasty shatter  left but it definitely is addictive. don't let the few people here who disagree, push you towards R/Leaves cause that place is cancer.
Had to quit because I am on a Conditional Discharge out here in NJ (Got caught with pot - random drug tests for a full year). Quitting was one of the hardest things. I stopped cold turkey because of the arrest and there was some shitty withdrawal in the beginning. It's been nearly six months and I still think about it frequently. I used to smoke all day everyday. I miss pot and whoever says addiction to it doesn't exist is just wrong. It may not be purely physical but it is definitely mental.
Your mind gets used to the high and likes and misses it. It's not dangerous because it isn't a physical addiction. I am on my last scraps and am not going to be able to afford more until the end of January or Feb. Big deal. I've gone more than a year before if I have to.
Its all mental bro. Try withdrawing from an opiate or benzo then you'll know what it really means. You have some minor discomfort for a few days and maybe a cold at the same time.
If anyone's confused I have something to offer: I feel like all the cases ive seen with people saying there's some withdrawal effects or addiction has been someone that has used concentrates on a daily or constant basis. I use mainly flower and even if i smoke almost daily i don't use much because my tolerance was never really that high. But with concentrates your tolerance shoots up and as such i believe there is a greater withdrawal effect that comes with heavy usage of higher THC concentrates. 
Addiction and dependence are not the same thing.

Learn the difference.

Cannabis is not an addictive substance. Cannabis dependence may occur in chronic users. 

Science, bitches. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEberTUvrsE
Man im trying to quit opiates but damn if it isnt hard to find a few days that I dont work to lock myself away from the world
Can confirm this. Have been going without for the past week after smoking every day for three months, I'm struggling to sleep, I'm irritable, my dreams are really fucking intense (which I like), and the habitual urge to smoke a joint every two hours is still there. Can't blame anyone but myself though.
Is it addictive for everyone? I've been smoking once on the weekends, sometimes every other week and never have felt a need or dependency. 
I've smoked every day for the past almost year and a half(Concentrates and Flower). I took a 4-day t break the other week. I had no issues or withdraws because your brain is physically incapable of becoming addicted to THC, mostly because it naturally produces it. Now a mental addiction is possible, and it is 100% psychosomatic. I would go to your doctor because any physical withdrawal symptoms are most likely from something else happening in your body. Possibly illness. Hope you feel better soon my friend!
I know this goes agains the grain of the circle jerk, but "Marijuana is addictive!" If you don't think so, just stop weed/alcohol for 5 days. When I quit, it was all I though about. The desire to get high was hard to get over, but it helped me to realize that it is addictive. Thanks OP, Im glad that this is being brought to life. 
Yeah, fuck dabs. Damn near a narcotic
Lol the fuck
Funny, every time I take a break I notice only positive effects. I'm more productive, have more energy, and don't have that foggy feeling you get after smoking daily for awhile. In fact it kinda makes me wonder why I still smoke, but then I smoke up again and I'm like "oh yeah, that's why😂". That's just me though, and I do get a little anxious and binge on caffeine usually during this time but it's pretty negligible.
r/leaves
i had a friend that used to dab daily and now he's a little slower. have you noticed any symptoms of getting that fucked up daily 
It'll pass soon frient! ...UGH I'm a daily dabber who needs a break and I'm NOT LOOKING FORWARD TO IT.

That's called sobriety.  
>I'm feeling the symptoms associated with withdrawals and it's an awful feeling.

Trust me, they are a LOT worse for other, more addictive drugs.
Dang, reading this thread makes me glad that I ether don't experience any withdrawals other than a desire to toke up, or I don't smoke enough to have them. Been smoking about a quarter gram a day pretty consistently for about a year
Yes. Even if it isn't a true physical dependency, you can easily become so used to doing it every single day that you depend on it. IMO you shouldn't be that way with anything, if you can avoid it. Take days off, take tolerance breaks, let your head clear. It's a great drug but don't let it replace your identity. Sober up for more than 24 hours sometimes 
Most these people won't let the fog clear to ever see what a waste all that money on weed was...all the time spent ... all the missed opportunities..all the moments missed because of being high...addiction is a powerful master. 

How best to enslave people?  Give them easy access to drugs and they enslave themselves.  

There are ways to blunt those withdrawal symptom all over the Internet.
Daily vapper here, i agree with OP be careful and make full use of tolerance breaks! 
I know people who have psychological addictions to the point they are irritable if they aren't high. This guy I was friends with literally had to smoke before doing anything and now he sells weed to afford his habit.
Stay busy and be as productive as you can.  It will help both physically and emotionally.
Thank you for posting. Went through the same experience in the early part of the year. Crippling depression had me down to 100 pounds and in the ER twice in one week for complications as a result. Happy to say my physical health is back on track at this point in time. It most certainly gets easier with time.
The worst thing I´ve had happen wen I stopped smoking weed is a little trouble sleeping and that's if I make it a habit of smoking before bed otherwise i've never once felt close to a withdraw from weed i guess i'm lucky that way.. just remember if you take a couple of days off every now and then you'll never have to feel like this again.. I hope you get better soon bruh :)


People's physiology differ, I feel fine when I quit , even quit tobacco with only a few days of withdrawal   

Your a giant pussy if you withdrawal from weed  
I've been smoking stem for the last 2 days cuz both my dealers are too lazy to re up and i cant sleep :( I've been up for 28 hours
dabs are like the crack of weed lol I love them but I personally feel like they're more addictive and keep me feeling super hazy even when my tolerance adjusts to them! 
🎵Hello darkness my old friend..
I'd give my left nut to have as much as you got right there....not the right though...that's my favorite 
It looks so lonely
I'll see you on the other side when we got the money, hopefully at a dispensary lol
Oh man i feel ya
Always on mobile, had no idea about this O_O need to check it out when I get off work!
I just realized it is also the top part of a pineapple, fuckin' a!
Everyone in this entire thread gets my upvote. 

I was too high and forgot to put [10]. This was an edit. < I forgot to put that too.
Your joy is contagious! I hope you're having fun! 
I am straight edge and this entry is the most pothead thing I have ever read. Keep on the good work!
Not for us mobile users😔
Relevant username 
OMG I bet that was the best feeling and then to see a pineapple! 
Yep and an up vote is green with the down vote being brown
Well that's a hidden gem, isn't it OP?
Wish it was on the mobile app!
Upvoted to confirm
Hey look at that, so is the downvote!
this comment section is exactly what i like about the ent community. were all here to help eachother bake a fucking pie and shit, and I love it. thanks for the laughs and new recipes!
This guy's dealer @ me 
/r/woahdude 
when you like it turns into a pineapple on the front page :)
You don't see the pot leaf on your phone? Weird.
We landed on the moon as well.
uptoke*
[It shows it on mobile for me](http://imgur.com/KVJSU96)
So is this upvoted for the content, or people wanting to see the animation?

Cause I know why I upvoted...
This upvote is lit !
I'm waiting for the day some long-time member of this subreddit goes HOLY SHIT this subreddit is about marijuana
Just another reason they need to add customization to mobile!! I want to uptoke while I poop!
I browsed on my phone for the longest time and when i saw it i was blown away lol
Haha I'm always on phone I've never seen that now I wanna see!!
DUDE. WHAT!! I'm always on my phone so I wouldn't know :(
Im still on my phone and a realy want to see now 
Trying to rip off r/montageparodies? 
Upvote not because OP was to blitz to realize it, but because he genually didn't know! Gratz bro!
r/woahdude 
Bruh. I'm dying 
I only connect from the PC. Has there never been a upvote pot leaf this entire time?

I feel like one of my favorite Hall and Oats tunes...
also: reddit means "read it" like "i read it and it was good/bad."
Link colour also changes like your hitting a bowl - Green for new, cherried red when highlighted, then ash when read. Pretty neat.
Fun fact. Downvotes are pot leafs too.
Just realized that myself a few weeks ago. 
I just discovered my flair looks exactly like my actual bong.
OMG!! I never knew this either!! Mind blown! I'm always on my phone and it doesn't show it. Thanks for sharing
I bet that y'all only upvoted this to see if it was true
Username checks out
Worst part abput being a mobile user :(
Right on.
Pineapple for president 2020! 
This gets posted once a month.

Anyone else notice this?
I hit the upvote button easily 10 or more times just to see the animation
i literally just logged on with a computer just to see this

[removed]
[removed]
Im using reddit is fun, its just an arrow :(
More like Upweed and Downweed
Oh I'm sorry, I didn't fucking know this was r/Me_Irl ....
Here ! Have a pineapple... 
GlaDOS:    
>The cake is a lie
If yall used desktop version on mobile as God intended you'd already know this
Oh fuck it is
I only use mobile and always saw a pot leaf....? I'm not sure why others don't see a pot leaf.
I've literally never been on the website and now I might actually go on it 😍
I dont understand the hype its been like that a while
https://media.giphy.com/media/cZw9O9i93VjXy/giphy.gif
https://media.giphy.com/media/cZw9O9i93VjXy/giphy.gif
https://media.giphy.com/media/cZw9O9i93VjXy/giphy.gif
https://media.giphy.com/media/cZw9O9i93VjXy/giphy.gif
When did it change from pineapple?
I don't own a computer so I don't know that either. 
I know right?!?!
WHOA! Im so high!
Down vote should be a police badge
I only use my computer for reddit lol I would not use mobile for this site haha
Never smoke w a white lighter
Where can I cop??
ITS NOT A WHITE LIGHTER
White lighter = something bad is gonna happen during the sesh... it could be anything 
Are these the gold wraps? I smoked 4 of these on my birthday with a couple friends. They burn pretty quick but they have a cool taste and you feel really cool smoking them
Man wth i need these
Dude where do I get these 
Recommend that?
Contrary to popular belief, the Transportation *Security* Administration is not in the business of drug enforcement, at all, unless they discover something at the security line and are forced to turn it over to local police - which is all they do.   

Knowing TSA's record you're more lucky it wasn't taken for personal use. 
This is why I don't put it in my checked bag. Always in my carry on or in my wallet behind a condom and some cash and cards
TSA doesn't care about this stuff. They're not in business to write tickets.
Check to see if a bit of dab went missing lol.
/r/movies is that way though...
I saw it Sunday and it was Fantastic
Perhaps fill it with water until its no longer too short? 
[removed]
Steve
Billy Bong Thornton 
Bong
Mr. Freeze
White Mandingo
Looks more like a girl. Melanie fits for me.
Looks like mine! His name is Balongy
Darko
Tiberius
Issac
Michael Jackson
Ray Rice because it hits hard
Iceman, like from Top Gun
Obi-wan?
Orion
Fredo
Where can I get one. This is awesome.

Sheldon
Why does a pipe need a name??
Jay-Z
The truth,

Cause bitches can't handle the truth 
Kinda feel like this is weird portal thing...I bought the exact same pipe, with the exact same percs, on a Black Friday sale. Lol
Orpheus
Morpheus 
Bart Simpson, given the look near the bottom. I don't know bong physiology.
Smokeahontas
I thought it was clever 🙄
Looks good! 👍
Where you drunk?
Ahaa. I like puns. Some people might give you shit for it, but it's not for them. I dig it ✌🏻
...
Hope it's fake and it's a sharpie lol
Not worried it'll fade? Palm tats seem to fade from my tattoo artists experience with them 
Pain?
Flatbush Zombies represent
Cmon now. A wake n bake is a wake n bake no matter what time you wake up. If you wake up just before dinner time that is still your breakfast is it not?
*Wakes up early because I have to pee*

*Realizes there's nothing to do because it's so goddamn early.*

*Take's snap hits and passes back out for a couple hours.*

My favorite kind of days.
right there with ya homie 
Whats up with popularity of wake n bake?

For me, it will destroy all productivity for the day. I will just want the high to continue and usually end up vaping for hours.
I have to build my sleep schedule around my medication schedule. A wake and bake for me means that my meds lost efficacy during the night, and I've woken up in pain. In the past, this meant I
I'd be up for at least two hours waiting for new pills to kick in. Now I keep a strong Indica oil pen by the bed, and when that happens I wake up and bake my face off. 15 minutes later everything is nice and fuzzy and soft, and I can get back to sleep. 

It's a beautiful thing, this plant. 
Last year, I was late to work (10:30 am start) almost every day. So my boss changed my start time to 11 am. I now promptly stroll in at about 11:15 or so every day lol
Op please tell me you haven't burnded your house down like Patty and Selma. 
Sleep and bake? How do you smoke when you're sleeping? [8]
For awhile I would be going to sleep when the sun came up. Bout the same time people would be waking up for the 8am classes. I would wake my friends up and we'd smoke. I would call it an Awake and bake.
Weeds available all year round tho
If you like anything about rolling trees, check out /r/artofrolling for more stuff on rolling a nice j!
Go into a forest somewhere nearby, great atmosphere for getting blazed!
thanks man :) i live in mormonland. mormon roommates. love my car
I'm 45 mins away from toking in my car! 
I'm in the exact same situation! I always rip my bong in my car or take some dabs from my rig in there. It's not so bad really but I would sure love being able to take a dab and just lay in bed. Soon, I'm not too far from moving out 😁
at least its better than doing it in a depressing ass bathroom
I wish I had a car to smoke in, it would be perfect in college
Live on my own at college, live at my parents house for breaks. I lived in a frat house the past two years, not really any rules against smoking, more just for the couretsy of parents' or other important people visiting (open a window, towel door, smoke dank bud)... come home to my relatively conservative parents who would freak if I smoked in the house. We compromised on letting me smoke in the garage, still get chippy with them about it. Don't worry though, for the times they are a changin.
Aaron? Is that you?

Are you Aaron?
Maybe a dumb question, but how do you keep your car from reeking? My mom drives mine occasionally.
My brother and I used to sneak out on the balcony late at night to smoke. We did the same over thanksgiving like old times sake. Neither of us live at home anymore, but we both brought weed haha. 

Now my buddy and I just smoke in his car or my patio.
I live with my parents too. I just put a towel under my door and puff out the window
A humidifier helps me whenever I start getting a dry throat from smoking. They cost a little bit of money, but it's worth it imo
Humidifier. Maybe drink something thick like whole milk to coat your windpipe before smoking. Seems to help me.
No trespassing, just trees-passing
Applications aren't being accepted yet.  You can buy in 2018 at the earliest, nobody knows where.
My wife and I have a running gag about this when my kid comes over on the weekend.  We smoke in a separate part of the house, and every time we go in for a toke, one of us will inevitably say that exact phrase.
I hate it because when I get high I almost completely lose my sense of smell, so I can never tell if I smell like weed
I love loud smelling weed 
/r/titlegore
Caught in a landslide
Nyc?
The fuck?
I guess I meant to say nightmare cookies for the title... Oops 
Nice man

The CVS on me had Arizona'S on sale 4 for $2.

I now have a pitcher of Arizona Arnold Palmer half-and-half
Yes. K Roger doe the late night win. 
How do you smoke out of this. I'm kind of new 
And a nice blue sky. God i miss a bright blue sky here in The Netherlands.
Nothing new.
Lolololol, I just keep thinking about how a lot of America is like "fuck you" to this dude 
Ain't shit gunna happen, there are no brakes on the MJ train. 

Jeff Sessions has actually had KKK members put to the death penalty. 
Just a heads up, you posted to a subreddit for marijuana enthusiasts. If you're looking for the subreddit about actual trees, it's /r/marijuanaenthusiasts 
[6]
Perfect name. 
I used to play yugioh a lot back in 2007, but it was just the World Championship game for DS. I heard the rules changed quite a bit since then. I'm more of a magic guy now, but I still have a dark dragon deck
Party on Slurms, party on.
WHIMMY WHAM WHAM WHAZZLE!
They call me Elemental hero Blazeman cause I blaze,man
Hey I've got the same bowl, opposite colors! 
Yooo, thats great! I keep a Sparkman card in my stash box for similar pun based reasons.
Damn, I forgot about yugioh lol. I used to fuck with it back in the day, prob stopped in 05/06, but I don't remember that card
Fuckin nostalgia! I was a dork and had dork friends and we would duel a ridiculous amount of times. I rocked an elemental hero deck that I was god damn pround of. I had like 11 fusions haha.
R/stonercringe
Thank you for giving this gift to me
🙄
Buddy summed it up well. I wish I had my tutorial for my blunts done so I could help with that. 😕 looks like homie got it locked down👌☮
Dutch masters are extremely easy for beginners to roll.

1. Wet cigar then cut off the top

2. Unwrap the leaf and place it on flat surface

3. Split the Dutch down the middle and dispose of guts 

4.  Fill wrap with bud and seal (doesn't have to be tight just sealed) 

5. Wet the leaf and roll the wrap in the leaf at an angle until you have your blunt
Killer colors on that! Love the green in it
Edit or is it more yellow? 
If it's made with harmful materials but still works, it's still harmful.
You should try making a gravity Bon....waterpipe... its not that hard, and based off the pic you already have half the supplies.
https://imgur.com/ULEptMO mine
WHAT DO I DO WITH MY HANDS?!?!?!?
Stand near the end? Usually there's a spot at the end down the counter where they give you your sandwich and soup or whatever. Just stand there like you own the place bro. 
sit & wait!
[I feel that](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbcyfRztHmw)
Hahahahah I've had this same problem
posted from /r/uktrees (Original post [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/uktrees/comments/5fh481/petition_although_its_one_of_many_please_show/)). Not trying to steal karma, just trying to make this get noticed!
It's tough out there man, but at the end of the day, you got through the day. Stay on cloud 9 brotha. 
That's the beauty of the internet and Reddit. Always right there with you, no matter where you go. And I hear ya... 2016 has been a massive shit show for me, too. My father died, best friend tried (and failed, for which I'm desperately grateful) to off herself after a breakdown, my mother had multiple hospitalizations, and I have struggled with my own mental and physical health issues. 2016 can DIAF.
Yes you should make that 
www.thetreesnetwork.com my frient
But idk if it ever has been suggested 
Download the show goers attachment for chrome that lets you start a watching party and then post link here. Show goers automatically keeps everyone's Netflix  in sync  
Cancer
This post is slowly killing me. 
It definitely gets you high. You just need to pack it really lose though. It's a different kind of high though, not the same as a bowl or joint.
I tried this once but with just grinded tree. I used about 2gs for a bowl of shisha. Mixed it in very well and smoked it. You get a light weed taste, but the high gradually grows on you. After it was all done, id say i was at a [7] 
Hookah is something I do seriously.

That being said, my friend decided to put keef on his hookah when I went over there for Thanksgiving. It was wretched. I literally gagged when I took a pull. Even after he was done with it and I washed his hookah and made a fresh non-keef bowl, that taste was still there. 

I would never put keef in my own hookahs, it will ruin the pipe, hose and shisha... Then again I have expensive pipes and use top tier shisha.

I mean, if you already use a cheap gas station hookah and shitty Fantasia or Starbuzz shisha, you probably won't notice that big of a difference because you're starting with shit and making it shittier isn't noticeable. 

Just pack a bong and take bong rips between hookah pulls. 
The thing is (with me atleast) is im fine until O eat one thing, ot can be a full meal or as little as a biscuit but that forst bote... always wakes the dragon
Yep and I hate it. Sometimes it helps to eat a big meal before smoking 
Try keeping healthy snacks around. Stuff like frozen grapes, apples, kiwis, strawberries. Pretty much every fruit is amazing when you're high. Water and juice instead of soda. Also, if you are going to eat something like chips, put some in a bowl rather than eating out of the bag. 

I also found that after overeating after smoking numerous times, my brain started to override the hunger because I had associated it with the negative effects of feeling like crap afterwards. Now I don't really get super hungry when I smoke. Some weird pavlovian training or something. 
Yeah, honestly I kind of enjoy not eating while I'm high. It gives me a "cleaner" mindset. Especially since I'd normally eat a burrito or something. I heard grapes are a great high food 
"No I didn't eat too much...!"

*Has shat twice since dinner was over, and it's only been 15 minutes since.*
I ate way too much the other night and could barely even move. I had to lay down and ended up falling asleep immediately. Took the biggest dump ever the next morning
Makes me feel American
Go to sleep and wake up full.. been there
Nom Nom Nom
Aways, and I always feel like shit the next day. I've been trying to drink water and brush my teeth before and after and it seems to help a little. 
I love it in the moment then I hate myself afterwards 
I always have my crudités ready.
Yeah I do the same thing. You can try to keep healthy snacks in the house like fruit or maybe granola bars or something like that. I tried that and it worked for a few weeks but it got to the point where the fruit was so damn good i was eating like 4 apples and like 4 or 5 plums a night. Maybe a mango or a few handfuls of grapes or cherries. Kind of defeated the purpose when it got to that point though :/
Once you get on the munch train, you can't get off 
I've been having this problem lately.i only eat edibles because of convenience and they're wrecking me! I eat like a mad man. My stomach seems endless
I don't necessarily eat too much although it has happened before. I have a problem with spending too much on food that I would never be able to finish. 
I've managed to mitigate this issue by purchasing Costco size cases of sugar-free gum. Minty fresh.
Sugar free hard candy is great for this, esp lifesavers. Don't get sugar free gummies or chocolate though, lol.
Celestial huh?. 😀😂
Yes, and it is biggest thing that is preventing me from losing weight. 

I am currently just barely in normal weight range according to BMI, but I would love to lose 15 or so lbs. 


Last  weekend I was completely full after eating my regular Foods. Then I just had to get something and went to get frozen pizza which I never eat sober and 2 fucking donuts which I either never eat because they were in sale.

Atleast it was only one night  and not 3 days (did 3 days straight of edibles)of binge eating while high  like few weeks ago.


I used to be obese so it is huge concern for me.

Sometimes I surprise myself with how much food I can stuff down my pie hole when Im stoned, enough to make me throw up if i was sober and then some
[celestial]
I just drink a water to suppress the urge to stuff my face
Oh I know that game. I'm just lucky I have a crazy metabolism so it doesn't show haha. 
Once I ingest something, I can't stop watching or drinking that one thing. The other day I just kept downing water to the point I felt bloated as all hell 
When I'm high, it's just an endless pit and everything tastes amazing. Made me fat though deng it
Reading this thread made me not want to eat so just read this after you smoke. 
Fuck this is why I gained weight. Smoked before sleeping and got hella munchies. Boom now I can't get rid of this fat lol
The source doesn't necessarily matter, but with as heavy as you've been smoking and for as long, I can almost guarantee 2 weeks isn't enough time. It stores in your fat cells and shit and can stay in your system for up to a year if the right conditions are met, I've heard. That said, I use synthetic urine and its worked for me everytime so I've never really had to worry about guessing if I've waited long enough/taken the right steps. I've failed a drug test once before I started using synthetic because I drank this shit that's supposed to clean you out in 24 hours and it was so unpleasant to drink and all chemicals and burnt my throat and shit and I still failed. I was so pissed. 
I guarantee testing yourself will give you 1,000x more peace of mind than some internet strangers saying "you're good bro"
You'll pass. 
If you have a dollar tree around they have a test for a buck. But I really do think you should be good for a urine test. My friend passed a urine test only after a month of not smoking. But he did the whole water and B12 thing too just to be sure. 
CloudV Phantom, used my friends and it's amazing 
Go to r/vaporents 
If you are looking for something tabletop, i'd suggest an underdog.
Go with either the Arizer Air, Arizer Solo, or Pax 2.
I have all three of those - you will do well going with any of these as they all satisfy the requirements you put forward.
I'd recommend the mflb it's a really nice device. I know that there are more technologically advanced Vapes but I do love my little wooden box
I've had an arizer air for 3 months now and i recommend it for sure, it's solid. 
What a phenomenal view. Appalachia?
GPS/Rolling Tray 😎
r/stonerengineering 
There's /r/glassheads 
Seems like a vape would be the way to go for snowboarding; only 1 thing to drop in the snow, no spilling, no fumbling w/ fire, etc.
I had my concentrate vape in my pocket too
Nice stealie
Pow laps in november? I can dig it
Ah yes the old "Safety meeting" in the woods 
Colorado? Always wanted to go snowboarding just don't know where to go. 
r/marijuanaenthusiasts is about actual trees :)
Yeah dawg backwoods ftw lmao
I'm kind of curious about the same thing.  According to my fitbit, I was awake for 90 minutes last night and I have no recollection of that at all.
This has to be the most hilarious lines in the movie. I crack up every time.. 
It depends da, heavily, on where you're from.

That would be a good place to start.
I know here in Florida they'll make the paperwork a shitshow probably 
But from what i understand here, you'd have to fill out some forms, pay (I think it's like) $1,000-$2,000 for the license, and then at the current moment you would only be able to grow high cbd strains until they finalize shit and allow a higher thc strain, and then you can grow. They would check on you and regulate you like every week probably but you can grow lol
If I made any mistakes, please lemme know since this is only what I've read recently :)
Hello DEA
That looks like the same pile I accidentally dropped my ounce in... Could I get it back? 
I was fishing that river, whilst smoking weed of course, a month ago! I love visiting Colorado!
Where is that?  I'm from Colorado but really all of it looks like that ha.
He chose you Pikachu!!! 
Sure that's not the only reason ;)
Only Daily Mail? Only weed-based agendas? As long as media outlets are ran by emotional human beings there will always be hidden agendas and bias.
On the coffee table in my living room
On the sill of my front window so close-minded people can admire my goods and be mad it's legal.
Nice try mom
Beats by Dr. Dre box hidden in my room
I have a tin from the queen's golden jubilee I keep it in. I'm not very pro-monarchy so it feels like good use of the thing. Plus, it doesn't arouse suspicion when we have relatives and stuff over 
Kitchen or on my desk. When I was at home and didn't want to worry my mother/smell up the place I kept everything in this big jar with stickers all over it so you couldn't see inside, and then I'd just slip it in the back of my closet/gym bag/whatever.
Cats litterbox. No one would ever think to look there. My cat has been lookin a little glassy eyed since then though. 
On my computer desk. Legal and over 21 here =)

Bit of toke and overwatch
My small stuff all fits in a Tightvac container (meant for storing coffee, dry spices, etc.). I keep that and my bong in a shoebox in the garage to keep away from prying little child eyes.
Fuck. My tongue is getting cut just looking at this. Idk bout yall but pineapple fucks my tongue up 
Nice! I love amber and orange pieces. Something about them. Idk
My friend has the same pipe she calls it "Flat bastard" 
Where can I get a pipe just like this for reasonably cheap? I live in a country where it is illegal so I'm obviously asking for a friend. Not high as I write this. 
grind that up frient 
If you could make a video group chat form that people could toke and listen to the same music (like a r/trees radio type thing) while they seshed together that would be amazing until the excessive masturbaters ruin it.
Probably only a good idea in legal states. I'd advise those who live elsewhere to pass on this even tho it would be cool to meet up and toke it together. 
+1
I'd toke a look at it
Yup, I'd check it out
I'd use it.
Yo make it
wait until you are [0] before thinking about how fucked up your idea is.  This way, you won't ruin your fun.
I would more than definitely use it. I live in an illegal state and it's very hard to find fellow frients around here. Please do this. If you need to start a Kickstarter or something, I would be more than happy to throw money your way :)
I would use the fuck outta it 
Especially the manual transmission. 
If you're going to consistently get wax, I highly recommend getting a rig or pen. Otherwise you'll end up just wasting it really.
You can put wax in your joints. 
Just put some wax on a bowl 
Hot knife FTW every time
You could ghetto rig it and heat up a knife smoke it off that
A piece of heated charcoal works too. 
Knife hit will do it perfectly but don't do it alone in case it fucks you up.
I'm a solid 7 getting to 8. My legs are twitching Cuz reasons. I feel wonderful man 

Good day. 
Usually I'm at like a 8 at this time but I'm on a break:(
Me too bro[6] 
About to take another dab to get to a [8]
Get her a Santa Cruz Grinder
Mendo mulcher.
if she likes star wars there is a death star grinder on amazon for like 15 bucks.i actually sent my bf the link, hoping hed would buy it for me for christmas haha
I use one by a company called Aerospaced. It's such a solid grinder. Huge reservoir and the teeth have stayed so sharp for the last 10 months of HEAVY use. It still only takes like 1-2 twists to grind up even the most dank/moist herb. Not sure if you can find it online or locally but definitely recommend it if so. Best one I've ever owned by far 
if you're looking for something unique/personal there are some rad engraved grinders on [etsy](https://www.etsy.com/shop/Topboro?ref=l2-shopheader-name). Their grinders have interchangable lids so you can mix it up! but be warned they're kinda tiny.
Looks super dense!
Oooh sparkly nails!
just make sure you're applying the dab and not taking the dab of Icy Hot
I was gonna say I don't want to smell like an old person either but that's bengay.  Same difference.  I don't wanna be all tingly.  Well, not from icy hot.  
In college after rugby matches the ents on the team would gather to smoke away the pain and would invariably also apply icy/hot. It's a great smell combo that will always take me back to those days. 
Lol don't you love it tho
Ahahaha this happens to me all the time, tried to watch Westworld at a 10 and did a lot of rewinding.
what show

Is your brother 13
/r/madlads
Hahahaah
3hunna
All the keifs.
About tree fiddy
Yes
5 three times a day
fuck
dank as fuck 

Fuck looks dank is Jager like the Panthers hockey player? He's a fuckin OG
Green crack is the adderrall of marijuana strains. It's ridiculous how fucking wired I feel after smoking it. 
Fuckin love green crack. The first time I tried it I picked up a half ounce from my guy and literally went back the next day to pick up another one haha
Oh man. Green Crack. My friend and I smoke a LOT of that stuff over the most recent summer. Fucked. Us. Up. 
If we really have the same strain, peace out, man. 👌
By chance did you but this grinder off of amazon?
Nice piece bro 👌🏼
eating something always sobers me up a little, not fully though. I think taking a shower also helps. 
shower is the best way 
I always have a couple aderall pills for emergencies. If not, splash some freezing or just cold water in your face a couple times 
Everytime I eat I feel like I lose some of my high but never all of it. Showering does the opposite for me I just feel so clean and good. But I've always used the method of just telling my self over and over again you're sober and I'll eventually come down and calm down lmao. Only ever had to use this once going into work 😂
Eating something. Just don't be dumb and slow if you absolutely HAVE to talk to someone who can't know you smoke. Focus on prompt responses and clarity and volume in your tone. Sober yourself mentally. Play the part, almost make it a fun game to see how well you can play it off like you're not high if you have to. Just do it. 
Does this include dominos australia? Or no?

Update: no.
Are you a Domino's franchisee? 
I just quit dominos because this 50% off stuff is great and all but people buying like 20 pizzas it's so much work 😵🍍🍁💚
I'll give you $11.30 for that pizza right now
This is amazing 
I tried tipping a dominos guy with a bong rip. His response: "No thanks, I don't do drugs." 
This is truly amazing
Holy shit he came through better than expected 
How do we know you didn't just write that yourself?
Pan pizza? Not like it's possible to share those anyway... SO GOOD
I asked mine to draw Bob Marley on the box but they didn't follow through.


I gave them 1 star.
This is amazingggg <3
I bet you thought you were the edgiest kid to ever order a pizza when you asked for a meme
Man I'd love to smoke some of that
Is this a Pasadena dispensary by any chance? I remember seeing this on a menu somewhere...
How do you not get covered in water 😂
White lighter 😖
Isn't Reddit The Matrix??
I definitely agree, especially when you have a community as good as this.

My man, that's some friendship goals right there!!! Good shit 😎
isn't that a method of making hash? don't they do that in morocco or something? just roll it together into a ball?
What are you, his trophy wife?
I had to take a double glance I fort that was an ant on it 😑😑😑
That's so dope bruh!
EDIT: Keep hearing that "Pure mourning" song by Placebo in my head know..
 "A friend in need's a friend indeed, a friend with weed is better ! :)
I thought it was a potato from the preview
I can see the impurities with a naked eye
Where did you get those at?!?!
Can you not just put herb in with the sisha mix?

Are you talking about putting like cannabutter into sisha? Or are you talking about like bho or something like that?
Yea I was thinking more on mixing bho into the shisha mix and I've heard that you can mix weed with the shisha but idk it would be my first time trying it iv looked up a lot of different threads and stuff like that but the way to smoke in a hookah hasn't really been set in stone I think
I would be so worried about breaking it....
I have the same bowl but white.
Not funny but interesting.   I just watched Culture High on Netflix.   It's a little biased and you can tell by how the beginning is.  But it has some good info in it.   There are other documentaries I plan to watch on Netflix, too. 
Oh, Smiley Face was funny
Half Baked is pretty great
Nathan for You, Eric Andre Show, Space Time Odyssey, Adventure Time or Rick and Morty if you like cartoons, Archer is great too.
Mysteries of the Unseen World on netflix.


thank me later
Broad City on Hulu is pretty funny, somewhat similar to Workaholics. While it isn't a show based solely on weed, ganja and related humor shows up quite a bit 
Planet earth!! 
So hungry[8]
no.
No haha you took a small break so the next few times you get high you'll get higher than usual. If you want to reset your tolerance take 2 weeks off 
Even 48 hours is a noticeable break, but then your tolerance will rebound very quickly. It's better to take longer breaks and "trick" your body into believing no more floods of THC will be coming, which re-sensitizes your receptors.
My brother and I smoked with my Dad once in the basement of his place. It was super late and we'd been drinking, so even though he didn't smoke that much, he still got super tired. He went upstairs to go to bed and my brother and I chilled in the basement for a little while longer before we headed upstairs to find something to eat. The stairs from the basement come out into a hallway with a door to the bathroom right on the other side, and it’s one of those small ones with just a toilet and a sink. So my brother and I come up the stairs and my Dad’s standing in the bathroom with his dick hanging out like he’s peeing in the toilet, but he obviously finished a while ago or else we would have heard him peeing coming up the stairs. I call to him, quiet at first because Mom was sleeping, and he doesn’t respond. He’s obviously spaced the fuck out right now, probably at a [9] or [10], so I call to him a little louder. He then snaps out of it, puts his pecker away, and says “Wow, I just got back” and then he went upstairs to bed. 

He never smoked weed again.
>This is important

>This isn't that important, sorry

I laughed so hard my dog came to check on me. [6]
Not funny but related : I smoked with my dad a couple times after he and my mom got a divorce, he hadn't smoked in years so i packed a small spliff and we smoked it while having a weird conversation, i could clearly see he was spacing out and not making much sense while I was still pretty sober cause, yknow, small spliff, then we get up to go watch a movie and and he tried to open the door, he bugged out, fell on his side and was unconscious for a few seconds. Very scary, didn't smoke together again and are now back to the boring routine. FeelsBadMan we never really connected and even weed couldn't make the trick... Remember to go easy on your old parents if they wanna smoke, and take charge of everything, because in my case i think he actually bugged out on the window-door opening which is a little weird, and that was it...
Ahh nothing like getting someone accidentally too high. 

I used to have the bong of death. It's like people couldn't figure out how to get the piece off, so they would just keep inhaling trying to clear. Ofc it doesn't clear.

One time it killed 2 people in a row who couldn't figure it out and then the 3rd person died clearing it for real haha. The first person who hit it ended up walking downtown from my place (about 30 min at least) and then called his parents because he was lost. 
LOL
This reminds me of when I was smoking at a friends house one time and asked if he ever made a gravity bong before. When he said no I just had to show him since it's super easy to make and a great way to get ripped and save bud. While we were smoking his dad came down in his Jimmy Neutron pajamas (real old school stoner) and asked if he could get a few hits. When he saw the gb (full 2 liter, not that water flow shit) he was like "what the shit is this?" We had to teach him how to load it and everything. He took one hit and his eyes got really wide. He just said "holy shit" and ran back upstairs. It was hilarious.
>Marijuana defeated the patriarchy. [8]

/r/tldr
Mawp mawp
FWIW playing music is my favorite thing to do to mellow me out when I've had a bit too much. It makes my brain concentrate on the music and not the fact that I'm in orbit around Pluto.
> I tried to calm him down with YouTube videos


lmao haha
Hey, at least you can know that you made someone at a [0] laugh pretty hard. 
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/bestoftldr] [TL;DR: Marijuana defeated the patriarchy.](https://np.reddit.com/r/bestofTLDR/comments/5fdq6a/tldr_marijuana_defeated_the_patriarchy/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
A jetway? Like the tube they drive up to the planes that you deplane on?
Loved the TL;DR. If anything's going to defeat the patriarchy, it's definitely going to be some dank ass kush
My guy frank in the cut burnin it down haha for a second I was so confused because it looked so real I was like ah your smoking to smoking, smoking a bong? That's not gaming lol then it hit me. That is the guys name on GTA right? Frank? 
Not a fan of single player but I'm online every week.
I play online a lot, and I'll tell you what's fun. Smoke a lot in the game then get in your car. Drive in first person. But make sure you smoke yourself in real life first. Holy shit it's fun! 
SAME! I remember vomiting shortly after gagging on the hit.. haha
Did it taste like corn ? 
May the winds of shit pass over your crop
Randy the bigger one?
Just don't feed them liquor instead of water :P
Excellent names hahaha they should turn out just fine
make sure to feed Randy 14-15 cheeseburgers a day!!
Good to see Randy isn't wearing a shirt.
$12 a gram. Firms. 
she's so pretty when she's clean.
That's an awesome piece man, where did you get it?
I'd like to know where you got that cool thermometer, I've been trying to find one like that for good price. 
That pipe is so sick
did you get this from a hemper box?
wishing i was baked
I'm feeling good, just browsing before I fall asleep. 
Stay glazed in the haze dude. I can't wait for FF15 too, hope to have a ps4 soon. :/
Hello friend, just visited Florida for the first time a couple weeks ago. Was really enjoying the weather there, now I'm back in Chicago ):
I once read that THC decreases the level of sugar in your blood. Being lightheaded, paranoid/scared,  fast/irregular heartbeat are all symptoms of hypoglycemia. I sometimes feel similar to what you described, so  I eat a lot of sugary foods and it stops within half an hour or so. However I don't know if that is 100% correct and not just placebo effect. 
Sounds like a panic attack. Obv I'm not a doctor. Good luck op
This literally happened last night to me too. What I did to come down was eat a lot of bread, and drank cranberry juice (not for any particular reason, it was just the most sugary drink I have). That helped quite a bit. 
Hello little Jellyfish 
Those mushroom smoke surely do bring in the effect
yall b wack about driving and smoking
they look like mushrooms
Everyone getting high in their car before setting out to drive freaks me out. You are committing a DUI, and you are making the rest of the law abiding ents look bad. Stop getting high and driving for fuck sake !
Fuck yeah, HexOhm! Craving Vapor is one of my clients :)
Where the invite at
Always fun when everyone is on there phone.
Looks like some tasty bud, bud. 😏
It's so interesting that you have a relationship with your mom like that. My mom knows I smoke as well and is okay with it as long as doing well for myself but I don't think she'd ever smoke with me.
Dobbie; a joint 
Well it was a roach [7] by the time I even realized to get a photo....😜🌲😜🌲😜
Low key milf
Papa bless MaMa Trees
dubbie
To me it just looks like a Metapod.
Nothing to write home about but I've def smoked worse, and I'm in a legalized state.
You can tell it's weed by the way that it is
Looks like weed to me.   Smoke that shit and eat cookies. 
It doesn't look bad doesn't look great not bad for a new beginner score 👍📶
Looks good. Enjoy it buddy
Call me crazy or just high.. [6] but that looks like Durban Poison. Obviously could be wrong. 
It looks like it's not enough 😉
looks a bit dry but still fine, enjoy smoking!
Put that in the freezer for 10 or 15 minutes and smack it on a table. All the kief will come out and you will have a clean grinder and a little kief to spice up a bowl.
I don't really like the pyramid style grinders, the diamond ones that fill the height of the chamber feel like they work better
Any chance you stayed at the Airbnb called Campsterdam? Table looked familiar; they had a grinder like that as well 
They look like the bulldog grinders 
You could say the exact opposite:

LPT: clear out your bowl after each session so resin doesnt build up as fast
Why would anyone older than 14 want that.  

LPT:buy shit weed, it costs less and you'll have more stems to smoke when you run out.
I don't want to partake in resin. That's for poor college kids in a bind.
that's not what you want
That's the opposite of a LPT.
I getcha, OP. Resin is shitty, but if you're dry and it's all you got, you can still get high af 
I don't think this is the sub for me...
There's no such thing as a "full" stash
The power of now very powerful
I bet you could definitely enhance that full-stash feeling...
ALL IM SAYING IS I rather smoke one blunt and be blazed af than fucking two or three and barely get "high" 
Shit I have that exact same jar!!! Except mines empty :(
Bud looks like mids.
When cavemen discovered fire so they could light it
My theory is that first a caveman probably ate the plant and found it to be relaxing and over time humans used it, discovered it more and started to cook with it, maybe make teas, then someone threw one a fire and sat by the smoke and that's when they started making some stone pipes and shit
[deleted]
Damn man! This is common though, stoners curse! Try getting a lil bubbler maybe?
Been there :/ it looks like only a small part of the base broke there. get some non-toxic glass epoxy and glue the piece in. Let it sit a few hours and add an extra coat. Do this until you ave 4 coats on there and then give it 24 hours. This worked for me
That's the same one I have, its hella fragile. I've broke the weed holder already and now it's useless.
At least it wasn't super expensive
I literally bought that exact pipe from my head shop for 10$ just get a new one
Just wasn't meant to be 
Aww man what a bummer. I can't believe I've never broken a bong myself. The first one I ever bought has been used several times every week for almost 4 years and it's still in one piece. It has been starting to gain sentimental value and I'm getting more and more worried about when the inevitable happens.  
Those pieces, while fun, tend to be notoriously thin. Try to find one with a thicker base! It'd be fun to go out and try to pick one together. I've smacked the bottom of my bong on my sink, counter, etc while cleaning and it doesn't have even the slightest crack in it.
Holy shit I bought that exact same bong at a flea market. But I put it in the dishwasher to clean it (before I knew about isopropyl) and it blasted all the color off. 
I use a transformer tube. 

Transformertubes.com
Duuuude, the same thing happened to me, my gf bought me this huge awesome piece, lot's of percs and stuff, second day I had it I dropped and one of the percolator sections broke. Shit sucks.
[tell your wife to buy you one of these](https://www.roll-uh-bowl.com/)

Nothing against the gift she got you, but it's pretty thin and not the best quality glass. I suggest thicker glass (Grav Labs is a good one) or going with silicone.

I hate eating the bottom bag cereal dust, it's so gritty and fucks up the left over milk. 
Shout out to pouring Belvedere in your cereal 
That is a moment of pure observational genius.
I really thought you put Kief in your cereal at first! Had to read the title a couple times (yea I'm stoned AF and 5 beers in at 8:22 am., mistakes have been made) the tiny bits of goodness flavor that milk (or vodka, ya know, to each their own) wonderfully. 🙃
God that's crazy..and you're right too! 
It's a part of this complete breakfast!
Does it smoke the same? I bet not
No no no no no that's the worst part but I respect your opinion 
Damn, vodka in the cereal?!? I mean that's *one* kind of bowl to get you feelin' nice!
I personally hate those  tiny bits..
I had nooo idea people ate this
Yuck, cereal dust is gross and clumpy and has no texture and the flavor is too concentrated or uneven.  You smoking some crazy stuff, son.
I knew I wasn't the only one! I had a baked moment eating cheerios and I got to the bottom and said "heh... cereal keif" lol [7]
Shit trys to murder me every time I eat it.
I like warming up my milk so it dissolves the sugars and it tastes nice and sweet when i drink it, even better when cereal kief is added then!
cief
More like shake if you ask me
shits whack man
My daughter calls this "bonus cereal"
Vodka and cereal, the breakfast of champions 
What camera did you take this on dude?
I totally misunderstood at first. I was thinking 'Dude, you have to heat it up, it won't do anything if you just eat it.' then realized what you meant.
Thats shake not kief
How does it fuck it up? The milk absorbs it and it makes the milk taste better...
When you think of it, its not very different.

"Oh yeah, been saving up for this! Time to put the best part on top of my bowl... oh shit, I dumped half on it, that a lot. Oh well... Well since I have enough for another bowl Ill just make another one." (20 minutes later) "Oh god that second bowl was a bad idea, uuuuuuhhhh. There is no way I'm leaving the house today. No way" *nap time begins*
more like shake in my opinion

New Strain Name here and now go:

Keefy Krunch (Capt Crunch)
Count Keef-you-love (Count Chocula)
Frosted Flakes
Keef-e-O's ( Cheerios )
Two-Can-Dab (Tucan Sam)

Genie? The blue reminds me of the Robin Williams character from Aladdin. That, and if you rub it right, your dreams will come true, lol.
How do you guys feel about Sonic, like from sonic the hedgehog? 
Ray Rice because it hits hard
John stamos 
Misty like from Pokemon lol 
Ice Twister
Milky mountain 
Crest... the blue looks like wave crests in the ocean
Cloud Factory
Blue Angel
Blue Steel.

Blucifer
Charley
Blueberry swirl?
Naughty Smurf
Why does a pipe need a name??
Little bill
Idk if you already named it but I think " The Ice King of Doom"
Bong. 
Someone explain to me the need to name pieces. I've never felt the urge to do this?
Email the manufacturer 
Smoking one now!!! Sorry for your news!
My mother just passed from cancer as well.
I ripped a big one for your buddy, and I'm sorry for everyone else in this thread who has lost someone close.
Don't get too high on the highs or low on the lows ents. 
I'm so sorry about your friend and mother. Cancer is awful and no one deserves to go through that pain. My best wishes go to you and everyone else this disease has effected

really sorry to hear about that bro, will definitely toke one up once I get bud tomorrow. 
My condolences, smoking 2 blunts for your friend now. Also I'm sorry it's such shitty timing with it being finals season, as a fellow student I feel your pain.
I'll smoke more than one for him.
Lost too many people to cancer...
Fuuuck cancer.
My father passed from cancer a few months ago. I will definitely tribute a joint to your friend tonight.
I don't have bud but I'll smoke a wet bud from the garden bc this is important. 

much love to you and your friend, don't be afraid to message me (or anyone else who offers) if u gotta get some stuff off your chest. cheers, good luck on your test, you got this  
Just packed a joint, I'll smoke it in your friends honor 🔥
Lighting up for you and your friend, sending all of the positive vibes that I can for you guys.  :( 

We recently lost my father in law to cancer, I'm thankful that at the end he was able kick back and smoke like the story's he told me of his youth. 
I just lost a friend to cancer last night. Treasure your time together ❤️
I'm about to pack a bowl. My condolences man... I can't imagine what I'd do in your situation. Make the best out of the time that you have left with him.
[deleted]
I'm so so sorry to hear that, I just shed a tear for you and your friends situation. I just recently won a battle with cancer, and I couldn't be more grateful. If I had been told 6 months left, I can only begin to imagine how hard that would be. My next one is definitely going out to you guys.
Fuck Cancer.
My bowl is for your friend. Tokes for da cure
This bowls for your homie and you, my man. We got your back.
I haven't smoked in so long cause I have to stay in shape for basketball but I'm ripping it tonight man. Sending the vibes your way dude b
I was just about to sleep but ill hit a deep toke from my vape bretherent. Sorry to hear about this, stay strong <3
Sorry for the news brother I'll smoke a fat fat joint right when I get back to SF for your homie. 
Smoking one now. Damn. I'm so sorry, bro. I can't imagine how you two must feel.
Fuck cancer, the fucking worst. Sending love and positive vibes your guys' way!
Just had my bowl fresh packed when I read this, this whole sesh is in your friends honor man, toke on buddy.
Grandpa died last week of cancer. Just packed one for ya. :'(
You might be interested in this:

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwZ8oPBR4D7hOwpHhK4BPrg/videos

This dude is documenting his battle with cancer. He's kicking it's ass. He's doing smart shit, you still have a chance. Give it all you fucking got.

If you use THC oil, make sure it's very high quality (get from someone you trust 100% or make it yourself) because they are not legally allowed to sell a very high THC amount most likely. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ZK-1hQ9QbQ
Damn good guy OP, responding to like 50 people
When I was in college, my best frient and roommate was diagnosed with Lymphoma.  
He left me his bubbler before he left the state to go spend his last days with his family.  
These days, I only smoke it on special occasions. Usually his birthday, or if I'm going to a concert of a band he used to like, or something.  
Tonight I will pack it in honor of your friend. 
We're all sending good thoughts his way. I wish the best for both of you. 

I'm glad you felt comfortable enough to post; us ents are always here to listen. 
This huge cone goes out to your buddy. My condolences man.
Sorry to hear man, give him our best. I just rolled a J for your buddy
This one's for your friend. I wish you the best. 
Stay strong yo, this one is for you and your friend! 
Dude fuck cancer. Lost my grandpa in August after 3 hard years. I'm so sorry. 
If I weren't dankrupt I would. But I'm here to say. Fuck cancer. Like actually. Fuck that stupid shit.
It might not be much, but I'm smoking this one for you and your frient right now. I'm sorry to hear the news, buddy.

https://www.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/5fadc4/smoking_this_one_for_one_of_our_fellow_ents_send/?st=IW1QM8JU&sh=2e57b7e7
Your friend will be in my thoughts for every blunt rolled in the next six months

Sincerest apologies, friend! This is not something we as humans ever deserve to experience. But seeing as you're a very good friend, he could be a lot worse off. The best you can do is to spend every day with him just as you normally would and not because of a "time limit", so to speak. Continue the same friendship you've always had. Also, the trees will help him feel a lot more at ease and should deal with his pain, if any. Best of luck to the both of you! Always know you have a family here
will blaze a twax joint for him this weekend,

Best regards
Sorry to hear it, man. 

My Brother was diagnosed with lat stage mesothelioma a few months ago. 

I feel you. Smoking one now. 

I shall spark the largest of blunts in honour of your friend tonight. Cheers m8.
So sorry to hear that my friend. Stay strong and make the absolute best out of the time left. Celebrate their life! 
Super high and reading this now. Makes my heart hurt. Dedicating the rest of my bowl and my prayers to your friend.
Had a cousin who died way too young from leukemia. I feels it :/ I'll take a toke and say a prayer fellow ent. 
He needs cannabis oil ASAP — all info required in here www.hempcures.work
Fuck man, i'll smoke a fattie after school for him. Just make the most of the time he got left and spend as much time together as possible 
brother had cancer not too long ago and was one of the lucky ones. came out of chemo clean. keep your head high for your friend. we all sending you love homie.
Take the estimates with a grain of salt. I got a cancer diagnosis at 19 and they gave me less than a year. I'm 34 now. Tell him to seek treatment, as early as possible.
My condolences, I know how you are feeling, my father passed away this october.
Fucking cancer. 
I wish you all the best and much strength for the time to come!
Greetings from Germany
Pretty much everyone that's died in my family since I was a child, died from cancer. It's a bitch to beat. I am sincerely sorry for you. I will be smoking one for your frient tonight. I know things get tough, but there's not much else to but soldier on. I know it's generic advice, but it really is true. Much love and toke on, my frient.
In my fingers as we speak
Smoked my last joint in his name man <3
Usually, when I got home from work, I smoke one tiny one and paint. Today, I will lit one monstersized, paint, and send good mind-vibes to your friend.

Peace.

I'm so sorry frient, multiple blunts in the air tonight.
I wish you the best in your exams mate and hope your friend makes the best of the time he has left.
My thoughts go out to (y)our frient. Stay strong and be there for him, we're here for you, brother/sister.

Grandfather passed from cancer just two weeks ago so I understand what you're going through. It's tough man, I'll smoke 1 for you and your friend once I get out of my psych class.

(edit: inclusion)
Shit, thats gotta be hard dude. I'll toke one for your friend. I hope you well
Take it easy bruv. I'll smoke one for you and your mate tonight. Best wishes 
Lost my best friend after 10 years. That guy was a two minute walk from my house for the majority of that duration. I'm gonna toke a nice bowl for you and your mate, mine as well. Keep the grind going bud, life is a journey and we must persist through the tough times, even if it means leaving behind things.

Cheers
Phoenix Tears. Research that. Find it, make it, try it. May not do anything, but if theres a chance then why not try! Fuck cancer. Hopefully your friend kicks the fuck out of it.
http://imgur.com/a/wiROG 7 grams for your friend. And good vibes, make sure the last months count!
This hits so hard. Spend a lot of time together, do everything you can within you and your friend's limits, and focus on the good times. Packing and smoking right now for you, man. Much love <3
sad news man, hope youre gucci soon
<3
Gonna light up tonight buddy, I wish your friend all the best. Make sure he lives every day to the fullest!
Sending some positive vibes to your friend way. I had a friend who went thru the same thing but at the end he was able to beat cancer in the ass. I hope your friend come out of this victorious. 
Smoke your friend up as much as you can.
That sucks man. Sorry for the bad news. 
Sending love to you both, life never feels more real or cruel than in these moments. Will smoke one up for you from the UK 
We got you homie. This ones for you and your friend 
Get to Colorado find some 99.9% CBD Oil and gave your friend take it by dropping a drop or two under his tongue every day.  In less than a month the CBD will have killed off all cancer cells while leaving his healthy ones in tact.  

No matter how far along the cancer has developed it should be curable..
Major rips to your homie man. Lost someone I called a brother earlier this year. Shit sucks. Don't let it affect your friendship though. He may get tired and may not feel good. Be there for him though. It helps alot. 
best wishes and thoughts go out to both you and your friend. i will smoke one at work for him
Sending positive vibes your way. Enjoy your time together
I got you. Smoke and prayers.
> we pretty much tried everything together for the first time

Oioi that kinda friendship ;) 

Foreal though, just take the time you need be you with your mate you can always redo shit so take that time out now "invest it" as a memory of your friend.
We were just given 6 months for my grandpa as well. And I was told he doesn't remember me anymore. Hitting pretty hard. Sorry man. 
CBD oil!!

Will smoke (or more) for BOTH of ya!
I've got a friend like that. I've only known him for 3 years but he is literally closer to me than anyone I have ever met. I've had so many experiences with him. We are both going into the army together and I'm terrified something might happen to him. I'm really sad to hear that someone is going through what I am scared of having to do. I guess the only thing I can say is be happy that you met someone that good to you and that you had the experiences you did and I hope you have more up until he's gone. Il light one up for you and him when I get home today. Best of luck to you and your friend. 
Yeah I'll let me friends know tonight during [P]lanet Earth, good luck on the final and hoping for the best
I'm really sorry 😔 my grandma currently has lung cancer, it's a really terrible disease. it's times like these that you realize how meaningful and fragile life really is. I'll smoke a bowl for him tonight 
Hey, man, I know I'm late, but I'll take a "fuck cancer" toke for your friend if you take one for my mom. She passed away at the end of September after a short fight with cancer. 
So sorry dude, I just found my biological mother and discovered she has metastatic stage four breast cancer. Cherish the memories and make new ones while you can. Toking one for you both man, hugs and internet love. 
All the love in the world to you. I feel the pain all too well. Watched my grandma die of cancer, and my 16 yr old nephew is dealing with it now. Much love and smoke <3
Hang in there bud. Stay strong. 
I feel for ya my man. This next toke goes to your buddy. I wish you both the best !
I'll do a load in my MFLB for him tonight, best wishes to him and you. 
Out of bud so I'm having a few bevs for your man. My condolences and stay positive :)
Blazing right now. Solid [8] for your buddy. 
So sorry to hear about your friend, smoking one for you both. Hope your final went well man, respect and love from the UK
Stay strong bro.. Cancer is fucking terrible man.. mom of one of my friends got diagnosed with cancer 2 weeks ago.. shit is awful man, stay strong.
Your friend just isn't [smoking enough weed.](https://www.cancer.gov/about-cancer/treatment/cam/hp/cannabis-pdq) He still has 6 months to correct it!
ITT: Everyone looking for an excuse to smoke tonight.
I can't eat certain things while high. Definitely screws with my sense of taste. In particular I gag around seafood while high.
I don't eat anything while high.   Just think of it as preserving your high and not gaining any weight.  Not like you're being deprived of anything.  
Is that a jet water pipe???
Favourite bong
My fuckin man. I love seeing other people with jets
And bro why haven't you peeled the sticker off the front of your Xbox? It's just so satisfying. 
Questions to everyone with a jet ...
1. Do you think that this is better than pieces at comparable prices?
2. Do you think that buying the additional percs is necessary or is it smooth enough as it?
I'd be happy with just the beer. 
HARPOON! <3 I miss home. :(
⚪️⚪️white lighter alert!!⚪️⚪️
jet twinsies <3
Do you always upvote pool guy?😂😂
As promised, I still have herb and money to burn. No limit on the responses on this one. I will close it on Friday and hope to have results back no later than the following Friday. 
did it for u
Hey, completed the survey, you should add the abilities to pick more than one option on the proffered smoking method question. 
I had chocolate milk but i was so stoned i poured it in my table. Not a glass. 
Wooooooooowwwwwwww [8]
This made me think. If we forget about something, do we still own it? Idk if this shit makes sense [6]
...*right*
Nah man I'm pretty sure that's just weed 
Why grandma,what little crystals you have
Its almost black. You sure that's safe?

Wait until there's no teeth hole
you dont want a dry socket.  edibles. 
Dry socket is not worth the risk! Just wait it for a while until your mouth is healed.
[deleted]
I bet you realy love your job.. hell even i love your job!!!!
Lena Dunham? *shudders*
snip snip snip
You have my dream job
Work harder comrade. 
I love it!
I can just imagine it being Orange and Loud. Can't wait to smoke it! lol
#notmystrain
This strain is going to be yuuuuuuuuge my fellow ents
"Agent Orange"
Should be called MAGA Kush. 
I would have sex with rhat weed and make weed babies and i would smoke my offspring that looks bomb
Nobody is going to give free, reliable, specific, legal advice online. Good advice isn't free, and free advice isn't good. Your best bet is a lawyer.  If it's a general question, then /r/legaladvice is your best bet. 
your ring is dope! and awesome joint of course :)
Your ring looks just my friend's who is also an ent. 
Loving the rolling paper! You did great for your first time rolling. My first joint looked pregnant lol Enjoy!
You have a teeny tiny leaf in your hair
Yoga style*
I was thinking "yeah, that's awesome, r/trees should have their own secret santa, I'd get them an aussie flag grinder" ... checks username... "ahh ya cunt"
You just wanna get in my pants, stop with the games.

*and I want you in my pants...*
Shoutout RL ent 
Fucking love my ents in Australia 
What speaker is that?
Where is that coin from? I've seen the pineapple grinder coin many times, and I think there might be one in my old coin collection. They're kind of sorted by country... I think?
My buddy has one of these in his grinder too. We call it the Bahama dolla haha
So, this might be a dumb question but what is the coin for? 
Or you looked for one of these coins so you could make this post
It's definitely not weird. Generally it's weird to name and anthropomorphize inanimate objects. IDK why pieces get a pass. 
I have named some and it was mostly in high school because we used it kinda as a code. Like " oh dude! Let's go to w's and chill with big bertha." That was a big ass bong I had that had some sexy curves😂 other than that I don't seem to name them because I'll get them and then they break or something and I just don't see them being as important sentimentally.
I named my car.  I had a little spoon that was gifted to me 10 years ago named tink.  I had friends at that time that named their pieces but I had never named mine before then (not did any of the people I smoked with at the time).   I guess you kind of bond with them?  So you name them?   Hell if I know.   In that case I should suggest that my mom name the keurig I'm giving her for Xmas. 
I never know what I should name them, but if I did I might name a few
I like it 
The top left bowl is a beaut and the kit is dope man
Oh you should check out r/battlekits then
If your in a legal state your solid. Here in FL I'd be better off just putting it in my back pack n ridin out 
Pipe, lighter, grinder, weed.. just like tens of thousands of others.
I think it has to do with smell, but it's some kind of young person lingo....
"Loud" refers to the potency of the weed. For example, a strain that gives you a very strong, full body high is loud. It is commonly used to refer to high-THC California strains.
[deleted]
Cause it's always yelling so loud at you
Its about how hard the weed hits you, so how potent it is. 

Like, imagine, if something hits you real hard, it will make a loud sound. 

Have you ever smoked a joint that just hit you really hard immidiately? Its a loud feeling.

And the smell
Two different kinds of loud.   There's the "grades" of weed kind.  Like you have 'reggie, mids, and loud' which just means like low, mif, and top shelf as far as strength goes.  Loud is current slang for high grade weed and I think it's dumb and don't use it but lots of people do and that's fine. I'm like an old person being all 'get off my lawn' about it. 

Or loud as in it smells "loud" which I find annoying.  It's just the current slang.  Just saying it smells really strong.   My husband will walk in and say "it smells loud as hell in here" even though he's just smelling what's clinging to my hair and clothes because I smoke outside.  I'm rambling.  

Anyway.  That's my long, ridiculously drawn out explanation of "loud".
Have yourself a nice bowl and find out
Loud is strictly about smell. Not quality or anything like that. Sure, better smelling stuff is usually higher quality. But you don't take a hit and then say "that was loud" to mean "good." You say either that weed is loud or you're loud from smelling like it after smoking 
Some weirdos think they can hear marijuana sounds that are loud. I personally never hear such things but maybe I'm just not hipster enough
He he bewbz
She has a lovely smile
love the camera work here. the uh.. lighting is just fantastic...
The nails though. Best ones I've seen on here lately 😉
What purpose does the coin serve 
Is it necessary  to have a coin inside your grinder? 
Looks like a 1937 nickel in a 2016 grinder...
My girlfriends mom gave her one of those before she died and now my girlfriend wears it as a necklace.
Your coin is racist
On a scale on 1 to blue, how many stars are there during the 29th of February full moon?
So high, he forgot he was doing an AMA. 
Why have you not answered any questions yet?
Excuse me miss Debbie downer but he's just fucking stoned😂 he probably didn't mean to come off like that! (I don't think he was but I mean it's the tone you read it in) He just took a big dab! His brain going mushy for a few minutes!
How do you feel? What do your surroundings looks like? Favorite moment this month? Thanks 
Who did you vote for?
What's your setup like? 
What makes you think you are interesting or unique enough that people want to ask you stuff?
I have an acoustic and I play and sing Don't Look Back In Anger to annoy my girlfriend. 
Let's just overlook the fact that the driver had a blood-alcohol content almost twice the legal limit for driving. It was definitely the devil's lettuce that caused this.
^^^what ^^is ^^^^wrong ^^my ^friend
Are you in a graveyard?
Hahaha, you should probably stop. You may just end up frustrating yourself. 
Daaamn. Better get those colors sorted out, yo.
No clue my grandma just passed me a jay when I turned 18 and she said have fun kid I looked up to her with my doggy puppy eyes in tears and got LITT
It's been around for a loooooooong time, I dunno if it's just pro-legalization proganda, but people claim it's been described in the bible.
The Emperor Wears No Clothes - Jack Herer
Everyone grew hemp, europe, the middle east, asia, it was very effective. 

Im pretty sure nobody can grow that much hemp over so long time without finding out about the funnier side of the plant
I have one, tastes like ash no matter what.
I've had one of these for awhile! It's definitely my go-to to-go bong 
link
That shit looks like powder kraft cheese
Can I catch a ride with you? That's one of my favorite destinations!

Haha...Happy travels!
See you on Mars!  
That'll just about do it I believe.

But aren't you worried about overdosing?
No double blunt tho 0/10

Jk, I'm about to pass out [9] kief too strong.

Provecho my frient!
Seeing that piece sit so close to the edge of the step gives me anxiety.
Your wife's feet next to you?   
Pool guy with glass!! Never thought I'd see the day.  I feel like I've just seen a unicorn
Loved this post
I think alot of parents have that attotude towards it, its just a different generation, and they worry cause they care 🙃

But no, other than the fact that smoke in general = bad for lungs, I dont personally know of any major draw backs to green
One problem with cannabis research is that, under prohibition, research is difficult to undertake.  All cannabis has to come from the federal government, there's only one farm, and there's lots of red tape involved.  So the truth is that most research on the long term effects of cannabis on mental and physical health is inconclusive due to its paucity. Colorado and Washington have both expressed a willingness to encourage cannabis research, so hopefully we'll have a better understanding in the future.

Cannabis isn't some sort of magical vitamin; it's a drug.  Long term habitual use of any drug is going to have side effects; it would be unrealistic to assume cannabis is any different.

Humans aren't designed to smoke marijuana every day, let alone several times a day.  There are going to be trade offs.  The fact that we don't have a complete understanding of the risks doesn't mean they don't exist.

We know that although cannabis isn't physically addictive, it can be psychologically addictive.  Many habitual users experience mild to severe discomfort when they stop regular use.

There's evidence that regular cannabis use before the early 20s may affect brain development.  There's some evidence that long term habitual use can lead to respiratory problems. There's evidence (primarily anecdotal) that habitual cannabis use can inhibit ambition and motivation.
if your young and your brain is not fully developed, weed can have permanent negative affects on your brain and increase your chances of getting schizophrenia. if your older and smoke every day than you wont have much dopamine and you'll feel more depressed. also something about low sperm count but I don't really know much about that.
Dude my parents were the same way. Marijuana is not like alcohol is how I tried explaining it to them. Marijuana legitimately has a medicinal value and has a wide variety of treatments. Yes I get high. But when I'm depressed theres a strain to help. When I can't eat bc I'm depressed. There's a strain to help me. When I'm having muscle pains or head aches. There's a strain to help. I've suffered no illnesses or anything like that from mmj. 
I'm drink 
Great job! 
Blunt looks nice; Rod seems cool.
looks awesome and super cool ashtray
Make sure you put pictures on here of every joint you roll
Nice drawing
Not a fan of TFB, but I can respect your music choices man. 

I recently went to a Weezer concert and picked up a lighter and some rolling papers from their merch booth. Pretty sweet.
i mean... TFB knows their audience by selling lighters 😂
I love The Front Bottoms! Saw them in concert recently and it was great 
i used to be a huge TFB fan. i've moved on now to Jank and TWIABP. 10/10 would recommend!
I have the same problem. Im pretty sure that its due to the fact that i cant concentrate as easily then if im sober so i zone out and loose my hard on. 
Ask a doctor?  Viagra?
This is science. Not gonna search for the study but it has to do with the relaxing of muscle tissue near the penis.
Really? I can't not pop a bone when I am stoned 
I got no problem
Has the opposite effect for me. That shit is like viagra. 
Get a better looking girl friend?
Still illegal.  It's illegal to transport marijuana across state lanes, even from legal state to legal state.
Yea the Feds would be at your door lol
Edit: [7] first time chiefin after 2 week T-break...
What's your favorite stain? This gives me a great body and mind high and pain relief.  
p.s. I never knew what people meant by diesel before coppin' this 
Haha that's awesome, a buddy of mine rolled a nice cross joint a few years back when I was younger. How did it burn? 

Cakeday and bakeday, nice
Nothing beats finding a nug after thinking your dankrupt 
Happy cakeday
Idk if it's weed if it's making shit look like that bro 
Is this real life?
Or is just an app I see? 
Collecting trays.
Never been used? Absolutely
Clean glass is _never_ an issue.
Inside smell-proof bags inside of a container of something (tobacco or a food product or anything concealing and preferably heavily scented) and that inside of a mason jar will work wonders for just about anything. 
Roses flowers
I think you might be lost
i am try to post orher  sub cat but not  post
[Lick lick lick my balls!](https://uproxx.files.wordpress.com/2015/08/rick-morty-catch-phrases-12.gif?w=650)
[The legal age will be 21.](https://ballotpedia.org/Massachusetts_Marijuana_Legalization,_Question_4_(2016) Scroll down to "Ballot summary" to see where the legal age is mentioned. 
As a fellow MA ent; I'm almost positive it is going to be 21 yrs old for legal mj consumption.
gotta be 21
dont worr y about me man :) ill be okay
Downvoting on grounds of this post breaking sub rules. Don't ask for connections on here. Sorry, man. 
Cheers. Hope you find the bud you're looking for. 
Lmafooooo
FUCK mannn... that keif on that blunt...
Shit looks sticky! What state?
Greetings Oregon ent.  This place looks familiar :)

Chillum gang representative!
Where in Oregon?
Jfc. Yes. 
I hate that grinder. Ive gotten it stuck several times and the screen popped out after scooping up the weed. I bought it so i could grind up a lot of weed at one time to speed up making edibles. It definitely did not speed up the process
What are you going to name it?
I liked this grinder until my buddy dropped the lid from his lap while we were burning and it dented the shit out of the lid. Do not drop it, they are fragile as hell. Otherwise, the kief catcher works well, it has decent teeth that gets the job done...just too fragile in my opinion.
Before what, exactly, expires?

Cannabis itself will last a long time of you store it right. I've had some bud that was more than a year old, vacuum sealed and kept in a freezer, that was still perfectly fresh.

Edibles and concentrates, on the other hand, I don't know as much about. For edibles I think it would mostly depend on what kind of food the edible is.
Most of my leisure spending goes to weed and food. In that order.

I'll let you know when that plan fails to bring a smile on my face.
Yeah, when budgeting weed is pretty much the first thing to go. I'm just a recreational user anyway. 
You have lux or another red filter
Because the devils lettuce   
5:20 in Colorado. You're always late bro.
Love that piece 
Tent ent 

Palindrome!!! Mind blown
Love Grav labs
As you learn to control your mental issues, you should also learn to control your cannabis so that you don't ever get to a point where it controls you. Not saying you're anywhere near that, just that that kind of place exists. I know it sounds preachy and I'm sorry about that.

Edit: I realise I probably should have included this before, but I didn't want to write a wall and annoy the fuck out of everyone. But... I'm not talking about the people who smoke daily, or even a couple of times a day most days (this is me btw), but the people who are solely about getting high. To the point where weed is *the* priority. When it comes before food, rent, bills, other responsibilities... *that's* where one needs to rethink things.

Sorry for preaching, I just care about y'all. Sorry for the wall of text too.
Hey buddy, thanks for posting this... I'm always happy to downplay the negatives of Green, I don't know where you live, what you do, who you are, what your access to any of the goods is... but I will tell you do your research! There is something for everyone.. Indicas, Sativas, Hybrids... it all depends on what you're dealing with in life whether it's a medical issue or simply a recreational relaxation ... Do you want an inspirational smoke, do you need sleep? Are you sad? Do you need an energy booster? Green is a cure for everything. Plus much much more ( clothing , plastics ca, fuel, etc. but that's another story) I'd love to chew your ear off about that later on if you want my insights... BUT!...

 I want to say first and foremost I AM NO WAY AFFILIATED WITH LEAFLY!!! but they have absolutely the best information on strains and their effects ... I personally don't have a personal choice of what strain I get whatever is available to me I'll take

PM me for more information on strains/hybrids I've tried before (I'm a habitual smoker, have been for about 12 years now) I'll be happy to tell you what has worked for me in the past ... again I don't live in the great states that let you choose what you want but I am very knowledgeable in what can work for you

Long story short (even though it's never short) there's a green for every situation, but unlike prescription drugs it's not addictive lol

Indica = relaxed
Sativa = energy/inspiration
Hybrids = .... depends on the dominance of the strain

I love discussing this with people so dont be afraid to PM me




you need some good Sativa strains for day times  ... I personally recommend any type of haze ... indicas for night time to sleep easy,  relaxtion
I thought the same way too for years. I dealt with anxiety, depression, OCD and insomnia for years. Tried just pills, and felt ok. Then tried pills and therapy, worked a little better. Then I tried acupuncture and that kinda worked.
 Then I smoked cannabis, and it fucking worked. I know that feeling your talking about. Your mind and body finally being able to relax, take a mental walk on the beach.
 It's the most amazing feeling to someone that had racing thoughts, and compulsive thoughts too. Cheers to your new found love of cannabis. I'm glad it has helped you out as much as it has.
This is what I'm trying to tell my girlfriend. Just because you smoke weed doesn't mean you are going to be chillin on the couch all day eating snacks. Now, I'm not all that productive when I'm high but I get all my shit done first than smoke to unwind. I don't get what is wrong with that? Once you start putting getting high before the things you need or want to do than it becomes a problem. 
[deleted]
i was a lazy layabout during my most anti weed years. 
I'm glad you are benefiting from the cannabis, If I vape non stop I do tend to feel lazy. So I take a few days off to clear my head get the motivation back. I hope that your treatment goes well!
Welcome, friend!!
I was the same way until about a year and a half ago. I was a sophomore in college and I decided I can't be against it if I haven't tried it yet, so I smoked with some friends and have been smoking since, it is a wonder of a drug because I can now sleep without being woken by nightmares and or my insomnia. I am glad you have found the same release from weed!
It can make some lazy I guess it depends on body chemistry. I've had days though where I went outside to run 7 or 8 miles, then got home and smoked a bowl just to ease the pain on my muscles and try to relax a little bit, and had the high from the bowl end up giving me a second wind to where I had a shit-ton of energy and went out and ran the same track again. Was a fun day :)
lover plant (Roses)
It wouldn't be fire if no light emitted from it 
Woah, just like the one on the front page from 5 hours ago.  You must be a retropsychic, you know all the things that have already happened.
I dont understand how that would work
Ogs remember
I know that game. 
Thank the weed gods we have rigs now.
I prefer foil to hot knifing, but then you really look like a junkie.
I remember my mother finding a knife I had been doing this with like 3 years ago and having to convince and even prove to her it was just wax, not dope
Duuuuude. I used to do that in my HS years and let me tell you, that shit used to get me FUCKED UP. I usually grabbed a Gatorade bottle, and my friend would heat the knives and put we weed in the middle and I used to go so ridiculously high after 1 hit. 
**Don't be a dick**. Tell your guests, whom you think would want a slice, and get their responses. Unexpected consumption of cannabis edibles could lead to car crashes and other problems, if a guest has a low tolerance and becomes a [10].

&nbsp;

Full disclosure: I was at a [3] for my wedding, but no one else wanted any.
Weeding cakes! 
Do you want to spend your honeymoon in jail? Tell them
I'm just joking about not telling them. I'd never want that to happen to me
I remember reading a story about that actually happening, they had a different cake for the afterparty which was switched out with the normal cake. People got high, stuff went down.
How much was that if I may ask? 
Haha, made me chuckle
Love those faces
Safety pin, nail, any other long skinny object. Actual pipe cleaner dipped in iso if you have it.
Compressed air blow gun. Easiest if you have one handy. 
Toothpicks to get the gunk out. Soak it in rubbing alcohol for deep cleaning. 
Heat up 91% isopropyl alcohol in the microwave for ~20 seconds. Place one hitter in ziploc. Pour hot 91 iso in bag (doesn't have to be much). Seal ziploc. Shake that shit like crazy. Empty iso and repeat until clean. If necessary you can put salt in there but usually hot 91 iso does the trick and salt can just be messy. 
Thank you 
I usually take isopropyl alcohol and salt in an old med bottle and shake that shit and let it sit. I have a one hitter with a spring to clear the bowl so I take it all apart first.
I'm so glad it went well! Blunts are my favorite 😍
To be blunt.  Ok. 
Bruh, the phone number is on there
Is that legit business texting you or is your dealer just got his shit on lock
You get shatter for the price I pay for a gram of nug on a bad day
Yooo central coast represent!
I may start sending this guy random texts from Alabama just to be the voice of the less fortunate.
Ooo I'm excited for you bud :)
🚀🛰✌📶Enjoy!
Water.
Popcorn, all winter long.  Get an air popper.  1/2 cup unpopped popcorn is a full batch, 260 calories. Butter flavored fine popcorn salt, smoked paprika, cayenne, garlic powder.
I have stomach issue so if I eat too much I literally fall asleep and have a brick of food I gotta spend my energy digesting for the next 12 hours so, I try to eat a little bit before smoking and then waiting as long as I can to eat. By that I mean not going straight into muchies. Like I'll try to do some productive stuff and distract my mind/use it a lot because I feel like that desire for munchies is a) habit and b) boredom. Also I'm sure you know this because of the body building but, just make sure your muchies are protein packed and it'll help as well. I notice if I eat a handful of almonds and a piece of fruit I'm just as satisfied as if I ate like ten pbj sammiches or a burrito or something. Also, are you getting high before the workout or after the workout before you would be eating? Because when I was younger in high school I'd be high for practice but not when I got home to eat and it never affected me. But if I got high before I ate after practice it would destroy my stomach
Find a different strain that doesn't have the effect of munching out. Some strains, even indica for your insomnia, might not have that effect on your stomach. 
Im pretty sure dem dere some trimmings mixed in
Good beginners vape, My buddy has one then I went out and got an arizer air. Don't think I'll ever touch a MFLB again, there are much better handheld vapes out there. 

Once you upgrade to a better handheld you will be glad you did. 
Love that lifetime warranty. A few years in, I'm on my 3rd replacement; I've got a volcano and I often prefer the speed of my MFLB!
I love it's simplicity.
As someone who owns 3 MFLBs, and regard them higher than than airizer solo (haven't tried air) and on par with the cfx vape.
That being said- my beloved little box is nothing without its PA. Batteries are a travel novelty for me simply because charging them is a bitch.
Dont understand how it works, do you need weed oil? Impossible to get that where i live.. 
My buddy has one of these. It works but not great. My flowermate produces about 3 or 4 times the vapor just on low. 
I bought one like 3 or 4 years ago because of this subreddit I think. Could never really get into it for some reason
Make sure you save the trench after it's done you can do so much with avb (already vapes bud) you can literally sprinkle a spoonful on your food; pizza is my fav for it; eat that and you'll be flying. 
How does this compare to a g pen elite or a pax?
Considering purchasing one of these, how much does it smell after a regular session? 
Just needs the a/c adapter to perform at its best.

Anyone who says it doesn't work well was likely using it with batteries, and I kind of agree. It can be hit or miss. Once you get the a/c adapter, the constant, reliable power delivery makes it top notch.
the juiceee
Eat it!!!
And here's a picture of $15 in pre rolls when you're living in an illegal state:
Could just have moved one tube in to the other bag
Why buy pre rolls?  I find them ok at best...  I like rolling my own also tho...
Read as pothead and thought to myself, "Aren't we all?"
Uhhhhhh follow your dreams 
Hahahahahaha
Bong kidney stones

For everyone asking, as u/ChargingRhino8 said, it's a two part bong for dabbing and flower. It's reclaim stones from not cleaning your piece. My friend is a bit of a lazy stoner when it comes to things like this. 
when your homie says he's bringing good shit
Explain yourself 
I demand an explanation 
It's kind of like a snowflake effect. When you go between wax and flower, a small leaf will slowly be covered in wax time after time. It can be nice if you get it out and can drop it on a hot nail. But it can also suck lol 
It's probably a dab rig. The reclaim builds up In the water and looks like this if you don't clean. 
now those look like some smelly ass nuggets
Ewwwww... Who poops in their bong? Totally nasty.
how could this even happen?
Thats a fat load
It looks like a turd. Tell your buddy to not be gross
MFW anyone passes me a dirty piece. Which is almost always. 
You got some good bud there wish I could get some but oh well nice job frient best of wishes and looks pretty good 
I've got one that might just be my most interesting thing to happen to me while smoking.   

When I first started out smoking, I had just graduated high school, and started to live with my dealer as a roommate. Most days that summer went by with the same amount of urgency. Wake up, smoke, shower, smoke, "look for a job" (smoke and browse craigslist), smoke.  
So Im on the back patio, bong in one hand, laptop open just chillin' looking for music to put on and my roommate/dealer comes out and sits down next to me and says that he has a guy coming over in a bit to buy and smoke. Great! I love smoking! About twenty minutes later a guy comes by that I had never seen before. Well dressed, at least better dressed then the people that usually frequented our spot, drove a car that wasn't a dented tetanus trap, well spoken. He comes inside and we get him his sack, load up a bowl and pass it around. Eventually I get to asking him what he does and it turns out he's an organic chemist. We get talking about his work and he tells me that he works on THC analogues. This was before spice was a big thing and neither me or my roommate had heard of these before. He runs to his car and produces a small gram baggie of white powder. He says he's been working on this and it should be safe, then asked if we wanted to try it. Uh, DUH! Of course I want to try it. We sprinkle a little bit (less than a key bump) onto the ash in the bowl and spark up. Damn, one hit and I was in space. It felt way more uppity or speedy than normal weed, but the high was good and lasted a decent period of time. I go inside, grab a round of drinks and come back outside to my buddy and this chemist packing a big bowl of this stuff. They asked if I would like to join in on the session and I decline, I don't enjoy anything speedy so I decided to not partake again. Back to browsing craigslist, listening to music, zoning out... just part of the normal routine when all of a sudden my roommate snaps me back to reality. The chemist is sitting in his chair with his eyes wide, glazed over and unblinking. Mouth slightly agape. This next part is very hard to describe, I had never and have since never seen anything like it. He started, very rhythmically lifting both arms, then following them with his knees, then reversing the order putting them back down, like he was dancing but very mechanical in nature. I turn off the music to see if he's just stoned and trying to dance in his chair, nope. The music is off and he's still repeating his pattern. Out of nowhere he starts making these gurgling noises, like he was choking on something. We try and get his attention but he's totally catatonic. No amount of shaking his shoulder, poking, sternum rubs, nothing was getting him out of this trance. His breathing is becoming more and more labored while both me and my roommate are getting more concerned by the second. We get him out of the chair and onto the ground, but we can't get him to lie straight, it was like he was still sitting in his chair, just now he was lying on the ground. I open his mouth to check his airway and notice that his tongue is very swollen and starting to turn purple. Start panic mode. I tell my roommate to call 911 and have them send an ambulance, but he's to concerned with the cops showing up and busting him/us so he instead goes to hide all the contraband, try and make the house smell less like weed... all while im convinced that this guy that I barely know is going to die right in front of me. I call the paramedics, give them the address and try and communicate with the chemist that an ambulance is on the way. At this point he is still unresponsive, but looking like he's in major distress. Face is turning purple, tongue is now blue, he has saliva and froth around his nose and mouth. Paramedics got there in probably 3 minutes, but it felt like an hour that we were waiting. They start working on the chemist, get him intubated, and ask me what he took. I don't know what to tell them, I said that he said it was like weed, but it was a white powder we put on ashes. He asked if that's all that we smoked. I told him that we had smoke some regular weed a bit earlier, but everyone had smoked everything and the other two of us were fine. They get him in the ambulance and take him away, and I need a fuckin' break. Grab my smokes and head out for a walk around the block. As I get around the first corner I see a pretty young woman about my age, painting over graffiti on her fence. I walk by and kinda stop and look at what she's doing, then ask if she would like some help. She hands me a brush and say's thanks. We got to talking, found out that we had the same birthday... other trivial stuff. She asks about the ambulance and I tell her the whole story. She's dumbfounded on why I would smoke something that I knew nothing about... she was right.  
I only saw the chemist one more time after that day. He came over to thank us, and to drop off all his smoking paraphernalia. The whole ordeal had convinced him to not do any drugs ever again. He was changed for sure. I was changed. Never again have I put some untested chemical in my body for the sake of me getting high.   

TL;DR: Met a chemist, smoked uh, something... changed my views.  
I was 16, celebrating last day of school. Had a large gin and tonic, and then somebody sent a chillum with maybe a gram of hash around. Nobody was affected by it, so the dude mixed a new chillum with some different hash. I had one toke, and got waaay too high, so I left without being able to say anything, just got up and swayed out the room. On my way down the stairs I picked up too much speed, because I was bending forwards, holding onto the bannister. So I saw this large wooden "ball" the size of a volley ball, sitting on top of the bannister where the stairs turned on the next landing, and I thought to myself "No problem. I'll lay my upper arm across the bannister, and when I get to that ball, I'll grab it, stopping myself". So I was going down the stairs, still picking up speed, and when my face was maybe a foot from the ball, I swung my arm to get it around the ball - and missed. So I continued running across the landing, right into the wall and hit it like something from an old Looney Tunes cartoon movie. I wasn't hurt, but damn I felt stupid.
One time i got high with all my bros and we had a smash tourney.  we ended up playing for 16 hours straight and goddamn i could not beat little mac on their custom flat deathbox stage.  i ended up taking second and then we decided to play some beer pong and i missed 95% of my throws but it was g cuz we had a good time
Me and my girl were smoking at Walmart we both had a blunt each and we hotboxing (cause it was cold) cop pulls behind us w lights I open windows he walks up to us and sees all the smoke coming out and says holy shit cheech n Chong or what then asked wyd and clearly you seen what we doing anyways long story short cool cop let us leave high af talk ABOUT DUI
All this happened in the same night, first my friend was dealing for his first time at the town fair, he didn't have pockets to hold it in and my friend was wearing joggers so he had it at the elastic at the bottom and while we were leaving the fair to sell it he dropped 14g in the street, we realized as we went to sell it and re traced out steps and found the bag in the middle of the street, this happened twice,

 As the fair was ending we started walking home to the next town and it's about a 6 km walk down pitch black paths we got to the end of the first 2 and decided let's try and get a ride from a pizza guy or something, we decided to roll a joint while we were waiting so I got up to grab papers grinder and bud and as I'm doing this 2 cops roll up and flash there lights, I quickly sit down on the rock we were at and put the everything behind me and move closer to my friend, the cop asks what we were doing and I say we were waiting for a ride, he asks if we were coming from the fair and if we had been drinking, we say yes coming back from the fair and no to drinking (we were all underage and had all been drinking) he asks us what was in our bags and I said just a change of clothes and toiletries, he says okay and then talks to my friend who was lying down listening to music who didn't realize there was cops during that 5-10 minute conversation he just said he was super tired and wasn't feeling well somehow during all of this the cop believed us and didn't get out of his car or smell it, he said have a good night and be safe and drove off, 5 minutes later our friend picks us up coming back from the fair and we go with him and finish rolling the joint in the car and go get some food at a Tim Hortons, we go trhough the drive though and order and the guy looked chill so he says "can I get some bong water" as he says this everyone in the car bursts out laughing at the way he said it, It was around 12:30-1am at this point so there was only 2 workers so he gave us all our food for free and gets the bong water. 

Then we went to smoke in a house that was being built we took some bong rips smoked a cig and the joint then we get up to leave and go pass out,

The next day we woke up made a giant breakfast and smoked a few bowls and my friend who was dealing didn't have his wallet, so we're all like oh shit u either dropped it or got it stolen last night, we decide its either where the cops talked to us or at the house being built, we go to the house first and drop him off a block away so it doesn't look sketchy since he was going to have to sneak into the house with workers there, when he walks up he realized he was getting in without permission so he decides to say "hey man last night we were drunk and snuck in here, we didn't break anything we just came to chill" he couldn't keep eye contact with him and looks down and sees his wallet he stops mid sentence picks up the wallet and calls us saying to pick him up quick 

TLDR a lot of bad shit could have happened during that night but it all went right and was probably one of my best nights in a while
Was smoking with 5 people in my friends car at a park in his neighborhood. Was using my new glass bong that I had had for like 1-2 weeks. Public safety rolled up and saw us hotboxing so we tried to leave but they blocked us out. One guy came to the car and said we can do this the easy way and you give us all your stuff or we can do it the hard way and we call the cops so we gave them all our bud and everything. The douche still called the cops so the cop came and took all our shit but he was super chill and just let us off with a warning other than he made me smash my bong :( better than getting arrested tho. Then he just made us call our parents to pick us up 
Circa sophomore year, my good buddy goes off to a boarding school. He's home for thanksgiving and so hey, let's get fucking high man. 

Day rolls around, get dropped if downtown and walk to the spot. We do just one waterfall (poorboy style) each. Usually I don't get high off this but today I wasn't feeling like getting too high. Nope. 

I'm putting my hat back on as we leave the spot and as soon as it's situated on my head it hits me. So I'm high and we're walking to the pizza place. 

We get inside and we're so obviously high. I'm at like a [6] and he's maybe a little less. He orders his food and my turn comes up. I can't even fucking speak. Just mumble something along the lines of "oh ya that" and the lady gives me such a funny smile. 

Pizza comes and we're just sitting in the booth and oh man does it hit me again. I'm just munching and it hits me like a train. I am the highest I have ever been. I literally can't even control myself or keep my eyes open. I'm slouched down in the seat and like just spinning in my head while trying to not throw up. He's way less high and getting fed up with my shit. We stayed in there for an hour and fifteen minutes while I just was MELTING in the booth, maybe a [9]? 

He wants to go walk around and I literally can not move. I can't move a muscle. Like he has to help me up and my legs feel so dead. Which is odd because I usually get insanely tingly legs when we geek. Nope, no feeling. 

So we're just stumbling down the sidewalk and we see our friends in the train station waiting building. We sit in there again for like an hour while I'm trying to come down. 

Fast forward, dad comes to pick me up and I am still at a [4]. Talked about baseball knuckleballs in the car. Haven't played baseball once in my life and I frankly hate it. 


this past august or september we were hotboxing on a quiet side street in a white neighborhood at night. cops roll up on us, someone mustve called it in because we had the music very low so we could talk, car was off so no lights or engine noise either. anyway, roll down the window, tons of smoke pours out. seconds later were giving names, addresses none of us except driver have IDs (all 18+ tho). they search the car, couple gs and some glass. thankfully they didnt smash it on the spot bc i dont think i could handle that lmao. popped the trunk, so much more smoke the cops had to take a few steps back. told us to drive away like nothing happened. id be lying if i said i wasnt bugging the next week expecting either cops or a letter in the mail haha.
This is my first time posting here. 

Before I start, I've been smoking since I was 16, I've taken two long breaks in the last 6 years. First was 1 year and second was for about 6 months. 

I also must add this isn't as cool as a couple of the stories posted already but I'll take a stab at it. 

So I was around 18, I'd just got a new job and I'm so hyped up that I decide to celebrate the obvious way. I was with a couple of good friends and we buy a cheap tent from a super market, and set up in our favourite smoke spot. This spot was a field, surrounded by your average suburban houses backing up to it. No one was ever really bothered unless we were noisy pretty late but this was a lovely day. Sunny and warm. 

After a good couple of hours of rolling and passing, we're feeling at least at an [8], we decide to go get some food. Seeing as my house was closest, we start heading there. 

This is when I tripped out. I was used to smoking this much and tbh it was just our usual dealers supply that was mids at most so I don't know how this happened. But as we begin walking, my vision changes. It was exactly like I was looking through the lens of a camera as it panned in front of the group, then upwards just above the rooftops. 

I was fucking watching the 3 of us walking across the field, as "the camera" flies upwards the sun glares the vision and it looks poetic. I can see the hand movements of my friend as he talks to us, I can see my other friend looking at him as he speaks and I can see myself... walking forward and looking completely confused. It was pretty af but to this day I can't explain it and give it the justice it deserves but I'm glad I saw it because I'll never forget how cool we looked just walking through the long grass from way above in the sunlight.

That's it, pretty mundane but a memory I'm fond of! :) 
Middle of summer 17 years old. Hangin out with the guys. We met up outside a Mcdonalds. We are dankrupt, a drought as it was called. Calling everyone asking everyone we knew yielded no success. Being the good catholic young men we are two of us dropped to our knees and prayed to god to find us marijuana. 1 minute after the prayer we found a healthy marijuana plant in the garden outside mcdonalds. It turned out to be northern lights in the vegatative stage. We transplanted it to a cup and later a 5 gallon bucket. We named him Junior. We had him a few weeks untill a group of kids found it in the woods and stole it. A year later we met the kids and became friends. we agreed not to have any hard feelings about the theft. One of the kids ended up being  college roomates with one of my friends. We also later found out that the plant was planted in the garden at mcdonalds by the kid who worked in the drivethrough. Small world God bless.   
Dogs have a lot of blood vessels in their ears, I'm assuming it's that, although it doesn't make much sense to me, or just that ears are in close proximity to the nose.

[insert warning about smoking out your pets here]
For all anyone knows the animals just enjoy the extra attention from their owners...
Tbh it's a shitty thing to do if it doesn't work, don't try and get your pets high and I'd imagine blowing smoke into their ears can't be good for them.
In North Dakota you pretty much have to be on your death bed to get a prescription, but damnit its nice to look at a map and see my state have a color other than gray.
Why do all frisbee players smoke 


Best way to smoke and relax. 
Bruh! We had a whole fake frisbee golf club at my highschool that was just a club of stoners, "disk golfing" was or code word since our school was across from a park that has a disk golf course. Eventually we all got actually into disk golf as well, and had a legit club and everything but it was always a front and no one ever found out.
Typical clown spot 
Too bad that map isn't too accurate seeing as "medical" is able to be prescribed by a doctor in Louisiana but there is no place to get it and if your caught with it your fucked
I had the shatter version of this. I used it to help me eat when my stomach was paralyzed for the better part of a year from Gastroparesis. It's incredible. A wonderful side effect was a complete cessation of all my social anxiety. I've been cured of my Gastroparesis for months now but I can't find the strain in any format any more. It will always hold a very special place in my heart. Have fun op :) 
My first time picking up that stuff, my buddy stresses about the cough part of that name, even a seasoned smoker will admit. 
Came for the Beatles reference.
Get this inColorado Springs ?
one of my favorite strains!
I have a tattoo that says that.
Potluck
Im the nug necromancer
 
^^THIS BUD MADE ME JIZ^Z^Z^Z^Z
with anything you get what you pay for (personally I use the flowermate but ive never had the opportunity to use anything else)
That's a fucking sick lighter dude
For some reason I am baffled by the fact you're sitting outside with a fucking t-shirt and shorts in late November. It's fucking freezing here
Toke on pool guy
Your tolerance must be fucked
I've got that lighter too dude rock on🤘🏽
Yo i had literally the same lighter with the same tear like a month ago I showed my gf she freaked lol
i too had the same lighter. 
[deleted]
Just like I say to my friends all the time...

"what?" [8]
in a way... dimensions vary based on wave frequency, and wave frequency takes place in time, and is itself a measurement of time.

Time is one of the deciding factors in dictating weather one dimension will be a part of another dimension. 

One way you can think about it is that there are waves everywhere, but that there are "nodes" where wavelengths intersect. Nodes are like factors in math, 2 is a factor of 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, while 4 is a factor of 6, 8, and 12, but not 10. In this way, a node would be where both 4 and 2 are present, creating an intersection, which is what is needed for a dimension. As you can figure out, there are infinite dimensions, but there are certain numbers which are present in more dimensions than others.

So, but, to get back to your question, if a wave started out of phase with another wave,  a variance of time, but was the same frequency, would that be a different dimension?

In a universe without entertainment, yes, but in a universe with entertainment, we recognize systems at the human scale as exhibiting a phenomenon in which waves, within narrow-ish limits, which are slightly out of sync, tend to exert some influence over eac other until they are in an equilibrium. This might suggest that time cannot decide whether a dimension differs from another, since the waves which define the dimensions would seem to bend themselves in spite of time, or bend time if they are defined by time, in order that they can sync up. This might suggest a natural proclivity of the universe to warp time to create larger nodes, much like erosion channels. If this is the case, time, while it decides a frequency, is not the deciding factor in a node. The node is a dimension, so, no, but it is made up of frequencies, so, yes... in the microcosm of parts time is a deciding factor, but in the macro, all of those things effect each other, and time bends to accommodate it, so, no. 

tl;dr: deleting this when I sober up.
This is Kermit the frog after injecting 2 marijuanas, think it's still funny and hip now?
Lucky bastard. This will be me in a few weeks when the semester lets out. Until then, I send my positive stoner vibes to you. 
You should check out r/treemusic  It's a sub dedicated to just this question 
mgmt at the moment
>**Plastic Beach ~ Gorillaz**
Celia Cruz, Erykah Badu live, Luther Vandross live, Eric Clapton live, Earth, Wind & Fire. 

Basically anything with live instrumentation. I love dissecting the song and isolating each individual instrument; something I can only do while baked with headphones.
Bones - NowThatYouSaidItLikeThat
[This is the go to song for me and a friend](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jTjBt0Enyw)
Medicated - Wiz
Dark side of the moon
What did you name your grinder?
I love my Mendo Mulcher.
My friend has a bong very similar to that except the bottom is frosted red while the top is frosted white. Marley disappears when you smoke and then comes back when you clear it.
Do not use your pet as a vibrator.
put a blanket on it
Idk how big or small your pet is, but you probably shouldn't be on top of it 😋
Damn, that view... some straight out of The Witcher 3 shit
So chill, do you mind me asking where this is? State/Province not exact location
broooo have never even thought of this!!
More like an invasive species. 
Yeah man. 
An "Infestation"
all the fucking time and the fact that so many humans are so arrogant and too short sighted to even consider this as a possibility make it even worse.
I am a dad. Put it back. That will make things worse. Just go out and get another one and chalk it up as a loss for you. There will always be people taking your weed, giving you bad deals throughout life. Just deal with it, and let that your mom have her way
. You will make things worse if you take it back. I don't know you or your mother I'm just talking General parental Guidance
That depends on your relationship with her. Don't take it back though. Ask. Parental advice above is pretty decent advice. I've stolen things back months after they were taken and they weren't missed BC of the time frame. She'll be even more mad if you've stolen it back. Wait for things to cool off and ask. 
I think that if you are living in your mom's house and she doesn't want you to keep marijuana or paraphernalia in her house, then you should have enough respect for her to not keep marijuana or paraphernalia in her house.  There are few things you can do to permanently fuck up your relationship with your parents more than to continually lie about this.

Keep your stuff in your car, or figure out some other way to keep it off her property. If that's uncomfortable for you because you enjoy smoking in your room before bed, no problem:  just move the hell out and get your own place.
Parents are not intelligent just for being parents. Please ignore the haughty lectures. This just boils down to the fact that you live in their house under their rules, so you need to respect that until you move out. Then you can leave them in the dust if they're close-minded and hateful about it.
Population of Canada 31.5 Million.
It seems to me that polls like this have slightly skewed data.

I mean, right now, cannabis is not legal, so the number of people that use it is most likely higher than the number of people that admit to using it.

That said, I am also pretty sure that once it is legal, the number of people that will use it will increase.
Local H
I roll on a big red pablo picasso photo book. cheers!
Hey my name is Jake. I like to smoke weed and ponder the intangibles of life.

Wanna be friends? Select friends?
Is that what bionicles look like these days?
I'm kinda glad I didn't get braces as a teen, because throughout my 20's I definitely didn't have the discipline to always wear a retainer, and my wisdom teeth came in and jacked everything up anyway. About to get Invisalign for the first time, so I feel your pain! 
How old are you now? I gotta get some too soon, it's been something I been putting off for years and it's time I make a change. I'll have trees to cope as well😁
Watch out for pirates amigo
Fucking awesome man!
Whats the weirdest shit youve seen there while high?
Oh also the vomit was like darkish brown. Is that concerning? should i go to doctor? 
ur ok
What's with all these recent "puke after smoking" posts? It's a new fad
Welcome back. And coming correct with an abundance of beauty. 
Show off ;) welcome back frient we've missed you!!
You are a lovely person stay high and stay happy thank ju por de PEECture and we all love ya :D
Thats a lotta vape cartridges. Im jelly 
I'm not sure you're at the right sub
Wrong sub this is the one you are looking for r/marijuanaenthusiasts
Save tree save earth
join r/microgrowery, you got a ways to improve. id harvest that thing soon, it looks to be dying anyways

https://www.alchimiaweb.com/blogen/harvest-marijuana-plants-trichome-ripeness/
Does she have a restraining order against you?
Eye drops aren't good for your eyes so I've never done that.
Slow motion and the giggles. I've only laughed uncontrollably once on weed, but who doesn't when they hear

"Jeremy it's time for bed"
"But mooooom!"
 
Corner bowls, none of my friends do it nor do we care
Never understood passing to the left aside from it coming from a couple of songs. "Matching" was kind of weird to me the first time I heard it and sounded like they were just trying to exclude those without, but I haven't heard anyone say that personally in around 15 years. Also, Sour Patch Kids.... everyone I know that I would label a stereotypical "stoner" loves these things and I cannot stand them. I do however carry non-redness relief eyedrops, green/blue altoids, and cologne(that mixes well with smoke) in my car for any emergencies or public interaction.
Idk what it is but never really had to do the whole eyedrops thing, never really get any sort of dry eyes or red eye at all
IDK if other people have this but it takes about 7 minutes for shit to kick in.  Not really under my control but nonetheless a little uncommon.
I prefer and only buy white lighters. Forgive me. 
I got a pal like that, his missus only lets him smoke when they dont have the baby there which is fair enough, but god does he look forward to those saturdays. .
Totally understand where your coming from. Being a mum is hard. I have a 3 year old, she is a (loveable) terror and i cant get through the day without my ritual at night, bubs in bed, clean the billy, chop a mix and then reddit till I'm falling asleep. I don't even have any friends that smoke bud because of how frowned upon it is in Australia, especially a mum smoking pot. Makes me feel like a bad person, but I know it makes me a better person. Just hate not being able to firm honest friendships. Lying about my hobby is shit.
Yes as a single father and recovering heroin addict I can tell you that weed has also helped me a lot!

Thank god for those days I have a joint to smoke and can just trully smile once again as I hold my daughter in my arms and it feels good to be alive even if it is hard at times, even with all the mistakes I've made in my life, at least I now feel I'm entitled to beeing as happy as anyone else again and enjoy life once more :)

Your kid is very lucky to have a stoner mom :D
I'm assuming "changing nappies" means changing diapers? I haven't heard that one before.
Try going on a brisk walk or jog daily or something that allows you to clear your mind.

Yoga, meditation fuck even a nice bath can help relieve all kinds of stress and anxiety.

Unfortunately, as anyone knows with anxiety, stress or depression it's not so easy to just get up and do things.

If you can find a way to get yourself up and moving or in a meditative state of any kind without weed that's your ticket. 
Dope strain name
some of that huckleberry ferry 
Hes.. he's gorgeous 😍
Vincent is his name because yellow would take away the sadness in Van Goghs eyes and this bong does just that.
Why is there a flashlight sticking out of your bowl
Why does a pipe need a name??
[removed]
how much stuff could u stuff into a stuffin stuffer?
What makes you think you are interesting or unique enough that people want to ask you stuff?
Ummmm if you are damn near 30 or so and your mom tells you "you're dead to me" over some weed, fuck it. Move on with your life, she'll come back around. 
That sucks bro. Maybe if you show her that you are a functioning adult and with the ever-changing views on marijuana, hey she might come around.
She's a woman and women live through emotions. Usually extremes. She probably didn't mean you're actually dead to her. That's just the most emotionally hurtful thing she could come up with at the time, as women often do.
Fake your death. That'll show her
Better when you throw a tad bit of milk stir it up melt a little delicious bud
Ayyy! The good ol hippie speedball👌📶
Are you trying to say "look at that" or "love that"?
Thats a one hitter right? 
Love dat
I moved to WA last year and there's no Dunkin. I am cry 
Yeah you can buy them on ebay cheap with a wood container for one hitter and ground bud. Its called a dugout. That one you have looks brand new, after a couple of days it will be black and start clogging 
How do you clean that thang? I've had one for a while, gets clogged af pretty quick. I basically run a thin wooden dowel through it occasionally but it doesn't get that much gunk out.
That sounds absolutely amazing.
I <3 juicy j
Tight roll :) 

r/artofrolling would appreciate stuff like this, fairly new sub though  
You're punny. I like that.
That place looks great
Nice!
Is that frost on the tip of your bowl? 
State
Thumbnail looks like you're smoking a joint
Help my neighbor.  She is OLD and her husband passed a year ago.  I get baked and help her with normal daily stuff.  

I've done other things people might consider more productive but this is the one in most proud of.  I've got my Associates and working on a Bachelors.  Did 8 years in the Army and 2 deployments.  I have 3 awesome kids that I'm also very very proud of.  
I wrote a rough draft for a research paper that was due the next day while high once, very glad I was high though, the writing was meh but I had lots of ideas that I could later refine on the final draft
Made myself a 4 course meal
Clean the apartment. My wife and I shared a vape bowl of Hawaiian train wreck and some Kashmir gold. 

Did laundry, did the dishes, vacuumed, swept, dusted, organized shit I didn't know needed organizing. Took summer clothes to storage, brought winter clothes up. 

Didn't stop yammering the whole time. I'm not a talkative person but that combo makes me talk like nobody's business. 
I enjoy writing while high cause my thoughts are on free flow and I'm not hindered by my lack of open mindedness 

Edit: I realize you asked a question that I didn't answer, so the most productive thing ive done while high is make the basketball team 
It's a heavy duty joint, man
Thank you! Really appreciate it. Some people might find it stupid to smoke one for a dying stranger or useless, well it's not. This dedication from you and every other ent who's done the same means a lot. Thank you again, wish you all the best fellow ent <3
Cheers man! 
Also smoking one for frient AT294 and his close frient🌺
Good on you, cheers man :)
For some reason I can't get over how nice the lighting is in this photo. Top quality camera work OP.
/u/at294 :)
I'm gonna light one up this evening for the same reason, saw the post earlier and this community is so awesome it seems like the only right thing to do.


Instagram is a pretty good place to find some.
The Arizer Extreme Q is a really good desktop vape! I have the solo it's the portable version I love it, the battery even comes with a 10 year warranty which is great! 
Underdog is the best desktop i'be ever owned.  Log vapes use next to nothing.
I think the best/cheapest desktop vape you can get now is Da Buddha Vape. You can buy it off of www.7thfloorvapes.com. Da Buddha really is a solid vape for the price. I think the cosmetic second one is only like $130 rn. Just some advice, get some backup stems and mouthpieces. If one of them ever breaks, the time without your Buddha will be depressing.
I just bought the Grenco G Pen Elite and love it. Reliable and a bit cheaper than the Pax. Great for dry herb. hughly recommend throwing some keif in from time to time

I love my mflb.  It's super portable, easy to use, & has lots of accessories to fit your needs, but can be used without.  Pretty cheap in comparison to other vaporizers on the market.  Plus the wood make gives my bud a bit of an earthy flavor to it which I like personally.  

www.reddit.com/r/mflb
Check out my frients at vaporents. I have the Boudless CF and highly suggest it!
I like my Pax 2.

r/vaporents
i just got my Snoop Dogg GPen, and I will let you know how well it works
Yes its illegal however its not for online gogopipes.com is pretty ok
Just make a glass bong 
Check your kitchen and bathroom taps they usually triple or double up on filters in the head of those if thats what you mean or you could just make a gatorade bong with hose and your cone
That looks like a cig 
^^^ as did i
It's what makes a Subaru a Subaru™
I just Instacarted a bag full!
Thank you for trusting us enough to come out of the closet. We accept you, fruit or not
Trim job looks like it was done by the town drunk with a dull hatchet
Good thing you only paid $87 for the half, that shit looks like it came out of a ditch. Though if it gets you high I guess it was worth. 

I'd go with the old split personality defense.  It wasn't you, it was your alternate personality that did all those bad things.
Go for a run first.
Is that a vape or a weirdly shaped bowl with a mouthpiece?
It's a vape. Firefly 2. Not worth the price but still a great vape
GRANDADDY PURP.
It was so gangster 
Jillybean, blue dream, and day wrecker :)
Lemon haze was the first green i ever smoked, its my favorite till now, i cant really pick from top shelf though
I have a guy that buying from a caregiver so I've been able to get a few good strains that we're unlike any weed I've ever had.  I'm gonna list them from the less good to more good (because none of them were bad lol), so Thunder Bud Haze, Sour Jack, Space Queen, the one I have right now which is Green Love Potion and my favorite was Cheese Candy.  
Sour apple haze, Carmona CoffeeShop, Amsterdam. Tastiest weed I have ever tried and tastiest weed in Amsterdam by far.
DeathStar
Golden Goat, shit was a one hit wonder for me.
Sour Diesel, Bubble Kush, Grape Ape
Durban Poison, or anything with it's genetics 
How do you like it? I tried it for the first time a week ago. I loved it. 
What part of the country are you in? I'm in California and I've never heard of this. Also why would anybody agree to it?
What?
Wow haven't been able to smoke in cali legally yet but I can't help but think I wouldn't be able to shake this exact feeling because of the exact reasons. Oh well at least you don't feel that shit once your lit and inside enjoying your snacks and entertainment.
pot makes a lot of people paranoid, you are one of them.  i'm in an illegal state and I dont get paranoid..
ptsd?
I heard that tingle was because of something in the pineapple that breaks down proteins so its actually beginning to break down your flesh like your saliva does to food. That was when I was little but I've totally believed it till now. Maybe im allergic too dunno
Tingly? Is that all that happens? I'd imagine eating the whole pineapple would give a stronger response. Good to hear though 
Your tongue bleeding?
Slightly related: In high school, I was in a culinary class, and one of the students in the lead group (this group being essentially the only competent kids in the class) somehow managed to forget she was allergic to peanut butter, and ate half a tray of PB cookies before she stared to feel incredibly ill. Had to call an ambulance, and she missed the rest of the week of school. 

Oh man, the crazy shit that happened in that class... We would have definitely been shut down if the school board knew. Good times.
If your friends are really that conscious over a little spit, you can always moist your finger with some water. 
Unflavored gelatin and water mixed together works exactly the same. I used to grow a couple tabacco plants to roll my own cigars and thats what I used.
Though you were Pool Guy for a sec...
My guyyy you know what time it is with the two blunts ✌☮
i FUCKING love DUTCHES 
"Most illegal drug"? Not even close.  
Uhhhh.   Meth?  Coke/Crack?  Heroin? 
They have it illegal cuz the DEA and other police agencies make money from imprisoning people and they have it at a schedule one thanks to Nixon and prohibition in 1937 when they Passed the Marijuana Tax act then again in 1952 the Narcotics act which made a sentence to those with it in possession it just got a bad reputation but now it's redeeming itself soon it will be legal nation wide within the next 5 years I believe in the power of the people to legalize it. At a [7]
Fruit and cereal are my favorite! 
If you have sweet chili heat doritos at where your located, they are fucked up how good there are when high 
theres obvious ones like pizza, chips ect which are good but sometimes my favourite munchie food is when you just experiment with random ingredients (whatever you feel like) and discover new combinations that taste amazing.
Fresh fruit and smoothies are great healthy munchies. Pizza, fried chicken, Mexican food, and spicy Chinese food are great take-out munchies, and pretty much anything that tastes good sober will taste 4x as bomb while stoned. 
Taco Bell, dr.Pepper, hot Cheetos and French fries. BAAM!
Fried rice made with smoked pulled pork.
I don't like when they ask when I'm NOT high. But then when I'm high, you're right, way worse. Then I'm extra-awkward. "What? No. What are you asking me? Oh ok, no I'm good. Ok."
As a retail worker, it's a requirement. We get yelled at if we don't. Don't know how it is for other businesses but it's been that way for us since I can remember. Corporate shit. 
I went into REI, and 4 people asked me if I needed help. I told the last guy to leave me the hell alone.
Thankfully I don't get this. I am grateful for self-checkout machines though. 
Unfortunately there's no real way to get your "first high" feeling back after you've been high a few times.

Because no matter how high you get after you've been smoking for awhile you still are familiar with the feeling even though it's more intense.

You'd have to go on quite a long t-break to come anywhere near the first super high experience.

EDIT: You can intensify your high though by smoking in an unfamiliar location and listening to new music. When Pokemon Go was big I was getting high downtown a lot and it was a totally different feeling than getting high in my house. I'd say I'm at a good [3] right now which is super mellow but when I'm downtown at a [3] everything feels really cool and special. 
Remove your GPU
Factory Data Reset your Tolerance 
bro i get that feeling everytime i smoke. But ive only been smoking for 2months, weekly. The feeling is insane.
If you like this kind of music, search for Lo-Fi beats or Lo-Fi Jazz
Very much a completely terrible idea.  If you are carrying a substantial amount of weed and you are pulled over for any reason, there's a chance the cops will find it.  This chance goes way up if you smoke in the vehicle, whether during driving or when parked.

If a cop has reason to suspect you have weed in the vehicle, all he needs is probable cause to perform a search.  If there's a K9 in the area, he can wait until it arrives, then the handler will walk the dog around your car until it alerts for the smell of drugs.  Then the cops will search your car thoroughly, find your weed, and you'll go to jail.

If you're going on a road trip, you should follow protocol.  Only do one illegal thing at a time.  Transporting weed counts as your illegal thing.  So make sure your vehicle is street legal, all lights, registration, etc., so there's no reason for you to get pulled over.  

Second, don't smoke in the vehicle.  If you want to smoke, pull over and smoke outside.  If you smoke in the car, you're increasing the chance that a dog will alert on your car.  A dog's sense of smell is about 10,000 times better than ours, that's how they can track some kid through a swamp after sniffing his  sock.

Third, keep your stash and equipment in a smell proof container.  Four, no bongs, because it's guaranteed someone will spill it in the car. 

A friend of mine paid a mechanic to install a stealth compartment in his trunk.  It cost him about $500, and it's virtually undetectable.  Those are illegal in some states, but so is weed; if they never find either one, you're golden.
Wouldn't recommend it but if you do I'd carry It with me cause they probs won't frisk you  [6] 
Legarrette Blunt
Waxico Burress
Allen Highverson
CelebreTREE names
Adam dabbler


Criss puffer
Edible burress 
(The comedian) 
Joan dabbers 
Shatky chan
Leonardo DankCaprio
OG kush Simpson 
Hit-bowl Simpson 
(Former spouse of OG kush)
Alicia keys already has one in her name. 
Jonathan Danks  
George Kush
I dont smoke that....Reggie Bush
Robert DankNiro
My favorite actor who said less in a film to a human then a vollyballm. Tom Danks
Shia LeHuff
William Shatter 


And then there is my friends dad who came downstairs and gave us $30 and told us to go buy some weed 
Don't be a dick about it, just challenge her to find all those MJ related deaths in a medical journal.  Then Google alcohol related deaths for her.
Man.  Mj is neuroprotective.   Can she say that for alcohol?   Red wine does have some antioxidants but other alcohol doesn't have any protective properties...it is definitely on the harmful side.  Mj though... Soooo many positive good for your body attributes.   And scientifically backed.  And more found all the time.  It's pretty amazing. 
That is the society we live in. Supposedly free but controlled through propaganda
Just FYI there are parents on here that like to lecture/scorn anyone defying their parents. That being said you're completely right.
Whaaa?
Username?
If you can't see, the presidential is a preroll with 800mg of thc and half a gram of hash. 

I was already at a solid [6] before we smoked it, and now that we're just about done with it...omg I'm so high. 
Damn that's awesome 
Gl frient
How is Destiny these days? I haven't played since Taken King.
GTA is amazing high.
Same. Saving up for Rise of Iron and Pokemon and Skyrim. 
Skyrim, it's $30 on Xbox store🙃[9]
Damn bud that looks fire af 
$16? usd?
Sounds like a ripoff financially but it looks good.
Pretty green bud, all of my bud, oh I want it. You can take all that marijuana! Smoke:)
Ditto frient. Ditto. 💚
It's easier with smaller groups, especially if you get really into the story.  As DM, I once ad-libbed an entire backstory for an orc monk for a half an hour.  He wasn't even supposed to be important, but the story was so good, the players hired him as a guide, and even gave him a share of the treasure.
Fun to play stoned, but being DM and blitzed is insanely difficult, too much to keep track of
ive wanted to try it 
Count me in. I once went to a D&D meet while on Vicodin (I have a prescription, I'm not a pill-popper). Best D&D night I've ever had. Can't imagine how fun it would be totally blazed.
Sign me right the hell up!
sign me UP! I have always wanted to play D&D and adding weed to it makes it sound even better

Quack
Quack
Mail them to me I'll provide pics 
Are you on mobile? I've had issues all night. I had to upload from my computer. 
It's that easy? 
Damn 
Saving this so I can try it next semester at college. Do you taste any alcohol in the tincture? It being everclear makes me curious
Tried some tincture in Denver earlier this year and I wasn't impressed at all (I think the entire bottle was 100mg).

How strong is this method? Like approximately how many drops to get your properly fucked up?
I did 7gs of good bud, and a 1/3 cup of everclear. Its been sitting for about a month now. It effects all the people who have tried, except me😭
Sending pipe prayers. Rest In Pieces. 
das purdy
I just went 3 days and the first blunt was amazing. It was back to normal after that though
21 days usually sets me back to zero tolerance. 2 weeks also does a decent job
I recommend 2 weeks if you want to reset your tolerance. 
∞
I couldn't tell ya I haven't taken one. 
This is an 18+ subreddit.
Long Duck Dong
(actual answer)  that is 浮, meaning 'float' or 'floating', as in ukabu (浮かぶ, float in the air) or uku (浮く, to become merry, loose, or colloquially to feel out of it) 

[白い雲が夏の青空に浮いている。]
Shiroi kumo ga natsu no aozora ni ukaiteiru. 
"A white cloud is floating in the blue summer sky."
Genji 
'Mr. Miyage' - Have patience young grass-smoker.
Name it Tips McGee
Shogun
Hattori Hanzo
BONGZAI!!!!!
Name it Strider, that game is awesome.
Why does a pipe need a name??
dude, if you have one rule it ought to be don't get stoned at work. 

work is work and should be kept separate from social activities  


*said in my stern mom voice.

My manager smokes blunts in the back ally more often than anyone else lol. Left a roach back there and he kinda told me to be careful but then admitted he's not really one to talk about weed at work lol
Get yo shit together nigga
I get high before work a lot not too stoney but about a (5). Well one day I smoked a blunt before work and it just hit me harder then expected ya know? I was stone cold stoney, anyways the next week my boss called me in and said simply what I do on my free time is my choice but if it starts interfering with work I would be laid off. Needles to say I still smoke before work but manage it a lot better.
Wow. You certainly lucked out.
You work at this place one day a week and you couldn't just wait it out?
I put down sod and I got lucky enough where my boss man is my plug, smoking blunts on the way to a job is always so nice
I manage people at my job, and on the first day I explain to everyone that we don't want anyone smoking weed on the job, or for a reasonable amount of time before coming to work.  If I catch anyone doing it (and I have) at work, they're fired.  If someone comes to work visibly stoned, they get sent home with a one time warning.

I don't care what people do on their own time.  But that's the deal I lay out for people at the beginning, and that's the deal I enforce.  If people want to smoke weed at work, they need to find different work.
Very cool boss. Don't do it again, and honestly- buy him a gift card and reassure him that you will be 100% and do your best work. Most employers are still very old-fashioned and label pot as being like alcohol. 
Rule number 1 for a discreet smoker ... don't smoke something that isn't disposable and use a "sploof" next time hahah (toilet paper roll with dryer sheets in it... blow smoke through, kills smell..) ... lesson learned
Haha lol I always smoke at work but I use one of those vape cartridges so it never smells. I would've never tried smoking weed in a bathroom lol. But my manager has smelled some dank gorilla glue on me before but she was pretty chill about it.
Now you know your schedule for work days! I figured out when I could smoke before work and still ensure my work got done, and it is so great...Just be a little more thoughtful from now on. Cheers man!
i stick with cbd at work because i can manage my pain without getting zonked. though one time i had a REALLY strong edible the night before and it was still working its magic on me the next day so I was a little slow. i was super smiley though so people just kinda rolled with it.
My supervisor and my kitchen crew all smoke. There's not a one person in the kitchen at my business that doesn't toke - Shit, I casually talk about it with them, though in hushed voices obviously.

Me and one of the line cooks (who is a total fuckin' awesome dude, btw) often smoke a spliff and a bowl together after work and wax philosophical.

I love my job. <3 [0]


Lol next time use a vaporiser 
I'm fortunate enough to have a boss who is totally fine with it. But yea, don't do that at work. 
so lucky!!
Do not get high and bartend. "What were those drinks again?" 
I smoke on break.

-mcdonalds manager
I have a weird work situation, I vape on lunch in the parking lot. I'm sure people know but nobody bothers me. Anywhere else i would get high after work.
I smokin in my car on the parking lot on my lunches and mask everything with cologne and eyedrops.
you're lucky man. appreciate your boss for being super chill. 
My boss walked in on a kid sniffing lines of coke in the backroom and didn't fire him. I smoke with some of my managers after work and my buddy used to sell weed to the GM. Protip: work at a pizza shop lol.
Tell pool guy not to smoke at work see what he says
I worked at a gas station for a couple years, me and a co-worker would smoke all the time, we even had a system for joints when cars pulled up.

* Someone goes and gets the order, starts the pump
* Switch out for hoots
* Second person goes and washes windows
* Switch out for hoots
* Original person goes back and collects payment
* Passes payment to second person, takes the joint and finishes it
* Second person returns receipt and change/card to customer.
That's resin
Not a question, but if you've never watched an episode of Off the Air while stoned, you gotta. Adult Swim puts the episodes up for free on their website and YouTube. 
what would happen if pinnochio said "my nose will now grow"?
^^^are ^^you ^okay ^^^^?
Why are we here 
What's your best stoner story? 
I wouldn't be even able to write if I was [9]
What will you have for breakfast? 
[removed]
9/10 people who green out die
Wish it were elsewhere besides Israel.
There is a weed inhaler available in Cali made by Berner, they're 100$ a pop though so I haven't tried it
flowers beauti
I get those all the time, spooky stuff
Yea I get those but it's more like there's something moving
Too often
I was riding in a car with my friend with about half an ounce of weed shoved in the glove compartment (in a baggie).  My friend was going a bit too fast and got pulled over by a cop.  When she reached for her registration, which was in the glove box, the bag of weed fell out.  The cop laughed, gave my friend a warning for speeding, and told us to have fun as long as we didn't drive afterwards.

Living in Colorado is fucking AWESOME!  ;)  
 Almost half my life ago I went to  an over night camping/get together for an old head in town that had past away. I had a handful of bags I needed to get rid of but didn't. The next morning I left the spot down a long gravel road. This got my new(to me) car extremely dusty. Decided to hit the car wash. Young impatient me thought it'ld be faster to just air dry by hitting the highway right afterwards. So I'm doing 85 in a 65 and get pulled over.  Cop ask me why I was driving so fast. Told him the truth "trying to dry my car off". After the whole story comes out he sees a cooler in the back seat and ask to see in it. No problem I thought because I definitely drank all of my beer the night before. He does and nothing. Then he ask for my ID and insurance. Open my middle console to get ID, boom five bags staring right at me. Kept it chill and grabbed ID, shut it. Then found insurance in glove box. he took them back to the patrol car. Then came back to give me a ticket and said "be smarter next time". I was on my way feeling pumped. 
Was speeding. Had been taking a break between bowls. Car was aired out nicely. Had a mini heart attack then a panic attack. Had to explain to the cop that I have severe anxiety issues, that's why I was acting so nervous. Got a $140 ticket and sent on my way. 
I actually wrote a poem about it!

https://www.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/5ad92b/i_wrote_a_poem_after_getting_caught_smoking_with/
I went to jail. Then end.
I think 4gs would be good. 
I've taken my plug out to eat and to the bar. It's like a business relationship yo. 
Well we can’t quantify the value of his favors for you, especially in regards to this “other” thing you mention. Just give him whatever you want to. 
Shout him a good session
Host an awesome sesh, with home cooked munchies if you're the cooking kind or just some order something bomb. Nothing like eating and smoking with buds! But that's just what I like, haha
Happened to me once. For me, it seemed like if everyone was following some kind of script. Like if they were characters from The Truman Show. Drove me crazy.
I think the name for this type of dissociation is either depersonalisation or derealisation. "The feeling as if the world is a movie and you are watching / observing it"
Way back in the day had this happen but was also talking to someone who had the window opened up behind them while were in a moving  car
Was probably my 3rd or 4th time smoking and i took a couple of huge ass rips out of a bong that i had to stand up to use. It felt like i was watching my life like a youtube video or something. when i looked around my vision seemed to like blur everything together, super weird. also took me like 15 minutes to text my mom and ask her to put some money in my account for some food
gotta love jibs
GB's are no good for your health fam, switch to glass. A friend of mine got emphysema from the anti-rust coating on sockets melting from taking to many rips and entering his lungs. 
I love when I get to go up to Maine and you can clearly see how much brighter the stars are compared to where I actually live.  Often in the summer you can see the Milky Way.
Pocket lint?
idk man without it in front of me I can't really tell you. Here is an article that I just pulled up off Google that shows some examples of moldy weed, note the bottom picture of the article in that it is just a purple strain, not bad weed. 

http://www.the420shack.com/2011/01/how-to-tell-if-your-smoking-moldy-weed.html
 that's funny all I see is potato
Maybe use a pipe "Czech" tool (picture linked below) and some good old fashioned pipe cleaners.

http://www.pipesandcigars.com/pipe-tools/79689/silver-3-in-1-czech-tool/#p-137737)
Honestly I use a small fillet knife and a leatherman
I've always used alcohol on a pipe cleaner. 
Who runs it? 
Don't we all
Resevoir Dogs, yo!
Looks like it's time to pick up.
I take nothing but big hits because momma ain't raise no busta

No disrespect to anyone I may have labeled as a busta.
Take the biggest hit I can manage, and pass it on.
Somebody explain to me what it's like to be "too high" because I just can't seem to get there
Baby hit.
You don't have to puff before you pass. It's literally that simple. 
Bro with the light reflecting off of the window, it looks like her eye and the carb is her mouth... wavvyyy man, I dig it.
You smoke paper in the mornings?
http://m.imgur.com/vXdhgRt 
The first link won't work :/
Cannabismo had some awesome sugar shack for cheap, but sold out now
Can you be more specific as to when you last smoked and when the effects happened? When was the last t-break?
Could be strain dependent.  Possible it's a "bad" batch - but IMO the only way this would happen is if you had mold or something funky going on.
can you post a picture of some nugs with the flash on? there could be something going on that you can't see with the naked eye or it could just be really good shit or a whole other load of factors
It makes me feel better when I realize that I'd only be like .002% higher each sesh if I had the tiny bit I waste 
Man all those times the wind gods have fucked me over.. Damn it hurts just thinking about it..
Why is weed so expansive if Its so unexpensive to grow ?
Domestic? If so all good. It's clean I wouldn't worry
I really wouldn't worry too much man. You'll probably be fine. Worst case you use the 'ol, "exotic tobacco piece" schtick. 
Just mail that to yourself, bro.
Happy summer beginning from the northern hempisphere ;) 
I can smell the eucalyptus from here.
Beautiful!! Enjoy my dude
I don't like your face 
You pazoolied us
150 for that lil twig ??
http://imgur.com/nmjmL9z
Damn whys it so expensive? What's in it?
[removed]
Lol dabs are no hotter than bowls
looks fuego!
That looks dangerous, please send it down to me for inspection. 
Amazing. Is it legal where you live?
Man, wish I had such nice neighbors, mine always freaks out if we play streethockey
great episode haha...man-spider...anyway, illadelph sounds like philadelphia so it kinda makes sense. 
Looks tasty, stay high fellow frient.
Sausage Fingers 
It's safe to say that OP is stoned to the bone
What the fuck did you just say
Someone needs to start a glass blowing brand called "Tobacco Use Only" if it hasn't been done already (haven't seen it so far) because that would be clever ... or we shouldn't be scheduled as a "1" ... one mans opionion
In CO at the pot shops I've seen it says intended for cannabis only on the display sign on a display full of glass pipes.
Mind if i ask where you got that bong?
Thick ass glass is probably the best place to get good glass online.
You mean you aren't going to use it to take fat tobacco rips? Actually my lungs hurt just thinking about tobacco rips.... 
Did someone pinch? Or did you do that?
Me and my friend were smoking a half oz just last weekend and I handed him a medium sized nug when we were both baked as fuck and said "eat it" so he just laughed and placed the whole thing on his toungue, chewed it and swallowed it
Brilliant.
On behalf of the rest of us in illegal states, you suck! J/k, dab one in rememberance of the rest of us :)
Is it poop soup ??
I wanna see whats inside of those....
seeing these make me so sad when I'm paying $40-50 for 1g 
eBay amazon 
Thick ass glass. You're welcome
^^^ why ruin it and add 10 days extra sober till you find a job lol when I was jobless I applied to 50 companies in 1 morning next day received 10+ calls and landed a full time job that started next day after my interview 
Seems like you should concentrate on getting work. Not trying to be rude, but this kind of attitude made me really unmotivated and introverted. Weed is wonderful, but it **does** get you lazy if you start giving less fucks about important stuff in order to not give up smoking. 
Aye ive got that poster :)
You should've waited it out the whole month . Then just smoke on the weekends once or twice . That way it only stays in your system two or three days and is a lot easier to pass tests
Cool poster, dude!
Also, my dog takes care of me.   I finished smoking and I came in and put my pipe up and the dog stood there and watched me do that.  Then he stood by my bad and watched me take my phone and ecig out of my pocket.  I got on the bed and he looked at me and looked at where I usually plug in my phone and put my vape juice.   I asked if he wanted on the bed and I started to take off my slippers and he looked at me and he looked at the place where I plug in my phone and put my ejuice is again so I look over there and realize I hadn't brought the charger and juice in.   I said "you were reminding me, weren't you?" and he went and got on his blanket on the floor.     He really did remind me.   He's awesome.  
Radical elective surgery is the only answer. And if you sign before year's end, we'll throw in some big boobs for half price.
I completely agree
Greetings fellow AZ MMJ patient. I personally prefer indicas for relaxing. Sativas that give me a strong head high make me feel slightly retarded and that's not very relaxing for me lol. Great for adventures though. 
Ayyeee I know where this is
OK I was going to say I've seen that house before at Newport lol
ya there are flavor notes of fruit in different strains. it's nots like a flavored cigar or anything ridiculous but you get all kinds of flavors. 
If you want to get better information on shit like this check out the app leafly. There are also plenty of videos on youtube that describe the type of thing you are talking about. Personally I have had strains that taste like Juicy Fruit (The chewing gum), Bubblegum, Grape, Blueberry, Piney, lemony, citrus in general, ect. All depends on the terp profile of the weed and the weed itself.

While I think you'll be good, I hestitate to say so. You really never know, ya know? We aren't you. 

That being said my sister smoked nearly twice a day for a few months up until about a week before her test for a job at Walgreens and passed. 

Stranger things have happened either way...
I usually go for Fetish urine if I feel I won't pass it.
I watched Pink Floyd the Wall my first time smoking. It was pretty intense.
Interstellar
Not gone girl..... watched after edibles = [very confuse](http://imgur.com/a/1qc6r)
Fear and loathing in Las Vegas 
Samsara
Fist Full of Dollars 😉
Crank 2
The only movie I can watch over and over.
Have you watched "everybody wants some"? Such a lovely movie
I never knew where, "Alright alright alright!" came from. When this arrived on Netflix I thought I'd watch it baked cuz I heard it was a favorite among ents. Man when David pulled up and said those words it was as if I had just figured out something I'd been looking for for such a long time. Then I just laughed for what seemed like the whole movie. 
YES. Great movie, one of my favorite lines. Other favorite: [*"okayy"*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KovhRkeHG4c)

Mitch touches the bridge of his nose a total of 42 times. He deserved a more brutal beating.
Among the most quotable stoner movies of all time, D & C belongs in the discussion. I was a radio DJ in Grand Rapids MI in 1993 and we did a movie premiere for it's opening night and I must've overheard "Alright Alright Alright" dozens of times after it let out. I wish to be buried with that movie.
Yep that is a line from that movie lol.. Alrighttttt
You forgot the "Heheheh"
Your nothing TJ you garbage 
nothing but good vibes from that movie 
Actual quote is "say man, you got a joint" I know because I just watched it for the first time today lol.
I don't like that movie, I hate when they spank the boys when I'm high I just feel like I am them... and that comes from someone who never experienced bullying in his life.
I was watching this Saturday lol.
I watched that movie a few weeks ago. The whole time I was waiting for the song Dazed and Confused to play and it never did.

Aside from that, though, grade A film.
O I thought you meant the song...
O I thought you meant the song...
Remember the Daze is an awesome move as well! 
Yeah the thing with cereal is all the milk you end up drinking! It just bloats you up :P
bruh apple jacks fucks you up when you eat too much mouth and teeth feeling all weird then u got a weird ass poop
TIL Spotify works on Chromecast! I use mine all the time for Plex/Netflix/YouTube. Thanks for the heads up :)
Apple Cinnamon Cheerios are way better, trust me on this
It's all fun and games until the shits hit you
I feel ya man... right after Halloween my local grocery marked down all the Frankenberry and Boo Berry to .75 a box. I cleaned house. Cheap top shelf cereal, hell yes! Except I shit rainbows now..

i ate so many reecee poofs i tasted wheat and oats.
Raisin Bran Crunch is my weakness when high lol. I could eat it nonstop 
I always eat too much cereal or other things around the house when I blaze. It becomes cumbersome sometimes.
I feel you homie..
[deleted]
[deleted]
aw now i want cheerios screw you man
Cinnamon Life cereal, just picked up a box. I eat it with no milk! I'm a monster!
